Tawny Pipit	British	comedy	Bernard Miles, Charles Saunders	During the Second World War Jimmy Bancroft (Niall MacGinnis), a fighter pilot just released from hospital, and his nurse (now his girlfriend) Hazel Broome (Rosamund John) are on a walking tour through the countryside. They arrive at the fictional village of Lipsbury Lea and, being keen birdwatchers, discover that a pair of tawny pipits, which are rarely seen in England, are nesting nearby. Staying in the village, they enlist the locals to protect the nesting site until the eggs hatch. The villagers do so with great enthusiasm, led by the fiery retired Colonel Barton-Barrington (Bernard Miles) and the Reverend Mr. Kingsley. Unfortunately, the field where the nest is located (known locally as the pinfold) is due to be ploughed up by order of the county's War Agricultural Executive Committee (the War Ag), and a delegation to the Ministry of Agriculture in London fails to get the order rescinded. Fortunately, the Minister was Barton-Barrington's fag at his public school, Marlborough, and personally intervenes to save the field from being ploughed. The eggs duly hatch, but not before a plot to steal them on behalf of an unscrupulous dealer is foiled by an alert army corporal (a professional ornithologist) who is serving nearby.
Oru Second Class Yathra	Malayalam	comedy	Jexson Antony, Rejis Antony	Police constables Balagopal (Sreejith Ravi) and Jolly Kurien (Joju George) have been at odds for years but are under orders to transfer two prisoners from Kannur to Trivandrum. They board the Parasuram express with the handcuffed inmates. While at the Kayamkulam station, prisoner Nandu (Vineeth Sreenivasan) escapes. The two officers get off the train at the next stop with second inmate Maran (Chemban Vinod Jose) and frantically searches for Nandu. The three unlikely musketeers finds the back-story of Nandu. Nandu's father, Narayanan (Nedumudi Venu) always have a wrongful intention to his step-sister, Lakshmi (Nikki Galrani). Nandu, one day determines to kill his father for the same, but the trap he set accidentally killed his mother. He was arrested for his mother's murder. One day his father Narayanan comes to visit him at jail and reveals his true intentions for his step-sister. Nandu determines to escape at any possible opportunities. The three musketeers finds Nandu while roughing with Narayanan, both with the intention to kill. Accidentally Jolly Kurien kills Nandu's father. With knowing Narayanan's story, Maran devises a plan to not let the issue known to others, to which everyone agrees. Narayanan's body is buried in a nearby church cemetery at that night itself. In the end of the day everyone is shown as happy in their karmic lives.
The Angel Who Pawned Her Harp	British	comedy	Alan Bromly	A beautiful blonde angel (Diane Cilento) arrives in Islington on a goodwill mission to soften the heart of pawnbroker Joshua Webman (Felix Aylmer). To raise money for her mission, she pawns her harp. Bringing out the best in the people she meets, she shows them the path down which their happiness lies.
Adult World	American	comedy	Scott Coffey	Recent college graduate Amy (Emma Roberts) believes she's destined to be a great poet. Pressed by her parents to earn a living, she takes a job at a small sex shop, Adult World, where she works with the manager, Alex (Evan Peters). When her car is stolen, her parents discover that she had canceled the car's theft insurance to afford submission fees for poetry journals, and kick her out. She briefly moves in with a coworker, transwoman Rubia (Armando Riesco), before finding her own apartment. She meets one of her favorite poets, Rat Billings (John Cusack), and talks her way into being his protégée by offering to clean his house. After some cajoling, Billings reads her poetry and offers to feature her work in an anthology he is working on. One night, she gets drunk and makes a clumsy attempt to seduce him, but he rebuffs her advances. Alex fires Amy after she fails to catch a shoplifter; angered, she says she is too good to work there. She soon discovers that she misses Alex, however, and realizes that she has feelings for him. She apologizes to him and asks for her job back. Alex rehires her, and they begin hanging out. At Amy's birthday party, Billings gives her a copy of the poetry anthology he featured her work in—Shit Poems: An Anthology of Bad Verse. Furious and humiliated, she confronts him and calls him a has-been. She goes home and tries to commit suicide by asphyxiating herself with a plastic bag, but changes her mind at the last second. The next day, she makes peace with Billings: he tells her that she needs to do more living before she can fulfill her potential as a writer, while she tells him not to take himself so seriously. Later, she sleeps with Alex, and they become a couple. She finds out she has been published in an erotica magazine that she submitted prose to as a joke. She and Alex go to a party together to celebrate, and he encourages her to keep writing. The film ends with Amy reading Shit Poems with a smile on her face. In the epilogue, next to the credits, she becomes a well-known poet and arranges her first poetry book on a shelf in a bookstore to be more prominently shown.
Lucky Them	American	comedy	Megan Griffiths	Ellie Klug is a music critic in her 40s at a dying underground magazine, Stax. Her editor, Giles, (Oliver Platt) assigns Ellie to write a piece on Matthew Smith on the 10th anniversary of his disappearance which most people consider a suicide. Ellie, who was Matthew's childhood sweetheart and who remained with him until his disappearance, is unconvinced that he is dead and decides to track Matthew down. After receiving a tip online as to Matthew Smith's location, Giles gives Ellie a thousand dollars to pay the source. However Ellie is distracted by Lucas Stone, (Ryan Eggold) a struggling musician who is interested in Ellie, and accidentally leaves the money beside him when she leaves to catch her bus. When Ellie ignores his calls, Lucas misinterprets Ellie's actions and uses the money to cut a demo tape, believing that Ellie left him the money as a show of faith. Ellie manages to come up with the money to bribe her source by going to Charlie (Thomas Haden Church), an awkward but wealthy socialite whom she had briefly dated in the past. Charlie agrees to help Ellie if she allows him to film her as part of a documentary on her search for Matthew Smith. Ellie agrees, but the source is a scammer and the documentary quickly falls apart after they run out of leads. Charlie admits he loaned her the money because he was interested in having a relationship with her. Ellie begins dating Lucas, but grows insecure after he begins to experience some success. When he fails to show up for Charlie's wedding Ellie assumes he has left her and sleeps with another man only to have Lucas walk into her room late in the night. He returns the money to her with a note explaining the miscommunication that led to him taking it. After breaking up with Lucas, Ellie spirals into a depression, obsessively watching the video of a man she believes to be Matthew Smith performing a song which she believes is about her. She finally has a breakthrough when she realizes that all of Matthew's old issues of Stax were under his mother's name and discovers while looking through the database at work that the subscription was never cancelled but the delivery address was changed. Ellie and Charlie go to the address listed on the subscription and find it's a bar. When Ellie asks the bartender if she knows Matthew Smith the woman answers in the negative but places a call on a cellphone shortly after. Ellie and Charlie follow her to her home. In the morning she sees a man outside the house and after approaching him she realizes it's Matthew. The two have a short conversation where she realizes that Matthew and the bartender are living together and have a child. When Ellie asks him about the song he was playing he tells her he has no new songs. Ellie and Charlie leave and Charlie gives Ellie all the footage from the documentary. She in turn writes a piece for Giles about Matthew without revealing that he is still alive and leading a quiet and secluded life. The end of the film shows Ellie going out on a date with Charlie.
The Oh in Ohio	American	comedy	Billy Kent	Frustrated with the fact that he cannot give his wife Priscilla (Parker Posey) an orgasm, Jack (Paul Rudd) moves out of the house and starts a relationship with Kristen (Mischa Barton), his student. Unfulfilled, Priscilla forms an unlikely partnership with Wayne (Danny DeVito), a businessman more than twice her age.
Dr. Plonk	Australian	comedy	Rolf de Heer	The story focuses on Dr Plonk, a scientist and inventor who, in 1907, determines that the world will end in 101 years. However, he is ridiculed for his beliefs and so invents a time machine in order to collect evidence from the future to prove his case. But each visit he makes to 2007 only causes him more problems, and he eventually becomes a wanted man...
Up the Creek	British	comedy	Val Guest	Lieutenant Humphrey Fairweather, a well-meaning but accident-prone naval officer with a passion for rockets, is posted where he can (so the navy hopes) cause no further damage. He is given command of a mothballed Royal Navy vessel, HMS Berkeley, which has had no Commanding Officer for several years. She is moored at a wharf on the Suffolk coast near the (fictional) village of Meadows End. He discovers that the ship is woefully under strength and is forced to contend with the schemes of his bosun, Chief Petty Officer Dogerty (Sellers). He and the crew are running several profitable businesses, including a same-day laundry, selling naval rum and cigarettes to the local pub, the Pig and Whistle, and making pies and pastries for sale to the villagers. They also keep pigs and hens. After the naive Fairweather is innocently drawn into the enterprises, he is politely blackmailed into covering for them. But when an Admiral makes a surprise inspection, the story eventually comes out. Whilst angrily haranguing them, Admiral Foley accidentally launches Fairweather's experimental rocket, and the ship is sunk. Because of Fairweather's impeccable connections at the Admiralty, and because the Berkeley was Admiral Foley's first command, Fairwather is not court-martialed. Instead, he is promoted to Lt-Commander and posted to Woomera to continue his rocketry research, accompanied by Susanne, the attractive French girl he has met at the pub. The ship's crew are posted to another ship, HMS Incorruptible.
Nadakame Ulakam (നാടകമേ ഉലകം)	Malayalam	comedy	Viji Thampi	Omanakuttan (Mukesh), is a Bank Manager by profession. But he is very interested stage plays and he himself has directed and acted in many plays. He is approached by a film crew from town headed by Pavan (Suraj Venjaramoodu), to produce their debut venture. Omanakuttan who is a cinema aspirant, agrees to finance the film after he was offered the lead role. Eventually, he learns that neither Pavanan nor his associates know anything about film making. Omanakuttan decides himself to script and direct the film. He completes the film successfully with a limited cast but fails to find a distributor. To find a distributor, Omanakuttan goes to Chennai but fate had something else planned for him there. His bag gets stolen and while chasing the thief, he gets hit by a car. Fortunately the car was that of an accomplished film producer and distributor (Siddhiq). After hearing the story of Omanakuttan, he decides to distribute the film, which became a super hit in the box office.
Silver City	American	comedy	John Sayles	Richard Dicky Pilager, the dim-witted scion of a powerful political dynasty, is running for Governor of Colorado. One day, while filming a campaign ad that shows him fishing at Arapahoe Lake, Pilager hooks a corpse on location. Chuck Raven, Pilager's campaign manager, hires Danny O'Brien, a former journalist who works as a private investigator, to examine the case. Raven urges O'Brien to find potential links between the body and Pilager's political enemies. O'Brien's job is essentially to intimidate Pilager's opponents, and he has numerous revealing conversations with various people. He learns that business mogul Wes Benteen is using Pilager to promote his own agenda. The interviews also reveal further corruption: politicians, land developers, and mining companies are conspiring to ignore certain environmental issues. O'Brien also learns about illegal migrant workers, as well as a potentially damaging love affair.
Jackass Presents: Bad Grandpa	American	comedy	Jeff Tremaine	Billy is sitting in the waiting room of a lawyer's office. His mother Kimmie comes out to grab him and tells him they're going to see his grandfather. Irving Zisman is sitting in the waiting room of a hospital, checking out a magazine and looking at racy photos. A nurse comes in to inform Irving that his wife has died. After a brief moment of silence, Irving starts laughing, overjoyed that his wife is dead. Irving leaves the hospital to get himself off, but unfortunately for him, the massage parlor and strip club are closed. Desperate, he sticks his penis into the slot of a vending machine. That's when he gets himself stuck and starts asking onlookers for help. Irving attends his wife Ellie's funeral with a group of strangers as they outlived all their close friends. As he starts giving a speech, Billy and his mother Kimmie barge in and Kimmie pulls Irving outside to talk to him. She says she is going back to jail for violating her parole, and she asks Irving to make sure Billy stays with his father. Irving reluctantly agrees and they go back inside. Kimmie starts to steal a pearl necklace from Ellie's casket, but Irving tries to stop her. Their struggle ends up pushing Irving into the casket, spilling Ellie's corpse onto the floor. Irving takes Billy to meet with a counselor while they contact Billy's father. Chuck turns out to be a deadbeat who refuses to take Billy in as he is unable to afford to do so. When his girlfriend comes in to remind him that he can get child support for Billy, he instructs Irving to take Billy down to Raleigh, North Carolina to drop him off by Sunday. Irving starts selling his late wife's belongings, and tries to sell her bed to a potential customer. Later, Irving calls a couple of unwitting guys to come help remove the bed, though he really asks them to help him and Billy carry Ellie's body to the trunk of his car, since he felt that she needs to be taken south to be buried properly. Irving and Billy hit the road, and Billy says he's hungry, so Irving pulls over to a nearby market where a woman is selling food. He tries to hit on her while Billy goes on a ride outside the shop. He tells Irving that it is not working, forcing Irving to test it out, only to end up getting blasted through the window when the ride springs off its base. Frustrated, Irving tries to send Billy off to North Carolina in a box. He takes him to the post office, but since Billy keeps moving and speaking, both women in the post office open it and are shocked to find him inside. Before he can get into anymore trouble, he says he will just take Billy back on the road. Irving leaves Billy in the car as he goes away to play Bingo. Meanwhile, Billy leaves the car to explore and stops an older gentlemen to get him to tie his shoelaces. The duo head to a supermarket when Billy gets hungry again, Irving steals food from the premises and makes himself and Billy sandwiches, which is seen by the staff. A woman comes out to chastise Irving for eating without paying. The two pull into a motel for the day. They pull Ellie's corpse out of the trunk since Irving thinks it would be disrespectful to leave it in the car. Irving then asks a man if he knows where a strip club is. The man points one out to him and he leaves Billy in the room. Irving goes to a club featuring male performers, and tells one of the dancers that he plans on waiting until the women are so aroused by the dancers for him to swoop in and make his move. When the men start to dance, Irving jumps on the dance floor and pulls down his pants. At the same time, Billy leaves the motel room to find him. He goes to another strip club and then to an adult book store. Irving eventually returns home before they have to hit the road again. As they approach North Carolina, Irving tries to use Billy to find a woman to hook up with, but they all turn him down. They drive to a diner where Irving crashes into a large penguin statue, arguing with one of the customers about fixing it. At the diner, Billy asks why he has to stay with his dad when he does not like him very much. Irving insists that Billy must do so anyway, then defecates onto the wall behind him. Embarrassed, they leave and later play some basketball while Billy asks Irving if he can take him fishing. Billy gets hungry yet again and Irving takes him to a church where a wedding reception is taking place. During a group photo, Irving swipes a glass of champagne, causing the whole tower of glasses to collapse, and he ends up falling on top of the table and into the wedding cake, crashing onto the floor. Irving drives Billy to a bar where they are meeting Chuck. Chuck is talking to a member of a biker organization called Guardians of the Children, which assists abused children. Chuck explains that Billy will allow for him to get child support just as Irving and Billy walk in the door. Irving asks him to make sure that Billy is taken care of, though he rudely responds to Irving that he'll get the job done. Irving bids Billy farewell. As Irving leaves tearfully, one GOC member comes out to assure him that they will keep their eyes on Billy. Irving drives away, but immediately starts to miss Billy. He turns the car around and drives back to the bar to get Billy back, just as Chuck is showing off his bad parenting by refusing Billy any food. Irving calls Billy to him, but Chuck prepares to fight him. The GOC members pull them away from each other and allow Irving to leave with Billy while they hold Chuck off and warn him there will be trouble if he acts threateningly. To celebrate, Irving and Billy crash a beauty pageant after spotting a flyer for it on their road trip. Billy gets dressed up as a girl and charms most of the judges, even though one reigning child champion and her mother note the unusual event of a girl being there with a grandpa. Billy dresses up as a sailor girl to put on a show. It appears cute until he rips off the outfit to reveal him wearing women's underwear and then put on a risque dance to Cherry Pie, then for Irving to throw money at him. Everyone, including the judges, are completely speechless. His wig falls off and the duo runs out. Irving drives up to a bridge where he and Billy finally get rid of Ellie's body by throwing it into a river before proceeding to fish, fulfilling Billy's desires.
I'm All Right Jack	British	comedy	John Boulting	After leaving the army and returning to university, newly graduated upper class Stanley Windrush (Ian Carmichael) is looking for a job but fails miserably at interviews for various entry level management positions. Stanley's uncle, Bertram Tracepurcel (Dennis Price) and his old army comrade, Sidney DeVere Cox (Richard Attenborough), persuade him to take an unskilled blue-collar job at Uncle Bertram's missile factory, despite Aunt Dolly's (Margaret Rutherford) misgivings. At first suspicious of the overeager newcomer, communist shop steward Fred Kite (Peter Sellers) takes Stanley under his wing and even offers to take him in as a lodger. When Kite's curvaceous daughter Cynthia (Liz Fraser) drops by, Stanley readily accepts. Meanwhile, personnel manager Major Hitchcock (Terry-Thomas) is assigned a time and motion study expert, Waters (John Le Mesurier), to measure how efficient the employees are. The workers refuse to cooperate but Waters tricks Windrush into showing him how much more quickly he can do his job with his forklift truck, than other more experienced employees. When Kite is informed of the results, he calls a strike to protect the rates his union workers are being paid. This is what Cox and Tracepurcel want; Cox owns a company that can take over a large new contract with a Middle Eastern country at an inflated cost. He, Tracepurcel and a Mr Mohammed (Marne Maitland), the country's representative, would each pocket a third of the £100,000 difference. Things don't quite work out for either side. Cox arrives at his factory to find that his workers are walking out in sympathy for Kite and his strikers. The press reports that Kite is punishing Windrush for working hard. When Windrush decides to cross the picket line and go back to work (and reveals his connection with the company's owner), Kite asks him to leave his house. This provokes the adoring Cynthia and her mother (Irene Handl) to go on strike. More strikes spring up, bringing the country to a standstill. Faced with these new developments, Tracepurcel has no choice but to send Hitchcock to negotiate with Kite. They reach an agreement but Windrush has made both sides look bad and has to go. Cox tries to bribe him with a bagful of money to resign quietly but Windrush turns him down. On a televised discussion programme moderated by Malcolm Muggeridge (playing himself), Windrush reveals to the nation the underhanded motivations of all concerned. When he throws Cox's bribe money into the air, the studio audience riots. In the end, Windrush is convicted of causing a disturbance and everyone else is exonerated. He is last seen with his father (Miles Malleson) relaxing at a nudist colony, only to have to flee from the female residents' attentions.
The Women	American	comedy	Diane English	Clothing designer Mary Haines lives in a beautiful suburban Connecticut home with her wealthy financier husband Steven and their 11-year-old daughter Molly. Her best friend since college, Sylvie Fowler, is the editor of a prominent fashion magazine that dictates the latest in taste and style for New York City fashionistas. When Sylvie learns Steven is involved with Crystal Allen, a perfume salesgirl in Saks Fifth Avenue, from chatty anicurist Tanya, she confides in the ever-pregnant Edie Cohen but hesitates to tell Mary, who discovers the news from the same woman after getting a manicure herself. Despite her mother Catherine's exhortation to keep quiet about what she knows, Mary confronts Crystal first, in a lingerie store, and then Steven, before asking for a divorce. Sylvie, Edie, and writer Alex Fisher join forces to support their spurned friend, but complications arise when Sylvie, facing the loss of her job, conspires with local gossip columnist Bailey Smith by confirming Mary's marital woes in exchange for Bailey contributing a celebrity profile to the magazine. Mary is stunned by Sylvie's betrayal and ends their friendship. Mary's daughter begins to ditch school and confides in Sylvie because her mother, distracted by the upheavals in her once idyllic life, becomes more distant. Mary is fired from her job by her father, has a makeover, and decides to open her own clothing design firm with some financial assistance from Catherine. As she begins to get her life in order, she makes an effort to bond with Molly, who reveals her father's relationship with Crystal is unraveling, and reunites with Sylvie, who has quit her job. With this knowledge in hand, Mary sets out to repair her fractured marriage as she prepares to unveil her new line of womenswear in a fashion show attended not only by boutique owners but the buyer from Saks as well. Sylvie tells Mary that she has met a guy and is thinking of giving him her real phone number. Edie's water breaks and she has a baby boy. Mary receives a call from her husband and is encouraged by the others to answer it; she then arranges a date with him. In the end, we see that a magazine titled Sylvie is published with the four friends on the cover and Alex's book is out. A hint is given about Crystal's possibly going out with Alex's ex-girlfriend Natasha. The women talk about the magazine, the book and the joys, heartaches and uniquely special triumphs of being a woman.
Mother Riley Meets the Vampire	British	comedy	John Gilling	Von Housen seeks to dominate the world from his headquarters in London with an army of 50,000 radar-controlled robots that are powered by uranium. He believes himself to be a vampire and has several young women abducted, most recently Julia Loretti, who has a map to a uranium mine that he needs for his robot army. At the moment, Von Housen only has one functional robot which is supposed to be shipped to him but, through a mistake, is shipped to Old Mother Riley's store instead, with Mother Riley's package sent to Von Housen. Seeing Mother Riley's address in the label, Von Housen sends his robot to abduct Mother Riley and take her to his headquarters.
The Darwin Awards	American	comedy	Finn Taylor	The film opens with a car with a JATO rocket strapped to it. The movie then shifts to Michael Burrows, a criminal profiler for the San Francisco Police Department. Shot in documentary style, the film is ostensibly a dissertation by a film school grad that follows Michael throughout the story. Fired from the police force after his hematophobia allows a serial killer to get away, Michael wallows in a deep depression for several weeks before coming up with a way to combine his Darwin Awards obsession with his talent for profiling. He will help insurance companies detect people more likely to accidentally end their own lives, so they are not sold insurance policies. After impressing an insurance company manager with his profiling talent, Michael is paired up with Siri, a specialist in strange insurance cases. Siri and Michael travel the country on behalf of the company, investigating several legendary examples of stupidity, such as the JATO rocket car. A pair of men attempting to ice fish become frustrated and use a stick of dynamite to blast a hole in the ice. The problem is their dog plays fetch with the lit dynamite and runs it back to their brand-new SUV. As they investigate the cases, Michael tries to pinpoint a common factor for these people. The only explanation is a confused monologue by Siri about insurance companies always denying claims and driving people insane. Michael narrowly avoids becoming a Darwin Award winner throughout the movie. He and Siri are stranded in the middle of nowhere on a cold night. Desperate for warmth, he attempts to start a fire with gasoline, causing his car to explode. Siri later confronts Michael, accusing him of being obsessed with the Darwin Awards. A twist of fate leads to Michael discovering where the murder suspect he originally allowed to escape now lives, as he videotapes the man in his home by rappelling down the side of the building. The film school student is seen for the first time as he, too, is hanging on the side of the building. The problem is his rope is the other end of the same one Michael is dangling by. The stone vase on the roof that the pair is anchored to starts inching closer to the edge. At the same time the serial killer taunts them while slicing open the captive Siri's hand, hoping to trigger Michael's hematophobia. But Michael is able to overcome his fear and defeats the serial killer.
Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola	Bollywood	comedy	Vishal Bhardwaj	The film tells the story of three individuals, Harphool Singh Mandola a.k.a. Harry (Pankaj Kapur), his daughter Bijlee Mandola (Anushka Sharma) and Hukum Singh Matru (Imran Khan) known in short as 'Matru'. Harry is a wealthy, cynical businessman who dreams of turning the Mandola village (named after his family) into a shining example of his success and a microcosm of a fledgeling economy in itself. But this dream can only be realised if the villagers agree to sell their land to the government at unfairly low rates in order for the land to be converted into a Special Economic Zone. Among many vices, a vice relevant to the plot, is Harry's drinking. He is normally a shrewd, sophisticated and composed individual, but whenever drunk, he turns into an advocate of equality and betterment of the villagers, but regrets these thoughts when sober. When he chooses not to drink he hallucinates, as a withdrawal symptom, about a pink buffalo 'Gulabo', the mascot of the brand of alcohol he enjoys. The knowledge of these hallucinations are later used by Matru as a ploy to get Harry drunk in order to serve his own plans. Bijlee Mandola is the only child of Harry Mandola. She lost her mother when she was young and now lives in Mandola village after having received a higher education in New Delhi and later in Oxford, England. Bijlee is now in love with Baadal (Arya Babbar), the son of politician Chaudhari Devi (Shabana Azmi) and is all set to marry him. Chaudhari Devi is a corrupt politician who, along with her obedients, is helping Harry realise his dream. Baadal and Bijlee's union is strategically apt as it serves Harry's and Chaudhari Devi's personal goals. While Chaudhari Devi conspires to control Harry's wealth by marrying her son to his daughter, Harry seeks Chaudhari Devi's help in realising his dream in exchange for their children's marriage. Matru is a revolutionary, fighting for the villagers' cause of not letting their land being taken away. He is educated in Law from JNU, holds a job as Harry's driver and is responsible for regulating Harry's drinking. Matru's revolutionary instincts are shown to be significantly influenced by those of Mao Tse Tung. The film starts with a negotiation at a liquor shop set in crop laden fields, between the liquor shop owner and a heavily drunk Harry. The shop owner's rude refusal to sell alcohol to Harry due to the day being a dry day, provokes Harry to run his Limousine into the shop. Once drunk, Harry is shown to be an entirely different individual, who wants the land of the villagers to be returned to them, Matru to marry Bijlee while himself to retire into a religious man. The villagers, in their fight are supported and advised by Mao who regularly sends messages to the villagers, written on cloth. Later in the film it is revealed that Mao is none other than Matru who is advising the villagers without revealing himself in order to retain the key position as Harry's aide. Bijlee's love for Baadal is depicted to be a contradiction to her subtle, probably subconscious, knowledge of Baadal's incompatibility with her. This subtle thought aggravated by Baadal's affiliation and deeds supporting his mother's corrupt cause, overpowers Bijlee's will to marry him and polarises her into helping Matru and the villagers instead. After this polarisation, seeing Chaudhari Devi and Baadal's ambitions in a new light and while helping the villagers along with Matru, Bijlee falls in love with Matru. Although they have the help of Matru, his college friends and Bijlee, the villagers lose their entire harvest to an unexpected rain storm. This harvest, which would have fetched enough money to settle their debts to the government bank and some more for their own survival, is now completely destroyed. Thus the villagers are forced to surrender their land, against their will, to the government in order to settle their debts. Later, discovering Bijlee's alliance with the villagers, Chaudhari Devi, now cautious, decides to finalise the decree to convert the now acquired land into an SEZ only once Bijlee and Baadal are married. These conflicts of villagers' loss of their lands, Bijlee's marriage to Baadal, builds up the tension leading up to the wedding at the climax wherein Matru and the villagers have a plan to get Harry drunk who will then call off the wedding. This plan apparently works and Harry is shown to be drunk, succumbing to Matru and the villagers' plan. Now, while drunk, he enters the wedding venue, calls off the wedding, chases away Chaudhari Devi, Baadal and their supporters and decides to get Bijlee and Matru married. Consequently, upon refusal by Matru on the pretext that Harry will not feel the same way about him and Bijlee when sober, Harry, to everyone's surprise, reveals that since he had sworn on Bijlee to not consume even a drop of alcohol has stood by his word, in turn revealing that while he did all that he did appearing to be drunk, he was completely sober instead.
Two Countries	Malayalam	comedy	Shafi	The plot of the film revolves around Ullas (Dileep), a cunning procrastinator in his late 30s who makes a living by deceiving people in his hometown. Money is the only motivator that works for him and he wants it without any risks. For making money he decides to marry a disabled women, Simran. But when better proposal comes from an Indo-Canadian Malayali woman Laya, he chooses that. Immigration to Canada and easy money allures him. Only later does Ullas comes to the knowledge that Laya is a chronic alcoholic. The knowledge of funds deposited in her name, that Laya cannot claim due to her alcoholism, and the possibility of access entices him however and he adjusts with the troubles. In time Ullas falls in love with his alcoholic wife, and the call of a husband makes him care for Laya even in troubles. Laya comes to knowledge about Ullas's original plan through Avinash, Ullas's friend, accidentally. This leads to a divorce case. Initially Ullas gains the upper hand from the court, citing his wife is an alcoholic and she needs treatment and that the divorce case is resistance towards it. Laya gets treated through a de-addiction center. By the guidance of the doctor, Ullas goes with the divorce process to help Laya. Ullas returns and decides to marry Simran. Later Laya understands about the role of Ullas for her wellness, through certain unexpected turn of events they become together again.
Crook's Tour	British	comedy	John Baxter	Charters (Basil Radford) and Caldicott (Naunton Wayne) are touring the Middle East. After visiting Saudi Arabia they find themselves in Baghdad where they are mistaken by a group of German spies for the messengers who are to carry a song record by beautiful singer La Palermo (Greta Gynt) which contains secret instructions of the German Intelligence. Realizing their error, the German spies follow Charters and Caldicott to Istanbul and Budapest, trying to eliminate them and retrieve the record.
What Happens in Vegas	American	comedy	Tom Vaughan	In New York City, high-strung equity trader Joy Ellis McNally is dumped by her fiancé at a surprise birthday party she throws for him. At the same time, easy-going carpenter Jack Fuller is fired from his job by his father, Jack, Sr. Both become emotionally distraught and, with best friends Toni Tipper, a bartender, and Jeff Hater, a lawyer, take a debauched trip to Las Vegas. Joy and Jack meet by chance when they are given the same hotel room because of a computer error. After clearing up the misunderstanding and receiving upgraded rooms and coupons to various clubs, they party and drink together and end up getting married. The next morning, they realize it was a mistake and decide to divorce. Before they do so, Jack uses a quarter Joy gives him in a slot machine. He hits a three million dollar jackpot and Joy reminds Jack that they are married and hence, she is entitled to half of the money. The couple return to New York, where they attempt to divorce. The judge declares that the couple cannot divorce until they attempt to co-exist for six months, while attending weekly sessions with Dr. Twitchell, a marriage counselor. If they work at the marriage but still want to divorce after six months, each will be permitted to keep half the winnings. If either party does not cooperate, the money will be tied up in litigation by the judge. The newlyweds devise more and more cunning schemes to undermine each other, such as Jack telling Joy that their counseling session is canceled to prove she's not committed, and Joy inviting girls to their apartment to try to get Jack to cheat on her, throwing a party where Jack's friend Dave shows up. Jack gives Joy's ex-fiancé, Mason, her engagement ring back without Joy knowing. At Joy's job retreat, Jack and Joy find themselves developing an unexpected attraction to one another, and they soon realize that being with each other has brought out the best in both of them. After they get back from the retreat, it's time for the judge to decide what happens to the money. On her way to the hearing, Joy sees her ex-fiancé Mason, and he tells her that he wants her back. He gives her back the engagement ring and tells her that she is good enough for him. Joy realizes that Jack set her up to get back with him, therefore cheating on him and letting Jack keep the money. Joy walks away from Mason and goes to the hearing. At the hearing, their marriage counselor testifies that the couple truly tried to work on their marriage. The judge decides that they will split the remaining 1.4 million dollars (after taxes, bills Joy ran up, and money Jack spent on his new woodworking business). Joy tells the judge she doesn't want any money and gives the engagement ring to Jack, telling him she officially doesn't want anything from him. Jack realizes she knows that he talked to Mason. Joy gets the promotion she'd been working for, but tells her boss she would rather be happy doing nothing than doing something she hates and being miserable. Jack talks to his parents and they tell him it looks like he and Joy are in love. Realizing his mistake, he goes to find her. Tipper tells Jack that she quit her job and that nobody knows where she is. He has a suspicion that she has gone to a beach (Fire Island, New York) that she told him about, the only place that makes her feel truly happy. Jack asks her to be his wife (again) and she says yes. As the two embrace, Joy says that she quit her job and has no idea what she's going to do. Jack reminds her that they have a lot of money between them. Joy states that they hit the jackpot, to which Jack replies that he certainly did (referring to both the money and to Joy). During the credits, we see Tipper and Hater on the day Jack and Joy get married. Tipper and Hater subsequently enact a plan of revenge on Mason, devised by Tipper earlier in the film. Tipper and Hater ring Mason's doorbell, and when he answers, Tipper slugs him in his testicles. He moans in agony and drops to his knees asking Why?, and she responds emphatically You know why!, and Tipper leaves with Hater.[1] Post-credits, Dave is telling Hater about a party that evening, but Hater no longer wants to associate with Dave, citing Jack as being the glue that held the two of them together as friends. With that, Hater simply leaves. Dave asks a random guy on the street if he likes to party.
Daddy's Home	American	comedy	Sean Anders John Morris	Mild-mannered radio executive Brad Whitaker struggles to be a good stepfather to his wife Sara's two children, Megan and Dylan, and is seemingly sterile after an accident to his testicles some years ago. The children begin to grow closer to Brad, with Dylan confiding in him that he is being picked on at school and Megan asking him to take her to a father/daughter dance at her school. One night, the kids' biological father, Sara's former husband Dusty Mayron, calls and discovers Sara's marriage with Brad. He suddenly announces he will be visiting the next day. Sara hesitates to let her former husband into their home, but Brad convinces her that it is important for the kids that their father and stepfather establish a respectful relationship. When Dusty arrives, Brad is immediately intimidated by his tough and muscular appearance and his charm with Megan and Dylan. Dusty repeatedly talks Brad into letting him stay, despite Sara warning about Dusty's true nature. Brad soon wises up when it becomes clear that Dusty intends to drive Brad out of his kids' lives and reconcile with Sara. After Dusty shows Brad up again and again - getting the kids a dog, finishing a treehouse that Brad wanted to build with Dylan, making Brad appear to be racist - Dusty tries to drive a wedge between Brad and Sara by taking them to a fertility doctor, hoping that Brad's inability to give Sara a baby will send her into Dusty's arms. Still, the two men appear to reach an understanding after working together to teach Dylan how to defend himself. Additionally, Brad and Sara are overjoyed to learn that Brad's sperm count has increased significantly (implied to be a result of Dusty invading his territory), giving them hope of having a child together. However, Brad is stunned when Dusty reveals that he still intends to drive Brad out of the family. Desperate, Brad spends tens of thousands of dollars on early Christmas gifts, including a pony and $18,000 basketball tickets. At the game, Dusty once again shows Brad up by revealing himself to be friends with the coach of Dylan's favorite team, and an enraged Brad begins drinking heavily. During half-time, Brad is chosen to try to shoot a basketball to win a prize. Drunk, Brad goes on a rant about Dusty before accidentally pelting a cheerleader and a disabled child in a wheelchair in the face with basketballs. Humiliated, Brad moves out of the house; however, when Dusty tries to comfort Sara, she rejects him, and forces him to step up as a dad to help his kids with their busy schedules. Four days later, Brad is living in his office at work, depressed. Dusty, meanwhile, is overwhelmed by the responsibilities of being a full-time father. When Dusty decides to call it quits and leave on the day of Megan's father-daughter dance, his friend Griff goes to Brad and convinces him to fight for his family. Brad catches Dusty at a bar and tries to get him to come back. Dusty admits that he cannot handle the hard parts about being a father, and admires Brad for putting up with all the things that he has to go through. Brad says that all of the terrible parts about being a dad are worth it, because in the end he is doing it for his kids. This convinces Dusty to go to the dance, and he and Brad arrive together. There, they discover that the classmate who was picking on Dylan at school is a girl, and almost get into a fight with her father when Dylan physically retaliates. However, Dusty finally decides to follow Brad's lead on being a father, and instead quells the fight by starting a dance-off. Brad and Sara reconcile, and Dusty decides to stay and be a good co-dad to his kids. Later, the whole family is happy; Brad and Sara have a new baby boy named after Griff, and Megan and Dylan have finally accepted Brad as their stepfather. Dusty, who now has a job as a Panda DJ and becomes wealthy through his work, has moved in across the street after building a castle there, and he and Brad are now friends. Dusty eventually remarries, to a woman named Karen who has a daughter, thus Dusty becomes a stepfather himself. Sara is immediately intimidated by Karen after meeting her; she feels that Karen's looks surpass hers and she is jealous of the latter's professions as a doctor and a novelist. In an ironic twist of fate, Dusty is now in exactly the same position that he put Brad in a year ago – visibly intimidated by his stepdaughter's more attractive father, Roger (John Cena).
Loudspeaker	Malayalam	comedy	Jayaraj	The movie is all about the relationships between two rare bred men from extremely different strata of society, but more in common than is apparent from the first look. They might have never run into each other, with their stark contrast in nature and life styles and would have hardly given each other a second look, if they hadn't met in these defined circumstances. But the movie throws them together, intertwined in worst of their days and progressively built in the rapport between the extremes, and infuses the spirit of worthy and meaningful life to all in the screen and those who watches them on screen. Mammootty plays the lead role Mike Philippose, a barefooted uneducated simpleton who lands in the city, armoured with his loud voice, opinions and dazzling wit to stand up with the different level of etiquette's he find in the flats of the city. His arrival is as a kidney donor to ailing Anand Menon, an astrophysicist who returned to his home nation after working in US for the last forty six years. A dejected man who wants to run away from his memories, Menon is turned into the reverse track by Mike, who lives with his memories and snobs about his deceased father and about the silent hamlet of Thopramkudy. The movie packs a lot of characters like the old man (Janardhanan) in legal tussle with his children, the fighting couple (Kalpana and Reghu) who even don't like to see face to face, a secretary of the flat residents (Jagathy) who only has a dog for his company, a group of loud bachelors and a kid who turns into a brat, left alone and away from her parents.
Look Up and Laugh	British	comedy	Basil Dean	Gracie Pearson (Fields) is a singer/comedian who returns home to enjoy a little holiday, but there is trouble brewing. First, she has to use all of her hard-earned money to pay for part of what her brother owes to a money lender. Then when they go to see their father, they find he has collapsed due to the Plumborough Market (where he has a stall) is threatened with demolition to make way for a department store. She receives a telegram offering a West End singing job, but decides to try to save the market instead. As time runs out, Gracie rallies the stall keepers together through a series of ever more hilarious schemes in their attempts to save their livelihoods.
The Electric House	American	comedy	Buster Keaton	Keaton plays a botany student who is accidentally awarded an electrical engineering degree. He then attempts to wire a home using many gadgets. The man to whom the degree should have been awarded then exacts revenge by rewiring those gadgets to cause mayhem.
New York Minute	American	comedy	Dennie Gordon	Seventeen-year-old identical twin sisters Jane (Ashley Olsen) and Roxy Ryan (Mary-Kate Olsen) are completely different and never see eye to eye. They live with their widowered father, and attend the fictional Atta Westland Grove High Van School in Syosset, a suburban Long Island town. Over a 24-hour period, the two begrudgingly journey together into the city for Jane, an uptight overachiever, to deliver a speech to qualify for a prestigious college scholarship abroad, and for Roxy, a laid-back punk-rock rebel, to get backstage at a music video shoot so that she can give her demo tape to the group. Jane and Roxy board the train into New York but are soon thrown off together after Roxy is found without a ticket. At the station, Jane bumps into Jim (Riley Smith), and they flirt back and forth before he gets on the train. Meanwhile, Roxy becomes unknowingly involved in a shady black-market transaction after an illegal chip device is mistakenly planted in her bag. Bennie Bang (Andy Richter), the man behind the plan, offers Roxy a ride in a swanky limousine and she accepts, dragging Jane along who is reluctant about getting into cars with strangers. He locks them inside but they escape through the sun roof and he chases them into the city subway where they help one another to fight him off. Meanwhile, Max Lomax (Eugene Levy), an overzealous truant officer, is on the hunt to find Roxy after news of her continuously missing school and forging absence letters from her father. Several unlucky incidents occur as they begin their journey such as Jane's heels snapping and being drenched by a hobo's blue slush drink. At the nearest store, Jane realizes she's left her day planner in the limo, which has her whole life in it including money and the prompt cards needed her for college speech later that day. To clean up, they break into a posh hotel room and soon receive a phone call from Bennie who threatens to meet him to give the chip back or they won't get the day planner, but before they can leave, they meet Trey (Jared Padalecki), the son of the powerful Senator who's staying at the hotel, and his dog, Reinaldo, who swallows the chip. They are forced to take Reinaldo with them. They make their way to their destinations and decide to part ways. Roxy heads to the Simple Plan video shoot being followed by Max, while Jane goes to meet Bennie for an exchange. When he finds out the dog, Reinaldo, has swallowed the chip, he tries to attack Jane who flees from the car and goes to find Roxy. While running from Max and Bennie, the two end up on stage with the band and crowd surf to get away. Trey is also trying to find Roxy who runs into Bennie and gets kidnapped in the trunk of his car. Meanwhile, Jane and Roxy end up in the underground sewer with Reinaldo with Jane's speech in less than two hours. A little later, they walk into the House of Bling where Big Shirl (Mary Davis Bonde) gives them both a makeover. Max hunts them down and they escape in a cab even when Jane failed her driving test. They accidentally pick up the same man that Roxy spilled her drink on in the train. When they stop, they argue. Jane explains that Roxy has never been there for her and never takes life seriously, and she feels she stopped taking responsibility for anything after their mother died, leaving Jane in charge. Conversely, Roxy believes Jane doesn't need to take control of everything and feels she's been pushed away, since she wasn't even invited to Jane's speech. Jane goes to meet Bennie who throws her in the back of a van with Reinaldo and drives her to see his mother who is in charge of the whole operation: they buy and sell illegal pirated DVDs and CDs. Roxy finds Bennie's limo and retrieves Jane's day planner, but finds Trey locked in the trunk. They both rush to the building where Jane is meant to give her speech, while Jane fends off Bennie and escapes once again and then runs into Jim who gives her a ride to the same place. When they arrive, Roxy pretends to be Jane so she can give a speech on time, but drops the prompt cards beforehand and has to make it up on the spot, which confuses the judges. The head judge is Senator Hudson McGill (Darrell Hammond), the man from the train and the taxi, alongside Trey's mother, Senator Anne Lipton. Jane turns up just in time who tries to explain what their day has been like and the reason for why she wasn't there. Suddenly, Max intervenes who tries to arrest Roxy and Bennie appears who tries to kidnap Jane, but they both exploit his illegal doings and he is arrested by Max. Knowing she has no opportunity to give her speech, Jane leaves with Roxy. Outside, Hudson McGill catches up to Jane who found her prompt cards and gives her a college scholarship to Oxford, because she didn't just want to win, she absolutely refused to fail. Months later, Roxy is in the studio recording with her band, watched by Jane, Trey and Jim, who celebrate all together.
The Cookout	American	comedy	Lance Rivera	When Todd Anderson (played by Quran Pender) has just signed a $30 million contract with his hometown basketball team the New Jersey Nets, he purchases many new luxuries for himself and his family including a new house in a well established, high class neighborhood for him and his gold digging girlfriend Brittany (played by Meagan Good). Keeping with family tradition, he decides to host a regular family reunion cookout in his new place, however, not planning for it to clash with an important business meeting for an endorsement deal. Meanwhile, Bling Bling (played by Ja Rule) is jealous that Todd has made it with his basketball contract after being insulted and embarrassed in front of the neighborhood when Todd did not recognize who he was. He plans to get many pairs of sneakers signed by the upcoming star to sell on eBay and become rich. Whilst on his way to Todd's new house, he crashes his car due to his clumsy friend and then tries to steal a new Mercedes from a car park without realizing the car belongs to Todd's girlfriend Brittany. After finding out he holds her at gunpoint and forces her to drive him there. Although the meeting is scheduled to take place in the morning, and the guests are to arrive in the afternoon, one by one members of Todd's eccentric family begin to arrive before expected disrupting his business interview. The neighbors are drawn to the cookout, and Todd is concerned mainly about his image, as his family's antics are making a poor impression on his neighbors. When Bling Bling and his criminal sidekick invade the cookout so they can get Todd's autograph, the ensuing chaos makes Todd realize how much he needs his family. He realizes that he loves the family for the way they are and gets a shock by the endorsement interviewer. Todd breaks up with Brittney and marries Becky and scored 26 points in his debut in New Jersey.
Crazy, Stupid, Love.	American	comedy	Glenn Ficarra and John Requa	Cal Weaver is a middle-aged man who is told by his wife Emily that she has cheated on him with a co-worker, David Lindhagen, and wants a divorce. After moving into his own apartment, Cal goes to a bar night after night, talking loudly about his divorce, until he attracts the attention of a young man named Jacob Palmer, a womanizer who beds different women each night, although a young woman named Hannah has recently rejected his advances. Jacob takes pity on Cal, and offers to teach him how to pick up women. Using Jacob's teachings, Cal seduces Kate at the bar. After the encounter, Cal manages to successfully seduce other women in the bar. He sees Emily again at their son 13 year old Robbie's parent-teacher conference. The interaction goes well until they discover that Robbie's teacher is Kate, who reveals to Emily that she and Cal have slept together. Cal then confesses to sleeping with nine women since their separation. Emily leaves in disgust and begins actively dating David. Meanwhile, Hannah, a recent law school graduate, is expecting her boyfriend Richard to propose marriage while they celebrate her passing the bar exam, but he does not, instead, offering her a position at his law firm. Offended and hurt, Hannah returns to the bar where she originally rejected Jacob's advances and kisses Jacob passionately. The two return to Jacob's home to have sex, but end up talking to each other all night and making a connection. Jacob starts a relationship with Hannah, and he becomes distant from Cal. At the same time, Robbie makes numerous grand gestures to try to win the heart of his 17-year-old babysitter, Jessica Riley, who actually has a crush on Cal. On the advice of her classmate Madison, she takes nude photos with raunchy expressions of herself to send to Cal and tucks them away in an envelope inside her dresser drawer. Later, Emily calls Cal under the guise of needing help with the house's pilot light, but Cal sees through the ruse since he is secretly gardening at the hold house in the night and sees that Emily didn't really need any help. Realizing that she called just because she too was missing him, Cal decides to try and win her back. Meanwhile, Jacob returns Cal's calls and asks for advice about being in a real relationship and meeting his girlfriend's parents. Jessica's mother, Claire, friends with Emily, who dislikes Cal, discovers Jessica's naked photos in the dresser drawer and shows them to Jessica's father, Bernie. Bernie was Cal's best friend before Claire made him end their friendship in the aftermath of the breakup. Bernie rushes to the Weaver residence to confront him about the photos, with Jessica in pursuit. Cal and his kids create a makeshift mini golf set in their backyard to remind Emily of their first date. During the gathering, Jacob and Hannah show up at the house, and Hannah is revealed to be Cal and Emily's first daughter born to them right out of high school. Cal is appalled that Jacob is dating his daughter, and forbids her to see him. At that moment, Bernie shows up and attacks Cal. Jessica arrives and tells her father that Cal knew nothing of the pictures. Then David arrives on the scene to return Emily's sweater from a previous date. Jacob asks David if his name is Lindhagen and when David replies yes, Jacob punches him in the face for the pain he caused Cal. Cal, Jacob, David, and Bernie then get into a scuffle which is soon broken up by the police. Cal starts spending time at the bar again and receives a visit from Jacob, who confesses that he is in love with Hannah. Cal replies that he is happy that Jacob is a changed man but does not approve of Jacob and Hannah's relationship, having seen Jacob's former lifestyle. Jacob resigns without harboring any ill feelings; rather, he expresses his respect for Cal and praises him for being a great father. At Robbie's eighth grade graduation, Robbie is the salutatorian and gives a pessimistic speech about how he no longer believes in true love and soul-mates. Cal stops him and instead begins to recount his courtship with Emily to the audience, saying that, while he does not know if things will work out, he will never give up on Emily. With renewed faith, Robbie reaffirms his love for Jessica, to the audience's applause. After the ceremony, Cal gives Jacob and Hannah his blessing. Jessica gives Robbie an envelope containing the nude photos of herself that were originally intended for Cal to get him through high school. Cal and Emily have a laugh talking about the events that have transpired the past year, hinting that they might get back together.
Money Ratnam	Malayalam	comedy	Santhosh Nair	Neil John Samuel is a showroom executive in Ernakulam. After the New Year party, fortunately Neel gets a bag of money. With the money, Neil reaches a village in Tamil Nadu. Four people with an intention to buy diamonds also arrive at the same spot. All are connected with the cash which is in the hands of Neil.
Are Crooks Dishonest?	American	comedy	Gilbert Pratt	Con artists Harold (Harold Lloyd) and Snub (Snub Pollard) try to con the not easily outwitted Miss Goulash (Bebe Daniels) and her father.
The Wedding Date	American	comedy	Clare Kilner	Kat Ellis (Debra Messing) is a single New Yorker who returns to her parents' house in London to be the maid of honor at her younger half sister Amy's (Amy Adams) wedding. The best man is none other than her former fiancé, who unexpectedly dumped her two years ago. Anxious about confronting him and eager to impress him, she hires suave escort Nick Mercer (Dermot Mulroney) to pose as her boyfriend. Kat intends to make her former flame, Jeffrey (Jeremy Sheffield), jealous, but her plan backfires when Nick convinces everyone, including her, that they are madly in love. Kat then feels herself, too, falling for Nick as he slowly falls for her. The night before the wedding, Kat discovers Amy slept with Jeffrey when they were still together, and that Jeffrey dumped Kat because he believed he was in love with Amy. Nick had discovered this fact a day earlier, and when Kat finds that out, she feels betrayed from all sides, and puts Nick off. He decides to return to America, and leaves Kat the money she had paid him. On the wedding day, seeing Kat distressed, her step-father (Peter Egan) asks Kat if Nick 'is the guy for you', and Kat realizes he is, so she sets off to find him. Meanwhile, just before the wedding, Amy confesses her betrayal to her fiancé, Ed (Jack Davenport), but professes her love for him. Ed, upset, chases Jeffrey out of the church and down the road. Jeffrey in distress of the chase, said he gave up on Amy and believes he's done nothing wrong. To which Ed, calls him a back-stabbing weasel, though Jeffrey believes he's still done nothing wrong because he slept with Amy before they dated. Ed shouts out that he was engaged to Kat, proving he was still in the wrong for what he did to Kat. Nick, driving away, picks up Ed as Jeffrey disappears into the woods. Nick and Ed talk about love, and Ed decides he loves Amy more than he is angry. To make it more clear that he should go back, Nick tells Ed if he went back the couple would end up having great make-up sex. To which, Nick helps urge him more to return to the church, so they end up getting married, with Nick as 'new' best man. Just before the ceremony, Nick tells Kat he realized he'd ... rather fight with you than make love with anyone else, and they kiss passionately. Kat and Nick begin a real relationship together. Amy and Kat now reconcile and Kat lets go of her anger and forgives Amy since she confessed the truth to Ed. TJ, Kat's cousin also apparently enjoys a moment with Woody after the wedding. Jeffrey, the main cause of all the trouble, learns absolutely nothing. At the end he is seen trying to get the attentions of a female neighbor.
Cyrus	American	comedy	Jay and Mark Duplass	Jamie (Catherine Keener) informs her ex-husband John (John C. Reilly) that she is getting married. Even though they have been apart for seven years, the news devastates John, who was already depressed. At a party the next night, John gets more and more drunk until he ends up urinating in the bushes, where Molly (Marisa Tomei) strikes up a conversation. Molly goes back to John's house but leaves during the night, after they have had sex. Molly returns for dinner the next night, and again leaves after they have had sex. John follows her to her house and falls asleep in his car. The next morning, he approaches the house and meets Molly's 21-year-old son Cyrus (Jonah Hill). Cyrus invites John inside and makes friendly conversation with him. Molly is startled to see John in her house when she returns, but the trio have dinner together. John is unnerved by the unnatural intimacy between Molly and Cyrus. The next morning, John cannot find his shoes, which he had left in the living room. Through the day, he gets increasingly disturbed by their disappearance and starts to worry that Cyrus is messing with him. He ropes Jamie into meeting Molly and Cyrus, in order to appraise his paranoia. Jamie finds Cyrus sweet, if a little overly intimate with his mother. Relieved, John returns for another night at Molly's home. As they begin to have sex for the first time in her house, Cyrus screams in his room, and Molly runs to comfort him. She does not return to John, who goes out looking for her in the middle of the night. He encounters Cyrus holding a large kitchen knife, allegedly making a snack. Cyrus says he had a night terror, and that Molly has gone to sleep. He then advises John to back off on the relationship because he is scaring off Molly. John leaves a note for her and goes home. In the morning, Cyrus sits Molly down and tells her that John had confessed to him that she was coming on too strong. When she presses Cyrus for details, he explodes in a tantrum and storms off, checking through the window to make sure that she is upset. When Cyrus finally comes home, he explains that he has rented a room and will be moving out. After a few happy days alone together, John decides to move in with Molly. One night, as they begin to have sex, Cyrus surprises them and says that he has had another panic attack and wants to return home. John confronts Cyrus privately, and Cyrus admits that he has been deliberately sabotaging their relationship. He moves back home, and John remains wary of him. The night before Jamie's wedding, he warns Cyrus not to cause trouble. At the wedding however, Cyrus is hurt when he sees how the event stirs romantic feelings between John and his mother. Drunk, he confronts John in the bathroom and attacks him, yelling that John will not take his mother away from him. As John defends himself, they spill out of the bathroom, into open view. Cyrus makes it look like John attacked him. John advises Molly to open her eyes, and storms off furious. Later, Molly believes John's explanation, but John will not continue the relationship, convinced that Cyrus will sabotage it and that he will end up alone in a few years. He moves into a cheap apartment. Molly confronts Cyrus about his behavior, and describes how unhealthy their intimacy has become. Cyrus reconsiders his position and visits John, begging him to come back. John opens his door to see Cyrus crying, and they reconcile. John takes Cyrus home and decides to continue his relationship with Molly.
Pistols for Breakfast	American	comedy	Alfred J. Goulding	A young man (Fay) goes out to eat breakfeast with his friend (Harrison). As a restaurant regular with a pistol threatens to eat everyone's bacon, the two friends flee.
Mar Jawan Gur Khake	Punjabi	comedy	Aditya Sood	Jimmy (Jimmy Sharma) and Rocky (Tarun Khanna) are two enemies who are involved in fights/brawls daily. They both fall in love with Mahek (Gunjan Walia) who is already in love with a secret-gangster Karan (Aman Verma). When Karan gets arrested and put in jail by Inspector (Ghurpreet Ghuggi), Mahek's father, a bigger don that Karan asks Rocky and Jimmy to rescue him, although the two lovers do not know that Mahek and Karan would get married. When they rescue him and take him back, they seem to find out the truth and Mahek also finds out about Karan's real crime identity. When Karan shoots Jimmy, he survives but goes to the hospital. That is when Mahek tells him that she actually loves Rocky. Karan then gets arrested. The film ends with Rocky and Mahek getting married, as Jimmy comes to wish them.
Pearls Bring Tears	British	comedy	Manning Haynes	Madge Hart (Dorothy Boyd) borrows a pearl necklace to wear to a dance, but then accidentally breaks it. She is further concerned because the pearls were only on loan to her husband as security for a business deal. Madge then rushes the necklace to be repaired, but when it is stolen, further panic ensues.
Getting Played	American	comedy	David Silberg	The film centers around three very attractive women who, after having many guy troubles themselves, decide to play a prank on a random man. Their goal is to seduce the man while catching the whole sequence on tape and ultimately humiliating him with the footage. Their plan runs into some snags, as the man they choose to prank knows what they are trying to do to him. A man named Mark Sellers (Bill Bellamy) then has sex with Andrea Collins (Vivica A. Fox) and Lauren (Carmen Electra) while they video tape the intercourse's, only for him to change both tapes. He then goes on a date with Emily (Stacey Dash) only to fall in love with her after finding that they both have a lot in common and they look good together. In the end, they admit everything to each other, and after five minutes of begging, disturbing a couple eating dinner who they think that they are on a hidden camera show, decide to forgive each other and start out clean and honest.
Camp Takota	American	comedy	Chris Riedell	Elise Miller (Grace Helbig) is a twenty-something publishing assistant who is engaged to Jeff Sanford (Chester See), and just finished her first book, which is said to include unrequited love and the Loch Ness Monster. At work, Elise accidentally sees her boss, Celia Burrows (Rachel Quaintance), making out with Walker Paige (Sawyer Hartman), of the hit Midnight Moonlight series. Her friend Manda (Megan Duffy) takes some photos of the two, which Elise accidentally uploads to the book's Facebook page; this blunder costs Elise her job. She returns home, only to find out that Jeff has been cheating on her, so she returns to her old apartment. She gets drunk, and calls Sally Meister (Ellen Karsten), the head camp counselor of Elise's old camp, Camp Takota, whom she met earlier again after eight years, and tells her that she's going back to camp. The next morning, Elise wakes up realizes what she has done, and decides to head to camp anyway. Arriving with the Fefferman family, including their young daughter Penny, Elise finds that her old friends and former Takota campers, Maxine Reynolds (Mamrie Hart) and Allison Henry (Hannah Hart), now work at the camp. As the newest camp counselor, Elise has her hands full handling the campers, as she isn’t interested in the whole camp experience. When she snaps on the campers in her class, after they find the letters Jeff has been sending her to win her back, Maxine invites her to her home with Allison later that night. Elise reveals what's been going on, with work, her ex-fiancée, and wishes that she was more like a happier version of herself. As the three party, Elise spots Allison's acceptance letter from the Chicago Chef's Institute, then is startled by the appearance of Eli (Chris Riedell), the two girls' friend who works as a farmer. Giving her a lift back to camp, she finds that Eli had an ex-wife who cheated on him, and an attraction builds. The camp is visited by Jared Meister (John Milhiser), Sally's son, and his assistant Kyle (Jason McNichols), who want to turn Camp Takota into a more digital camp, because Takota has been losing business. Maxine soon gets confirmation from Sally that the camp will be closing after this summer, unless at least 50% of the campers pre-register for next year. She tells the news to Allison, Elise, and Chet (Cameron Britton), the camp's handyman, and they all agree to try to save the camp. However, Elise gets a call from Celia, who offers her her job back because the photos that were uploaded gave the Midnight Moonlight sales a huge boost, and agrees to publish her book if she arrives tomorrow morning. Elise takes up the offer, telling Maxine and Allison the news, which gets them into a heated argument because Maxine knows this isn't what Elise wants. Elise ends up revealing that Maxine is only saving the camp so she can get her promotion, and Allison got a career offer, and doesn't want Maxine to know because she is a control freak. Elise asks Eli for a ride to the train station, but he refuses because she's not just leaving Takota, she’s also leaving him, so she asks Chet for a ride. Allison talks to Maxine, revealing that she wanted to leave but was afraid of her reaction, but Maxine confesses that all she wants is for Allison to go and be happy. Elise sits at the bus station, and thinks about the camp and her friends, and soon returns. At the camp's final day, which is also Visitor's Day for parents; Elise, Maxine, and Allison put on a dance number. Later that night, Jared reveals the plan to replace Camp Takota, to which Maxine gives a tearful explanation over why they shouldn't allow that to happen. She then introduces Eli to the campers, who is also revealed to be a writer just like Elise, and tells a ghost story to them. Suddenly, Jeff interrupts and demands Elise to come home with him, but she refuses, with Jeff fighting Eli when she reveals he is her boyfriend. Jeff leaves in shame, and the night's events lead to 60% of the campers to pre-register for the next summer the next day, thus saving the camp. With the mission a success, the three girls sit and look out in the sunset before leaving. One year later, Maxine is the new head camp counselor at Takota; Allison is now in a culinary school training to be a chef in Chicago, and Elise and Eli are together, with Elise finally achieving success with her new book, Cabin Fever, all about Camp Takota, featuring a character resembling Penny.
Oru Vadakkan Selfie	Malayalam	comedy	G. Prajith	Umesh (Nivin Pauly) is a 21 year old carefree engineering student, who has 42 back papers to clear. His close pals are Shaji (Aju Varghese) and Thankaprasad (Neeraj Madhav). Wanting to find a quick way to earn money and fame, he decides to try his hand at movies, and wants to assist none other than the renowned South-Indian director Gautham Vasudev Menon. His friend Shaji suggests that he make a short film and upload it on the internet. But the result is utter failure, after losing the camera in an accident. Umesh's father (Vijayaraghavan) orders him to help him to run his small shop. To avoid such a bleak future, Umesh catches the next train to Chennai,from his home town of Thalassery, Kannur. On the train, he sees Daisy (Manjima Mohan), his neighbour back home. Umesh tries to woo Daisy throughout the journey, but miserably fails. He lies to his friends that they are having an affair, tricks her into posing for a selfie with him, and sends it to Shaji. After spending 6 days in Chennai, realising that he is not cut out for the struggle to enter the film industry, he returns to his town in Thalassery where he finds a slew of people waiting for his return. He learns that his hometown is hot with news of his elopement with Daisy! The selfie clicked by him had created a big problem among his family and neighbours.He finds out that Shaji had been the one who told them. He returns to Chennai immediately with Shaji to find her and prove his innocence, where they meet a Private Detective Jack Tracker (Vineeth Sreenivasan),with whom he had fought earlier with, when chasing Daisy. With the help of Jack, Umesh finds Daisy and later it is revealed that she is in love with a man called Hari Narayan (Unni Mukundan) and wants to marry him. She also tells them that she had known him and communicated through social media like Facebook and e-mails but had never met him. Later, Umesh, Daisy, Shaji and Jack set out to find Hari Narayan and they travel to his hometown Pazhani. The gang later manages to go to Hari's house with the help of a farmer,who is also a Keralite. It is revealed that Hari had committed suicide one year before as his friend and business partner, John Mathew Bhaskar had cheated him in their business venture. John then used Hari's online accounts to cheat others. Jack then reveals that he is an officer from Tamil Nadu CBCID (Crime Branch Crime Investigation Department) economic investigation wing and he did all this to find the brain behind the online money fraud. He also says that the true intention of the guy in the Internet is to cheat young women and steal their money. After the set of confusions being cleared Umesh, Daisy and Shaji go back to Kerala. A few months later Umesh meets Nivin at a resort where he says Umesh that the cybercell group had found the real culprit, John Mathew Bhaskar (Bobby Simha). Nivin then lets Umesh to vent out his anger on John for cheating innocent girls as what he did to Daisy. Umesh is then shown walking to a nearby table and asking whether the man sitting there is John Bhaskar. The movie ends with the man answering yes and Umesh hitting him over the head with a bottle.
The Man Who Loved Redheads	British	comedy	Harold French	Young peer and junior member of the Foreign Office Mark St. Neots (John Justin) is obsessed with the memory of Sylvia (Moira Shearer), a 16-year-old redhead he met at a party as a boy, and vowed he would love forever. Now older and respectably married, Mark still retains his image of the beautiful young girl with the red hair, and spends the rest of his life searching for her, through a string of casual affairs.
Amar Akbar Anthony	Malayalam	comedy	Nadirshah	Faizal (Asif Ali), born and bred Kochi bike-stunt artist, gets injured during one of his bike stunts and gets hospitalised. He is admitted in the general ward, and there he meets other patients and begins to chat to know each other. His ward mates queries how he fell. Faizal explains the reason by narrating a story about his three best friends Amar (Prithviraj), Akbar (Jayasurya) and Anthony (Indrajith). Amar, Akbar and Anthony lives in a slum area in Fort Kochi, three of them are from lower-middle-class families. Amar is children's mini-kart driver in a shopping mall and is a lecher with a number of unsuccessful loves. Other than him he has four members in his family. His father Ramanan (Sasi Kalinga) is a security officer of a roadside ATM counter, his mother (K. P. A. C. Lalitha) is an expanding colony marriage broker and Resmiya (Srinda Ashab), an orphan women who lives together in their house with her daughter Fathima/Pathumma (Baby Meenakshi) after her husband flees away with her gold ornaments, for the marriage was arranged by Amar's mother. Akbar is a handicap due to Poliomyelitis. His father (Abu Salim) is a body builder and a Mr. Cochin winner and is still preparing for competitions, while his mother (Bindu Panicker) is the home-maker. Anthony works as a pizza delivery staff in a mall. He was adopted by his father (Pradeep Kottayam) when found left alone inside a movie theatre as a new born child. Three of them have a common enemy 'Nallavanyana Unni' (Ramesh Pisharody) aka Unni whom their parents consider as a standard benchmark to compare them. Apart from their usual work they occasionally work as catering service boys for marriages and other functions under Rejimon (Saju Navodaya). Rejimon loves to talk about the disasters occurred in others life and revels in them. His grandmother (Molly Kannamaly), a septuagenarian who have found freedom through mobile phone and engage in several social networking sites. She even once made Amar fall in love with her through Facebook chatting, through one of her fake profile as a young girl studying in standard twelve. All the three have a crush towards Jenny (Namitha Pramod), their neighbour and a dance-bar/cinematic performer. The three amigos have an ambition to go for a tour at Pattaya beach in Thailand with the immoral intend to score with women and flirt with modern lively girls. For this they save money from their monthly salary. For the trip they plans to save ₹25,000, to get the visa and ticket through Faizal. But every year when they manage to collect the required money, there will be some unexpected issues forcing to spend that money, each time. This time Amar's father was met with an accident (for which the cash was spend). He was saved timely by Ambulance driver Jadaayu Sabu (Kalabhavan Shajon) with whom the trio becomes friendly. Jenny reveals her love interest to Akbar. Later, Gentleman Unni gets arrested for illegally growing and selling marijuana. Meanwhile, Rejimon's grandmother passes away. As colony association annual day nears, the colony members gets ready for carnival programs which includes Jeni orchestrated dance program and Fathima's solo song. The inebriated trio make a fight during the festival because Akbar finds the man who punched him in a car park. During the chaos, Fathima goes missing. The next day, a boy comes to the family to inform that Fathima's body was found in a dump. Police verifies that similar girls under the age ten are missing from surrounding area and several of their abused dead-body is found in various places. Police suspect a habitual pedophile Bengali who was convicted for similar charges in Bengal and might have relocated with the migrant working community to Cochin, after his release. Identity of this man is confirmed by the trio and they find him. However, before invoking their final vengeance they are intervened by the Police and to their shock are informed that it wasn't the Bengali who killed their Fathima but the colony's beloved Sir (V. K. Sreeraman), he was outed by a victim of his pedophilic abuse. Both the Bengali and the Sir are brutally murdered as a social justice and cleansing of the community by the people of the colony. The police knowing the legal protection that these criminals would have turns a blind-eye condoning to the people's justice. Faizal, ends his story with this and ward mates sympathize with his story and reminds him that he didn't tell how this story is related to his broken leg. It is revealed that Faizal was their travel agent for Pattaya tour and the trip for ₹25,000 was a lie for him to get ₹25,000 and it had resulted in his accident that broke his leg as the proverb says If the dumb is cheated by the miser, the miser gets cheated by God. Later the trio are shown donating a prime share of their money to Child Save Social Work Projects and the much alluded secret song that Anthony uses to make women fall flat in love with him is disclosed as the anti-popular meme of the song Puthiya Mukham.
The Time of His Life	British	comedy	Leslie S. Hiscott	When newly released prisoner Mr. Pastry (Richard Hearne) comes home to stay, he proves an embarrassment to his social climbing daughter Lady Florence (Ellen Pollock). As president of the society for the rehabilitation of ex-convicts, she attempts to hide the fact her father is an ex-con. She locks Mr. Pastry in his bedroom, and even plots to have him sent to Australia. But Lady Florence's children see Mr. Pastry differently, and he helps them through a problem, prompting even his daughter to see Mr. Pastry in a new light.
Danny Deckchair	Australian	comedy	Jeff Balsmeyer	Danny Morgan (Ifans) works as a concrete maker driver and construction worker who lives in a big Australian city with his girlfriend but is unhappy with his life. Danny yearns for the simple life while girlfriend Trudy (Clarke) fantasizes about bright lights and fast times. While Danny plans for their annual camping trip, Trudy tells him she has to work, so the trip is off. In reality, Trudy is using her work connections at a local real estate agency to set up a meeting with a handsome local sports reporter, Sandy Upman (Muldoon). Danny sees them together while he's shopping for a weekend barbecue, leaving him even more disenchanted with their relationship. During the barbecue in his backyard, Danny, being an inventive character, ties a bunch of helium-filled balloons to his deckchair as his friends hold him down. When they inadvertently let go, Danny is set on an airborne adventure across Australia, which causes him to become a national sensation. As he floats over idyllically beautiful rural landscapes, totally foreign to the concrete structures of his discontent, he appears on the verge of some enlightenment. After he's beaten up in a rugged ride through a thunderstorm, fireworks from a small town's macadamia festival burst his balloons. Danny lands in a tree in Glenda's front yard as the remnants of his chair float away. Glenda (Otto), who was watching the fireworks from her front porch, sees Danny fall into the tree but doesn't see the deckchair. As firemen and townsfolk arrive to find out if the fireball caused any damage, they see Glenda helping a disheveled Danny. Glenda tells them that Danny is an old professor from college days and takes him into her house, which belonged to her parents. As he recovers from the harrowing end to his journey, the lonely Glenda, fascinated by the strapping Danny, doesn't press him about his past. Danny doesn't help matters by offering only vague explanations about his origins and unorthodox arrival in the town of Clarence. As Danny explores the town, Glenda's friends wonder about their past relationship, but they are quickly won over by Danny's whimsical ways. This was easy to accomplish as Glenda's friends are just happy to see that the withdrawn, and sometimes depised, traffic officer is with someone special. Using his easy-going manner, Danny persuades Glenda to dress-up and go with him to the harvest ball. She gives him some nice clothes (formerly her father's) to wear to the ball. After Danny looks in the mirror, he shaves his beard and trims his hair. At the ball and around town, Danny's mysterious past, detached demeanour and off-the-wall ideas make him an instant hit with the townsfolk. His ideas that were considered hair-brained in the big city seem fresh in the small town of Clarence, and he is hired to become the manager of an aspiring politician's campaign. As they spend time together at Glenda's house, Danny finds her father's old motorcycle, which for sentimental reasons Glenda keeps in the shed. After she shows Danny pictures of her parents on the motorcycle exploring the country, Danny fixes up the old motorcycle when Glenda is at work. All the while, the big city media can't get enough coverage of Danny's disappearance, constantly broadcasting interviews of his friends, family and co-workers. Trudy takes up with the sports reporter (Muldoon), who sees covering Danny's story and Trudy's suffering as a way to the top. Back in Clarence, Danny is forging a deep connection with Glenda. But their budding relationship is not viewed by everyone in town as all peaches-and-cream. Their flirtations arouse jealousy and suspicion in Glenda's male co-worker, the town's police supervisor, who busts them for speeding when they take Glenda's motorcycle out for a ride. But nothing fazes Danny as he continues to immerse himself in his ideal world. He even goes so far as to give a stirring speech at a political rally, and he is asked by some of the townsfolk to run for office. All caught up in the dizzying events surrounding the political rally, Glenda and Danny spend the night together. He wakes reveling in his new soul-mate, gets dressed in a haze of happiness and steps outside onto Glenda's porch to greet the dawn of his perfect new life. However, local kids have found and reported the deck chair causing Danny's past to come crashing down upon him in a torrent of media frenzy. As a shocked Glenda emerges from her house to see what all the noise is about, she spots Danny running down the street with a crowd in hot pursuit. Just then, Trudy and Upman drop down in a news helicopter and land in the street in front of Glenda's yard, stopping Danny dead in his tracks. Trudy reclaims Danny amidst an explosion of camera flashes to take him back to the big city, where she can bask in his new-found fame. As his half-truths become uncovered in the stark light of media exposure, Glenda rails against Danny as he's whisked away. Although she is angry at being deceived by Danny, his departure brings Glenda to the stark realization that she has been deceiving herself as well. She finally admits to herself that her life is at a dead end and she decides it's time for a change. Meanwhile, unhappily plugged back into his old job and with Trudy trying to capitalize on his fame, the deep changes within Danny that happened in Clarence make city life all the more unbearable. Danny confronts Trudy, tells her it's over and uses the connections his media storm have forged to get on a military plane to win Glenda back. Back in Clarence, Glenda has finished packing up her motorcycle and is saying goodbye to her friends. Just then, Danny parachutes out of the plane over Clarence and crash-lands in the tree in front of Glenda's house as she's starting to leave on her motorcycle. At first, Glenda appears excited to see Danny; but immediately she starts yelling that he can't just drop in and everything will be all right. Glenda resolutely drives off before Danny can convince her how much he needs her and his new life in the town of Clarence. Dragging his parachute, Danny runs after her, shouting that he'll do whatever it takes to get back together. As she drives away, Danny's parachute cord gets caught on the back of the motorcycle and he is lifted into the air. As Glenda glances into her mirror for one last look at her old life, she notices Danny flying behind her and stops the bike. As he comes down, Danny and Glenda get entangled in the parachute, wordlessly embrace and kiss. As the movie ends, Danny and Glenda, in their bathrobes, symbolically float upward in deck chairs as they talk about their future plans.
Get Hard	American	comedy	Etan Cohen	James King is an extremely wealthy hedge fund manager at Barrow Funds, run by Martin Barrow. He is engaged to Barrow's daughter Alissa. James has come to know Darnell Lewis, a car wash attendant who accidentally frightened James in a parking lot. Darnell and Rita are trying to put their daughter Makayla in a better school, away from the bad neighborhood they live in. During an engagement party for James and Alissa, the FBI arrive and arrest James for fraud and embezzlement. James' lawyer, Peter Penny, urges him to go for a guilty plea and a likely short sentence, but James refuses and insists that he will be exonerated. Instead, James is found guilty and sentenced to ten years in San Quentin State Prison, with only 30 days to get his affairs in order. Though forbidden from crossing county lines, James wants to flee the country with Alissa, but she dumps him. James encounters Darnell and, assuming he has been incarcerated before because he is black, begs him for help and agrees to pay him $30,000 to toughen him up for prison. Darnell, who has little idea of how to act tough, trains James by pepper-spraying him, trying to get him to develop a mad dog face, and creating scenarios in which James must defend himself, but all of these efforts fail miserably. During the training, James gets in touch with Barrow and says he is getting help. Barrow, the actual crook, thinks James is onto him and orders a hitman named Gayle to monitor him. With no sign that James is toughening up, Darnell figures that James should be prepared in other ways for prison and takes him to a gay hookup spot for James to learn how to perform oral sex in prison. James can't go through with it and tells Darnell that he will keep going and do whatever it takes to get hard. James starts to work out harder and faster, makes shivs, and learns keistering (smuggling contraband in the anus). Darnell simulates a prison raid with help from James' domestic staff. In the chaos, James gets a shiv stuck in his head, so Darnell takes James to his home for Rita to treat it. He has dinner and listens to Darnell make up a story of how he went to prison, which is just a retelling of Boyz n the Hood. James and Darnell resolve for James to join a local gang called the Crenshaw Kings to gain protection in prison. However, Darnell's cousin Russell, the gang leader, rebuffs James and redirects him to the Alliance of Whites gang. James is unable to be a convincing racist, leading the gang to think he is a cop, but Darnell rescues him by bursting in with a flamethrower. Darnell and James finally deduce that Barrow is the crook. They sneak into his office and find the embezzlement records on Barrow's computer. Unfortunately, Gayle finds them and takes back the computer, while informing James that Darnell has never been in prison. Dejected, James returns to the Crenshaw Kings on his own. They accept him and order him to kill someone as their initiation. Darnell arrives in time to convince James to expose Barrow. The two sneak onto Barrow's yacht to retrieve the computer, only to come across Gayle and his men. James unleashes a series of capoeira moves on them before Barrow and Alissa arrive, both confessing to the fraud and embezzlement, a scheme that also included Peter. They try to convince James to run away with them, but he turns them down and heads to a life raft with Darnell. When Gayle shoots the life raft, James pulls out a gun he had keistered and aims it at Gayle. U.S. Marshals suddenly appear, summoned by the ankle monitor that James triggered, having worn it past the county line. Barrow's computer provides the evidence needed to clear James. Barrow, Gayle, Alissa, and Barrow's men are taken away by the Marshals and James is cleared of all charges. However, he gets arrested for his unlicensed gun. Darnell's training helps James through his six-month prison sentence - something that Barrow is unprepared for as he is quickly attacked by inmates when his own lengthy San Quentin sentence begins. James spends his sentence helping the FBI retrieve all the assets that Barrow stole, while guiding Darnell's investments so that he and Rita are able to open their own carwash. As Darnell drives James home after his release, James announces his intent to celebrate his freedom with a Wall Street Journal and a forty, which he now considers a perfect Sunday.
Just William's Luck	British	comedy	Val Guest	William and his gang, The Outlaws investigate a haunted house.
National Lampoon's Van Wilder: The Rise of Taj	American	comedy	Mort Nathan	Taj Badalandabad (Kal Penn), the personal assistant to local hero Van Wilder, has just graduated Coolidge College and is now on his way to England's Camford University. Taj plans to follow in the footsteps of his father — not only by obtaining a degree, but also to become a member of an exclusive campus Fraternal Guild, the Fox and Hounds, where Taj hopes he will become the next generation of Badalandabads to be deservedly nicknamed the Sultan of Snatch. However, when Taj arrives at Camford, he is told by Pip Everett, the Earl of Grey (Daniel Percival), the arrogant leader of the Fox and Hounds, that there had been a mistake and he has actually not been accepted into the Fraternal Guild. Heartbroken, Taj, with his faithful bulldog Ballzac in tow, instead takes the only housing opening available on campus and becomes the Head of House for a group of student misfits — Sadie (Holly Davidson), a gorgeous but foul-mouthed Cockney girl, Seamus (Glen Barry), an English-hating Irishman, Gethin (Anthony Cozens), a nerd, and Simon (Steven Rathman), a kid who rarely talks. Stuck with a band of misfits, Taj considers what Van Wilder would do in the same unpleasant situation, and in classic Van fashion he decides to take on the challenge and turn the house around. At the campus Society Inaugural Ball, Taj announces to the pompous crowd that he and his new friends are starting their own exclusive society — the Cock and Bulls. In addition, the Cock and Bulls declare that they are going to compete in the venerable Hastings Cup, an ongoing series of campus academic events and athletic competitions. Also, as part of his duties, Taj finds out that he will be a history teacher to his new friends and that his teaching supervisor will be Charlotte Higginson (Lauren Cohan), an English beauty who just happens to be dating Pip Everett. Taj is instantly attracted to Charlotte. Taj and Charlotte clash over Taj's unconventional teaching methods until Charlotte points out that his new friends are in danger of flunking out of school because their grades are so low. Taj takes Charlotte's challenge to heart and starts turning them around — their grades as well as their self-esteem. Meanwhile, much to the fury of Pip Everett, not only are the Cock and Bulls catching up to the Fox and Hounds in the Hastings Cup, but Taj and Charlotte are spending a lot of time together. Pip sets out to get rid of Taj by attempting to humiliate him at the Royal Literary Ball and then sabotaging Ballzac at the Camford Dog Show, but both cases backfire and Pip ends up the one embarrassed. Much to Pip's dismay, Taj and Charlotte are clearly falling in love and the Cock and Bulls are moving into a close second behind the Fox and Hounds. Pip decides to set up Taj and the Cock and Bulls by planting stolen test exams in their house. The plan works temporarily, and they are about to get expelled until Taj steps up and takes the blame for the theft — on the condition that his team are allowed to stay in school. The school Provost agrees to the terms, and Taj has to leave Camford. Angst-ridden, Charlotte tells Taj she never wants to see him again. The Cock and Bulls are now left to compete in the final event of the Hastings Cup without their courageous leader. But when Charlotte finds evidence that proves Taj's innocence, she and Taj rush to the Hastings Cup, just in time for Taj to compete against Pip in the final event — fencing. An angry and vengeful Pip makes sure that the fencing match degenerates into an all-out sword fight, but in the end, Taj defeats Pip and the Cock and Bulls win the Hastings Cup. Pip gets expelled for planting the exams while Taj and Charlotte happily begin a new life together.
The Love Guru	American	comedy	Marco Schnabel	Guru Pitka is the #2 Guru in the world, after Deepak Chopra. A flashback shows that Pitka was an orphan, taught by Guru Tugginmypudha. When the twelve year old Pitka announces he wants to become a Guru so that girls will love him, Tugginmypudha puts a chastity belt on him until he can learn that loving himself is more important than being loved by others. Pitka's dream is to become the number #1 Guru and appear on The Oprah Winfrey Show. He lives a charmed life with thousands of followers, including the celebrities Jessica Simpson, Val Kilmer and Mariska Hargitay. His teachings, which involve simplistic acronyms and plays on words, are displayed in PowerPoint slide shows. In Canada, Jane Bullard inherits the Toronto Maple Leafs hockey team, who are on a losing streak; her star player, Darren Roanoke, has been playing badly ever since his wife Prudence left him for the rival Los Angeles Kings player, Jacques Lè Cocq Grandè. Jane is a big fan of Pitka's, and offers to pay him $2 million to patch up Darren's marriage, so the team can win the Stanley Cup. Pitka's agent tells him that if he succeeds, Oprah will have him on her show. Pitka encourages the rival team to beat Darren up during a game, to distract him from his distress over his wife’s affair. Darren begins to play well but then gets suspended for the next two games after beating up Le Cocq, and hitting Coach Cherkov with a hockey puck. Later, Pitka has dinner with Jane. He tries to kiss her, only to hear a ding on his chastity belt. Upset when he tells her their love cannot be, she runs out. Pitka advises Darren to write an apology to Prudence, and fights off a rooster to deliver the letter. After they lose three games, Coach Cherkoff berates Jane and punches Pitka in the groin. He is only slightly injured from hitting the chastity belt but Pitka moans and drops to the ground. Pitka and Darren attempt a confrontation, but her invective ends up scaring both of them away. Pitka helps Darren realise that since his mother only showed him love when he succeeded he had grown to believe Prudence would only love him as long as he won. Pitka than drives himself and Darren to Niagra Falls for a Heart to Heart. With time running out, Pitka distracts Le Cocq with his idol, Celine Dion, then tells Prudence that Darren stood up to his mom, encouraging her to return to her husband. During the lead up to the final game, Le Cocq, having heard that Darren cannot play with his mother in the audience, gets her to sing the national anthem, causing Darren to flee. At the airport on his way to guest on Oprah, Pritka sees the news on television and defies his agent by going back to help Darren. After smoothing things over with his mother, Darren recovers until Le Cocq brags that Prudence prefers him in bed. Darren freezes and Pitka realizes he needs another distraction, which he provides by getting two elephants to have sex in the middle of the rink, in front of the live TV audience. Darren wakes up from his stupor and scores the winning goal. After the game, Pitka makes up with Jane and Coach Cherkov, then meets Deepak Chopra and decides that he is fine with being the first Guru Pitka instead of the next Deepak Chopra. Back in India, Guru Tugginmypudha tells Pitka that he has finally learned to love himself and removes Pitka's chastity belt, revealing there was a hook in the back. The film ends with Jane and Pitka dancing together in a Bollywood style number to a rendition of The Joker.
Ted 2	American	comedy	Seth MacFarlane	John Bennett has been divorced from Lori Collins for six months. Meanwhile, his best friend Ted, marries his girlfriend, Tami-Lynn. One year later, following a heated argument, they decide to have a child. As Ted can not have children, John agrees to help Ted find a sperm donor, They asked Sam J. Jones but he refuses due to a low sperm count. Then they try to unsuccessfully break into Tom Brady's house and steal his sperm. Ultimately, John offers to donate his sperm. Despite Ted and John's efforts, Tami-Lynn's historical drug use has rendered her infertile and the couple decide to adopt. As background checks are carried out, Ted brings his legal status as a person into question. The state authorities of Massachusetts declare Ted property rather than a person, resulting in the loss of his job at a grocery store - shortly after reassuring a customer that buying a box of Trix, as an adult, will not bring him to any harm. Furthermore, Ted's credit card and bank accounts are frozen while his marriage to Tami-Lynn is annulled. John suggests that they take the state to court, and their case is assigned to a novice lawyer pro-bono, Samantha Leslie Jackson. The three bond over their love of marijuana as they prepare to present the case. Meanwhile, Donny, Ted's life-long stalker and would-be abductor, is now employed as a janitor at the headquarters of toy company Hasbro, in New York City. He convinces the company CEO to hire an expert attorney to ensure that Ted maintains his status as property, therefore leaving him open to seizure by the firm to create more living teddy bears. Despite Samantha's best efforts, the court rules against Ted. Disheartened but desperate, the trio contact Patrick Meighan, a highly respected civil rights attorney, hoping he'll take the case and overturn the court's decision. Driving to Manhattan to meet him, Ted crashes into a hidden marijuana patch, where Samantha and John realize their attraction for each other. The next day, the trio meet Meighan, who is sympathetic to Ted's plight but ultimately refuses the case, as he believes he has not significantly contributed to humanity due to his juvenile slacker lifestyle. Ted, angry at the injustice and jealous of Samantha and John's new relationship, wanders off. Donny follows him as he wanders into the New York Comic-Con. Once inside, Donny attempts to kidnap Ted, who flees and contacts John for help. John and Samantha arrive at Comic-Con and search for Ted, arriving as Donny is about to cut him open. As they make their escape, Donny cuts the cables holding up a model of the USS Enterprise and it swings towards Ted. John pushes Ted out of the way, takes the hit, and is knocked unconscious. Ted identifies Donny and he is arrested. At the hospital, Samantha, Ted and Tami-Lynn rejoice when John recovers. Patrick Meighan decides to take the case, telling them he has been inspired by John's selflessness and Ted's emotions over his fallen friend. Meighan gets the ruling overturned by demonstrating that Ted is self-aware, that he feels complex emotions, and is capable of empathy. Outside the court, Ted re-proposes to Tami-Lynn. After they are re-married, Ted and Tami-Lynn, adopting the surname of Clubberlang, adopt a baby boy, whom they name Apollo Creed, while John and Samantha happily pursue their own relationship.
It's a Boy	British	comedy	Tim Whelan	On the eve of his society wedding, Dudley Leake and his best man James Skippett get drunk at his bachelor party. While in his cups Dudley confides to his friend about a brief fling he had with a woman just before the outbreak of the First World War in August 1914. The following morning they oversleep and are late for their wedding. While they are dressing themselves Joe Piper, a young man with a strong Northern accent, appears at the flat and claims to be Dudley's illegitimate son from his pre-war tryst. The two men reject his claim, and leave him in the care of Allister the butler and hurry off to the wedding only to discover they have arrived too late. The ceremony has been postponed as the bride's family have gone. They hurry round to the Bogle household to try and justify their behaviour to Mary Bogle and her stern father. Rather than explain about being drunk, they claim they were called to an urgent business meeting and spend the rest of the day trying to produce a famous author John Tempest who they claim will provide them with an alibi about their late arrival. Allister the butler, meanwhile, has been unable to prevent Joe Piper discovering about the wedding and he also heads to the Bogle household and begins demanding large sums of money from Dudley in exchange for keeping quiet about their relationship. Skippett then persuade Joe Piper to pretend to be Tempest unaware that in real life she is actually a woman, and one of the bride's guests at the wedding. They slowly dig themselves deeper and deeper into a hole, and the Bogles prepare to leave for a holiday in the South of France. Eventually, after both Piper and Skippett have dressed up as women and pretended to be Tempest, the Bogles agree that Dudley can marry her daughter only for Piper to reveal to them that he was Dudley's love child when he is not paid the blackmail money he demands. The wedding is saved, however, when a police inspector arrives and reveals that Piper's real father is not Dudley but rather Mr Bogle who had also had a fling with his mother in 1914.
The Walking Deceased	American	comedy	Scott Dow	A zombie outbreak is caused by a sushi chef not washing his hands before preparing a meal, gloveless, for homeless dumpster-divers. Twenty-nine days later, some zombies have taken up residence in a hospital; one named Romeo realizes his kind are slowly regaining humanity. He evades survivors Green Bay and Chicago (who is looking for porn); they meet idiotic Sheriff Lincoln (Dave Sheridan), who has woken from a coma; his son Chris accidentally hit a baseball at his head, and as a result, he mis-remembers Chris's name as Carl. After learning only LinkedIn remains on computers, Lincoln decides to search for his family; Green Bay and Chicago wish him luck, explaining their group resides in the mall. Lincoln mistakes a child and her father for clever zombies, killing them and taking their van. Romeo notices an attractive girl named Brooklyn with Green Bay and Chicago, falling for her. Green Bay likes Brooklyn as well, but is too stupid to realize that she hates him. Elsewhere, Super Survivor is taking out zombies. Lincoln investigates his home, finding a note from his son; they've taken shelter at his wife's workplace, a strip club. He finds Chris continued running the establishment for survivors (but is now foul mouthed). Due to the stupid patrons, a zombie infects Lincoln's wife Barbie, whom Chris kills. They head to the mall, meeting the other survivors: Harlem (Brooklyn's sister, whose thoughts appear as texts) and Darnell (who thinks his toy crossbow is real, and talks about rumors). Romeo arrives as well, along with zombies that followed him; he saves Brooklyn, who finds him attractive. Convincing everyone Romeo is not a threat, the group begins reorganizing. Ignoring voting, Lincoln and Chicago order the group to pack up to head to the farm, a haven free of zombies. They find the Safe Haven farm, owned by the elderly Reganites, whom the group thinks is hiding their daughter Isaac because she's a zombie. The group later meets Isaac, finding her uninfected; because her parents don't have any way to keep track of the outside world, they don't know about the infection. She keeps it secret, thinking her parents would have heartattacks. Isaac, Green Bay, Brooklyn, Chicago and Romeo get high on marijuana the next day, setting off fireworks that attract zombies. After Chris kills a zombie, Lincoln explains to the couple about the outbreak; however, this goes over their heads as they pay more attention to the drug use than the zombies, who they think are stoners. Harlem snaps at Darnell and Green Bay, revealing she is deaf and can read lips. Green Bay and Isaac take out zombies that make to the house, using weapons and mind-blowing questions. Out in the field, Darnell accidentally kills the Super Survivor with a gun, who followed the fireworks. Crushed with grief, Darnell ends up pinned by a zombie; Harlem shoots him in the head, sick of his idiocy. Brooklyn has Romeo bite her so they can be together, only to learn minutes later that a cure has been put in the water supply; she and Romeo spray water into their bite marks, curing them. Romeo admits that he finds Brooklyn attractive but bitchy. Using super soakers and the garden hose, the group spray the zombies with the cure; however, Lincoln still shoots live rounds at them until Chicago stops him. Later, the survivors and the cured have a party, where Chris finally kisses a happy Harlem; Chris also reverts to being kind. Romeo and Brooklyn make out, while Chicago has sex with a cured woman. Green Bay and Isaac head to her room for sex, only to hear the radio announce a meteor the size of Texas is heading to Earth.
Material Girls	American	comedy	Martha Coolidge	Tanzania Tanzie (Hilary Duff) and Ava (Haylie Duff) are two rich, spoiled Hollywood socialite sisters who enjoy material things such as shopping and dating, rather than caring about the family cosmetics company which was founded by their late father, Victor Manchetta (Philip Casnoff). Marchetta Cosmetics is run by co-founder and family friend Tommy Katzenbach (Brent Spiner). Tanzie plans to go to college in the future and Ava is planning to announce her engagement with fiancè Mic (Brandon Beemer). When a major media scandal involving the Marchette night cream causing disfigurement breaks, the girls and their father's reputation is destroyed, and Ava & Tanzie retreat to their mansion. Ava lights a cigarette and when an argument breaks out between the sisters, an accidental fire starts. Ava saves her father's watch & her engagement party dress while Tanzie saves their TiVo box which had recordings of her father talking about his cosmetics. They leave for a hotel but soon learn all their credit cards have been shut down, leaving the girls completely broke. They go and stay with their maid and close family friend Inez (María Conchita Alonso) in her small apartment. Their car gets stolen by two guys (Joel Madden and Benji Madden) whom they naively mistook for valets. The next morning, Ava and Tanzie take a bus to Ava's engagement party. They are refused entry & when their friend Etienne ignores them, the girls realize that their friends only liked them for their money. Ava's fiancé Mic gets his agent Sol (Larry Poindexter) to dump her, saying that she is now a 'liability.' Tommy plans to persuade the board of directors to sell Marchetta Cosmetics to their archrival Fabiella (Anjelica Huston). The girls are resigned to the fact that their company will be sold to Fabiella and are given 30 days until the stockholders meeting, when the deal will be made official. After Tanzie's love interest and the company's lab technician Rick (Marcus Coloma) helps them evade the press outside, Ava and Tanzie decide to become 'private investigators' and approach free legal clinic lawyer Henry (Lukas Haas) for help. He agrees, after initially refusing to help them as they are not 'underprivileged.' Determined to restore their father's reputation and the company he left as his legacy, the sisters are determined to expose the truth. Tanzie then rewatches a news broadcast on her TiVo and recognises a woman who accused Marchetta of leaving her disfigured, was also featured on an eczema documentary on KLAE. Tanzie goes to the KLAE offices dressed provocatively and flirts with the receptionist, who allows her access to the file room. She manages to get the address of the woman, before being arrested for fraud and trespassing. Ava has to pawn her dad's Rolex (her most treasured possession) to pay Tanzie's bail money after Henry helps her realise that family is more important than material things. The woman, Margo Thorness claims that Marchetta paid for her cosmetic surgery for the damage caused by Marchette Everdew night cream, but Ava & Tanzie learn from her neighbour that she has lied as she was born with a skin disease. The girls meet with the board of directors and successfully manage to clear the Marchetta name, by revealing that Tommy (their Fathers best friend and trustee of the company) was behind the scandal, as he had helped fabricate testimonials, and used money taken from the sisters personal bank accounts. Tommy is promptly fired by Ava. Six months later, the girls are seen running the company, with Ava as the new CEO and Tanzie studying while working as a chemist. Ava is now in a relationship with Henry, and Tanzie is now in a relationship with Rick.
Baggage Claim	American	comedy	David E. Talbert	Pathologically single, 30-something, flight attendant, Montana Moore (Paula Patton) is on a mission to get her overbearing, frequently married, mother (Jenifer Lewis) to stop pressuring her to get married. After being jilted by her only prospect (Boris Kodjoe) just as her younger sister, Sheree (Lauren London), becomes engaged, Montana and her friends (Adam Brody and Jill Scott) devise a plan to help her find a potential husband before Sheree's wedding. Over the course of 30 days, Montana flies all over the country (with the help of a colorful team of coworkers) hoping to reconnect with a litany of ex-boyfriends that include a misogynistic politician (Taye Diggs), an irresponsible entertainer (Trey Songz) and a commitment shy multi-billionaire (Djimon Hounsou). Though her quest to find a husband proves to be a disaster, Montana is oblivious to the developing romance with her longtime best friend (Derek Luke). However, on the night before the wedding, Sheree’s fiancé reveals that he doesn’t want to get married yet and that her mother was the one who pressured him to get married with Sheree right away. Once Montana realizes that she doesn't need a husband to live a fulfilling life, she finally stands up to her mother and gets her proposal from Mr. Wright.
The Guilt Trip	American	comedy	Anne Fletcher	Andy Brewster (Seth Rogen) is a UCLA-graduate organic chemist and inventor. He is attempting to get his environmentally friendly cleaning product, ScieoClean, in a major retail store. However, each retail store he visits dismisses him before he can end his pitch. After a disappointing sales pitch to K-Mart, he visits his mother, Joyce Brewster (Barbra Streisand), in New Jersey before leaving on a cross-country trip to Las Vegas, lying to her that his pitch ended well so she won't worry about him. While there she reveals to him that he was named after a boy she fell in love with in Florida named Andrew Margolis, whom she hoped would object to her marriage with Andy's father. However, he never did and she felt that she never mattered to him afterwards. After a little research, he finds Andrew Margolis is still alive and unmarried living in San Francisco. He invites his unknowing mother on the trip, claiming he wants to spend some time with her. The road trip quickly becomes hard for Andy as his mother continues to intervene in his life. After their car breaks down in Tennessee, Joyce calls Andy's ex-girlfriend Jessica (Yvonne Strahovski), whom Joyce insists Andy should get back together with, to pick them up. At a pregnant and married Jessica's house she reveals that Andy proposed to her before college and she turned him down, shocking Joyce, who believed Andy had trouble proposing to women. Andy is glum afterward and Joyce apologizes for calling Jessica, which Andy half-heartedly accepts. In Texas, Andy has a meeting with Costco executive Ryan McFeer (Brandon Keener) however Joyce stays at the meeting and criticizes the products bottling and name along with Ryan to the point that Andy snaps at him. At the motel that night a depressed Andy begins drinking and Joyce attempts to make up with him however Andy snaps at her, only to have Joyce snap back and leave for a nearby bar. Later Andy attempts to retrieve his mother but gets in a fight with a bar patron who attempts to stop her from leaving, receiving a black eye in the process. At a steak restaurant the next day the two exchange apologies and Andy reveals that he is failing at selling ScieoClean. Joyce enters a steak eating challenge where she is noticed by cowboy-styled businessman Ben Graw (Brett Cullen), who gives her tips on eating and helps her finish the challenge. Afterwards he reveals he does a lot of business in New Jersey and asks her to dinner. Joyce, who has never been in a relationship after Andy's dad died when he was eight, balks at the offer so Ben merely leaves his number and asks her to call if she reconsiders. Andy and Joyce begin to genuinely enjoy each other's company after, taking time out of their trip to visit the Grand Canyon (which Joyce has always wanted to visit) and having many other adventures. At Las Vegas, Joyce has such a good time that she asks Andy to leave her while he visits San Francisco, forcing him to reveal that there is no sales pitch in San Francisco and he only invited her to get her to meet Andrew Margolis. Joyce is very distraught as she believed Andy invited her because he actually wanted to spend time with her. He goes to make his pitch at the Home Shopping Network but finds that his science-fact based pitch bores the network's executives and makes them uninterested. He then sees Joyce in the filming crew and takes her advice by appealing to the Network's host family safety and drinking his own product, proving that it is organic and safe for children. Afterwards the Network CEO approaches him and shows genuine interest in selling ScieoClean on the Network. Later, a jubilant Andy and Joyce decide to visit Andrew Margolis's house. However, when they arrive they are informed by Andrew's son, Andrew Margolis Jr. (Adam Scott) (whom Andy mistakenly researched instead of the father) that his father died five years ago. After seeing Joyce's grief he invites them inside, where he learns that his father and Joyce were close. She asks if Andrew's father ever mentioned her, but he says he never did as he only confided personal information to their mother, who is away. However he then introduces his sister (Ari Graynor), who is named Joyce after Andy's mom. Joyce is overjoyed by this as she had previously stated her belief that you name your children after someone you cherished and want to remember. This shatters her belief that she didn't matter to Andrew and makes her overjoyed. Afterwards they part ways at the San Francisco Airport; Andy to make his next sales pitch and Joyce back to New Jersey, where she arranges a date with Ben Graw. The two leave content and much closer than they had been.
Just My Luck	American	comedy	Donald Petrie	The film follows the life of lucky and popular Ashley Albright (Lindsay Lohan) who has an extremely fortunate life and is always experiencing remarkable strokes of luck in contrast to the life of unlucky and unpopular Jake Hardin (Chris Pine), manager of McFly, who is extremely unsuccessful and followed by bad luck wherever he goes. Persistent in her effort to hold onto a client, Ashley manages to sell Damon Phillips (Faizon Love) on the idea of a masquerade party. Meanwhile, Jake tries to get a music businessman to sign up a band he leads, but due to his usual bad luck it is a disaster and Jake is fired. When Ashley's boss, Peggy, learns of the plan, she is, to Ashley's surprise, impressed with the idea, leaving her with the task of organizing the party independently. Jake, hearing of the party and of the number of possible sponsors who could be there, hatches a plan to attend, in order to meet a very famous man (Phillips) who could rehire him and publicise his band. He poses as a dancer for the masquerade party and gains entry. During the party, Ashley is confronted by a fortune teller who warns her she will soon be struck by bad luck. As Jake wanders around the party, he is taken with Ashley's beauty and asks her to join him in a dance, during which they kiss. Neither can see the other's face, as they are both wearing masks. During the kiss, their luck is switched: Jake gets Ashley's good luck and Ashley gets Jake's bad luck. Jake spots Phillips and saves him from a taxi cab that nearly hit him. As a way of thanking him, Phillips, who is in charge of a major record company, signs up McFly and hires Jake. Jake is surprised that something good actually happened to him. Meanwhile, Ashley's new bad luck kicks in and not only does she break her shoe, tear her dress, and nearly choke on an olive, but she goes to jail (her neighbor turns out to be an escort). Even in jail, Ashley experiences more bad luck (including one of the cell mates punching her in the face). After she gets out, she has even more bad luck, such as a flood in her house, a zit on her face, and causing the power to go out. Fed up and wanting to know why these bad things are happening to her, Ashley goes to the fortune teller, who tells her someone else has her lost good luck and he needed it more. Desperate to regain her luck, Ashley asks more of the fortune teller, who explains that, in order for her life to return to what it was before, she must again kiss the person she kissed at the party. Ashley begins hunting down all the dancers from the company who had supplied the dancers at the party. While on her search, Ashley tries to get some food from a cafe but is rejected because she doesn't have enough money. She creates mass chaos (due to bad luck) and makes a mad dash out of the cafe with the help of Jake, who offers Ashley his previous job as a janitor person at the bowling alley and takes pity on her because he was once in her situation. Ashley, desperate for a job, accepts immediately. Later, Jake takes Ashley to the place where McFly is practicing and Jake gets the deal from Phillips that signs his band up for a new music studio. Jake shares his good fortune with Ashley, even giving her a place to stay. She discovers that Jake is the one who has stolen her luck. Seizing her chance, she kisses him, whereupon he gets his bad luck back; Ashley's good luck has returned. That night, she thinks hard about her life and about how Jake had put his (her) good fortune to use. She decides that her life was more enjoyable without luck and goes to Jake's first concert for McFly, during which things aren't running smoothly. Ashley kisses Jake, given good luck again, and the concert is saved. Ashley decides to end contact with Jake, as she doesn't want their luck to be switched again; she believes Jake put the good luck to better use than she ever did. She goes to the railway station, where Jake finds her and tries to convince her that she was all he wanted since the party and says that even with all his good fortune, it could never buy him happiness. They then kiss each other relentlessly, causing their luck to swap so quickly that they no longer know who has the good luck and who has the bad. When they see Jake's little cousin Katy and both of them kiss her, one on each cheek, at the same time, she gets all the luck and wins a scratch card lottery of twenty-five dollars. Later, when they find a quarter, they decide that they still have some luck left. But only seconds later, they are drenched by a broken water line.
Kuni Mulgi Deta Ka Mulgi	Marathi	comedy	Ashok Karlekar	The movie depicts a village called Virpur, which has not seen even a single male getting married for the past 25 years. The males have got very eager for their marriage, as they had crossed the suitable age. One fine day, Madan Mohan, son of the village head, returns from Mumbai after completing his education. Villagers seeks hopes in him as the person who could get married. The unmarried men of this village engages oneself to help in wedding preparation, with hopes that later they could even marry. The story further describes about the strange villagers and their strange and weird thoughts of their ignorance and the resulting humorous situations, and of Madan’s true love.
The Extra Man	American	comedy	Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini	A failed playwright, Henry Harrison, develops an odd mentor relationship with Louis Ives, a troubled, cross-dressing, aspiring writer to whom Henry sublets a room in his New York apartment. Henry teaches Louis the art of being an extra man, accompanying and entertaining wealthy older women in their fanciful social lives. Along the way, Louis encounters an environmentally conscious co-worker, Mary Powell, and a jealous, eccentric neighbor, Gershon.[3]
 Zero Charisma	American	comedy	Katie Graham	Scott Weidemeyer (Sam Eidson) is an overweight, overbearing table top role playing gamer. He has a pathetic job, his at-home life is often unbearable as he still lives with his grandmother. Worse yet, he's never had a girlfriend. He does have one saving grace: Every Thursday night is game night. Ongoing for three years Scott and his group of friends meet at his house to play a game he has made. But it's all thrown out of order when one of the players quits to save his marriage. Scott tries to refill the position, but after scaring off a potential replacement player due to his short temper, it seems as though it won't happen. However, by chance, he meets a charismatic hipster named Miles (Garrett Graham) at the local game shop and convinces him to join his game rather than the local ones. Things seem to be going well, however Scott finds himself hating Miles, as he steals the spotlight during his role playing games, Miles often talking about his personal life which mirrors what Scott wishes his life was, not the least of which is having an attractive girlfriend and running a successful popular culture website blog . Things take a turn for the worse when Scott's grandmother Wanda (Anne Gee Byrd) has a stroke. His mother, Barbara (Cyndi Williams), decides to visit, much to his dismay. Wanda has cared for Scott much of his life, after his mother (Barbara) abandoned him. Barbara also is engaged to her third fiance, Bob (Larry Jack Dotson). Scott again tries to run a smooth game night, but his mother disrupts it. Scott's attitude toward his mother's interruption deteriorates to the point she openly humiliates Scott in front of the group, forcing him to end the game early. At this point, the players decide to host the next game night at Miles's house, again to Scott's frustration. During that game night, Scott attempts to impress the group by declaring that The Matrix was written by him in junior high. When Miles points out several inconsistencies on his story, Scott becomes loud, defensive, unstable and goes to the bathroom to cry. When the game resumes, Miles decides to go off the story Scott planned and to kill off an important story non-player character. Scott attempts to cheat out of it but Miles's girlfriend catches him. The players then say Scott takes the game too seriously and it's no longer fun when he's the dungeon master. Scott has a meltdown and wants to leave the game, but his friends opt to stay and play with Miles instead, which further enrages Scott. Back at his grandmother's house, Scott, still fuming from the night before, finds out his mother is attempting to sell Wanda's house to settle debt she has accumulated over the years. Barbara manages to convince Wanda to sell the house after offering her a comfortable retirement only a few blocks from Barbara's house in Arizona. An angry Scott (who was promised the house by Wanda) berates his grandmother and threatens legal action, at which point even she turns on him, telling him he needs to grow up. Scott trashes his room, only to find a book written by his hero, Greg Goran (Dakin Matthews). He goes to the local gaming shop where Goran is making an appearance. At first Scott seems ready to own up to his actions, apologizing to the assistant manager, Pete (John Gholson), for his attitude in the past, as well as asking for his old job. However, when Goran says 'at the end of the day it's a game ... if your players aren't having fun, you're not doing your job.' Scott becomes outraged and takes it as a personal insult. He cusses out Goran and insults Pete and his girlfriend. Pete then tells the audience that Scott was fired for masturbating to hentai anime pornography on his laptop in the backroom while the store was being robbed. Publicly humiliated, Scott goes to Miles's house where he's having a party. Scott gets drunk and interacts with several of Miles's friends. Dressed in D&D robes, his drunken slurs about medieval culture allows him to become the life of the party among the party goers. After seeing Scott in his own home, Miles calls Scott's best friend, Wayne (Brock England), and asks him to come get Scott (who seems surprised that he was not invited to Miles's party). Scott then publicly challenges Miles to a faux battle with crutches. Scott's antics are so popular with the party goers that Miles has to comply. Scott loses control and lashes out at Miles and hits him hard in the face. At which point Miles strikes him in the stomach which puts him on the floor. Wayne, who just arrived a minute early, decides to defend his friend, attacks Miles and manages to rip out some of his hair before being thrown to the floor (allowing Miles to show off his violent behavior to the party goers and to the shock of his girlfriend). Miles, still enraged, calls Scott and his friends 'damn nerds' and tells them to get out (implying that Miles never cared about Scott's friends). Scott apologizes to Wayne for his past actions. In a small flash forward, Scott is employed at the retirement home where his grandmother is. Happier and more responsible, he plays his game with a small group of seniors. In the final scene, Scott shows a sliver of improvement in his attitude toward playing while still clinging to his serious gaming nature.
You, Me and Dupree	American	comedy	Joe Russo, Anthony Russo	Molly (Kate Hudson) and Carl (Matt Dillon) are preparing for their wedding day in Hawaii, until Carl's friend Neil (Seth Rogen) interrupts to say that Randolph Dupree (Owen Wilson) got lost. They drive off together to pick up Dupree, who appeared to have hitched a ride with a light plane after landing on the wrong island. A day before the wedding, Molly's father, Bob Thompson (Michael Douglas), who is also CEO of the company that Carl works for, makes a toast with humorous remarks at Carl's expense, foreshadowing a conflict between the two. Later at a pre-celebration at a bar, Carl neglects Dupree to be with Molly. Carl and Dupree later make up on the beach, as Dupree apologizes for laughing at Molly's father's jokes. Carl and Molly get married. When Carl returns to work, at Molly's father's Thompson Land Development, he is surprised to find that Mr. Thompson has promoted him to be in charge of a design he proposed, though it had been altered somewhat. Mr. Thompson makes absurd requests which proceed to get worse, starting with Thompson's drastic reimagining of Carl's new architecture project and that Carl get a vasectomy to prevent any future children with his daughter. Before returning home to celebrate his promotion with Molly, Carl stops by the bar, where he finds Neil and Dupree. After Neil leaves, Dupree reveals that he has financial problems, such as being evicted from his home and losing his job and car. Carl and Molly take Dupree into their home, though clearly they are frustrated as he is disruptive and messy. Molly sets up Dupree with a woman at her work, a primary school, who is a Mormon librarian. Dupree agrees, though Molly is shocked to find them having graphic sex when she comes home from dinner. Romantic candles burn down the front of the living room, and Dupree is kicked out. Meanwhile, Carl is being continually stressed out from work, though he and Molly find time to go out for dinner. On the way back they find Dupree sitting on a bench in heavy rain with his belongings. Dupree reveals that the librarian had just dumped him. Feeling pity, Molly insists they take him back in. Dupree apologizes for being disruptive and agrees to mend his ways. The next day, Dupree makes amends, refurbishing the living room, and doing Carl's thank-you letters, as well as making friends with kids from the block. Dupree cooks a large dinner for Molly and Carl, though Carl is late again, so Molly and Dupree start without him. When Carl finally shows up, he is a little jealous that they were having dinner together, and have a fight. Carl kicks Dupree out, suspecting an affair, which shocks Dupree. The following night, Mr. Thompson comes over for dinner. Dupree attempts to sneak back in to their home to get some of his belongings, but fails and falls off the roof. He is found outside and is invited in for dinner. After Mr. Thompson takes a liking to Dupree and asks him to go fishing with him, it enrages Carl because - even though he doesn't like fishing - it's Mr. Thompson's way of approving someone. Carl's fury boils over as he then imagines Dupree hanging out with Mr. Thompson and engaging in sex with Molly, causing Carl to jump across the table and attempting to strangle Dupree; Mr. Thompson hits Carl over the head with a candlestick shortly after. After returning from the hospital with a neck brace, Dupree and Molly confront Mr. Thompson about what he really thinks of his new son-in-law, while Carl had left. The next morning, Dupree gets all the local kids to search for Carl. Dupree eventually finds Carl in the bar, and convinces him to chase after Molly. Dupree helps Carl break into Mr. Thompson's office and confront him while Dupree himself distracts and evades a Samoan guard. Carl and Mr. Thompson finally reach an understanding and Thompson admits to his agenda of insulting Carl. Dupree and Carl return to the house, where Carl and Molly reunite, Carl apologizing, and agree to work it all out. Glad that he did his job, Dupree celebrates by leaping into the air with joy, until he falls to ground. All turns out well, with Dupree becoming a motivational speaker, Carl and Molly spending more time with each other, and Mr. Thompson accepting Carl as family. In a post-credits scene, famed bicyclist Lance Armstrong is seen reading Dupree's motivation book, 7 Different Kinds of Smoke: Living, Loving, and Finding your Inner -ness.
Donald Cried	American	comedy	Kristopher Avedisian	A Manhattanite banker returns to his hometown to pick up an urn and forgets his wallet. He seeks help from a home across the street only to find that it is still occupied by his high school neighbor who holds him hostage.
The Perfect Man	American	comedy	Mark Rosman	Single mother Jean (Heather Locklear) relocates every time she gets her heart broken by another guy, much to the dismay of her teenage daughter, Holly (Hilary Duff). Holly devises a plan to invent a secret admirer for her mother, so she'll be happy and not have to relocate anymore. Holly overhears her friend Amy's (Vanessa Lengies) uncle Ben (Chris Noth) ordering flowers for a woman, and decides to use his advice on women (which she acquires by telling him she needs help for a school project on romance). Following Ben's advice, she sends her mother orchids and other gifts and love notes, and is soon communicating with her mother as this fictitious admirer (who Holly names Ben) via the internet. As her mother becomes more interested, Holly has to find a photo of this admirer. She sends one of the real Ben, and then devises a reason why they can't meet in person, claiming he is working in China. While she is developing the online romance between her mother and fake Ben, and preventing her mother and the real Ben from meeting in person, she finds herself drawn to a cute, artistic boy in her class, Adam (Ben Feldman), but is unwilling to get close to anyone due to her history of being uprooted and having to say goodbye so often. As the charade continues, and as Holly spends more time with Ben while picking his brain for romance tips, she slowly begins to see qualities in Ben which make her believe he is her mother's 'perfect man.' Unfortunately there is no way her mother can ever meet the real Ben without Holly's plan being exposed. Holly asks help from Adam to disguise as Ben in the telephone and break up with Jean. But he fails, as he is revealed to be harboring feelings for Holly as well, in effect telling Holly's mother the opposite of what is planned. Next day at school, Holly confronts Adam angrily because of his failed attempt to disguise as Ben and break up with her mother over the phone didn't go according to plan. Adam apologizes and tells Holly that he was only got distracted. Holly demands to know what he could've possibly been distracted by and Adam admits his feelings for Holly by kissing her. That night, Lenny (Mike O'Malley), a man who is infatuated with Jean, proposes to her and she replies with a 'maybe'. Holly, in an act of desperation, then disguises herself as Ben's secretary and arranges a meeting between Ben and her mom. Next day, when Holly mistakenly thinks Ben is marrying someone else, she disrupts the wedding to tell Ben he should be with her mother, not knowing he was there because the bride is his dear friend and he was catering the wedding. A disappointed Ben follows her out and she admits the full story. Holly then goes to the meeting place and admits the whole ruse to Jean, who seems to take it terribly. Days pass by and Holly and her mom maintain a cold relationship, and Holly is offended by her interpretation of Adam's drawing of Princess Holly. Holly begs Jean for them to move again. Her mother is humiliated and wants to stay, but Holly tells her to leave this once for Holly. She says that she always has to move for her mom. Her mom can't argue with that so they start to pack. Adam, for what he thinks is the last time, goes to Holly's home and gives Holly's mom his drawing, commenting that the drawing has another side that Holly didn't see before she left, which turns out to be Adam telling Holly that he'll always be there for her. Touched, Jean logs onto the internet using Holly's screen name and talks to Adam. Adam, thinking it's Holly, says that her mom is setting a bad example, getting up and leaving when things get bad and that, in return, is making a bad role model for her own daughters. Jean is deeply moved by this and decides to stay, finding a new job and trying to rebuild her life without running away. She also apologizes to her daughter and tells her to look at the other side of the drawing, making Holly happy. Meanwhile Ben is inspired by what Holly told him about her mother, and with Holly's help, Jean and Ben finally meet and Jean finds her 'perfect man' at last. Holly is on the road to her perfect man as well since she has some stability in her life and finally opens up and admits her feelings for Adam. At the end, Adam and Holly go to their first school dance together.
Extreme Movie	American	comedy	Adam Jay Epstein, Andrew Jacobson	The film is a series of vignettes with Matthew Lillard's sex advice is intercut within every couple segments. Mike (Ryan Pinkston) tries to impress his crush, Stacy (Cherilyn Wilson). Fred (Michael Cera) meets a girl (Joanna Garcia) online and they arrange for menacing action, only for Fred to break into the wrong apartment. The promiscuous Betty (Ashley Schneider) going to the next level (kinkier and more outrageous sexual adventures) with Chuck (Frankie Muniz), and later Fred. Justin (Andy Milonakis) buys a vibrating vagina and falls in love with it, all the time while crushing on another girl; the vibrating vagina has a personality of its own and commits suicide when Justin rejects it. A Real Sex-esque skit where a girl admits to having sex with two black men on camera. Two guys, Barry and Leon (Kevin Hart and Jermaine Williams), create a woman on their computer, only for her to run wild. Jessica (Rheagan Wallace), in an attempt to become horny, puts her vibrating cell phone in her vagina, only for it to fall in. Len (Ben Feldman) wakes up to find a girl and another guy (Jamie Kennedy) in his bed, and his parents home as well; the whole thing turns out to be a hidden camera bi sexual show. Sex education teacher Mr. Matthews (John P. Farley) teaches his class with no rules and a lot of embarrassment, usually centering on Mike. Ronny (Hank Harris), obsessed with Abraham Lincoln, creates a time machine and travels back in time to have sex with Lincoln (Ed Trotta).
3 Geezers!	American	comedy	Michelle Schumacher	Follow actor J Kimball as he researches what it's like to be old for a role in an upcoming movie. When he meets the residents at The Coconuts convalescent home, he quickly discovers that his perceptions of the elderly may be off from today's reality. After being on the wrong end of some pranks, J enlists the help of his Hollywood friends to turn the tides. Mayhem ensues.
Old Mother Riley's Ghosts	British	comedy	John Baxter	Old Mother Riley inherits a Scottish property, believing it, at first, to be a pub, and makes the journey up north with her daughter, Kitty. They are surprised to find themselves in possession of a haunted castle, though it turns out the ghouls and ghosties are not what they seem. They are in fact an ingenious front for an espionage ring anxious to get their hands on an inventor's plans, and trying to scare intruders away. After vigorous attempts to scare Mother Riley out of her wits, the Irish washerwoman ends up turning the tables on the spies, and terrifing them in return.[2][3]
Welcome to Woop Woop	Australian	comedy	Stephan Elliott	Teddy (Johnathon Schaech) is a New York bird smuggler who goes to Australia to replace a flock of escaped birds after a deal goes awry. While there, he has a wild liaison with a quirky, sexually ravenous girl, Angie (Susie Porter), who after a brief courtship knocks him unconscious and kidnaps him. When he awakes he finds himself married to her - not legally - and stranded in Woop Woop, a desolate, dilapidated town hidden within a crater-like rock formation in Aboriginal territory. The residents are people who lived there at an asbestos mining camp before the land was handed over to the Aborigines; following a tragedy in 1979, Woop Woop was abandoned and literally erased from the Australian map. Not content with the deal given to them by the mining company (from Fremantle), they opted to return to their old lives in Woop Woop. At first they repopulated themselves incestuously, which caused wide mental instability. A rule was then enacted (Rule #3) which bans residents from sleeping with their relatives. Since then, outsiders like Teddy have been occasionally kidnapped to keep Woop Woop populated. Their only export is dog food made from road-killed kangaroos. The town is run by Angie's father, Daddy-O (Rod Taylor), in an authoritarian manner that he disguises as communal (he and the other town elders keep the best luxuries for themselves in secret while doling out only the usual canned pineapple and sub-par tobacco to the others). The only entertainment available to the residents are old Rodgers & Hammerstein films and soundtracks, the latter of which they play constantly. These are presumably left over from the town's last official contact with the civilised world. After witnessing another kidnapping, 'Midget' the local hairdresser, gets shot to death by Daddy-O during an attempted escape, Teddy soon realizes he will be trapped in Woop Woop for life unless he finds a way out for himself. Initially, he repairs his VW van which had been vandalized by the locals, only to have it vandalised again by Daddy-O. The Australian Cattle Dog that he adopts is shot as part of 'Dog Day.' He befriends a couple of locals, including the scruffy, affable Duffy, and Krystal, Angie's sister, who help him to confront Daddy-O's iron-fisted reign, and to arrange an escape plan. Duffy, reprimanded by Daddy-O for breaking 'Rule #3,' nonetheless elects to stay in Woop Woop, while Teddy, Krystal, and Krystal's pet cockatoo escape.
The Shaggy Dog	American	comedy	Brian Robbins	Dave Douglas (Tim Allen) is a deputy district attorney in Los Angeles County who is prosecuting social studies teacher and activist Justin Forrester (Joshua Leonard) for firebombing the pharmaceutical corporation Grant and Strictland. Forrester denies this, but claims that Grant and Strictland have been engaging in illegal animal experimentation. This distances Douglas from his daughter Carly (Zena Grey), one of Forrester's students. As Dave is also a workaholic, his relationship with his wife, Rebecca, and son, Josh, are also strained, although Dave and Rebecca's marriage were already on the rocks, as Dave committed adultery merely only six months prior to the prosecution. The greedy geneticists working for Mr. Lance Strictland (Philip Baker Hall), led by Dr. Kozak (Robert Downey, Jr.), have stolen a 300-year-old sacred dog named Khyi Yang Po (a Bearded Collie) from a Tibetan monastery. The scientists determine that Khyi Yang Po's genetic sequence, when isolated and put into a vaccination, invades and alters the cells and DNA of a victim. They continue their experiments in hopes of uncovering the genetic component that allows Khyi Yang Po such a long life, potentially immortality. Khyi Yang Po escapes the lab and is picked up by Carly, who was protesting with her friends and classmates outside Grant and Strictland. Carly brings Khyi Yang Po home. When Dave returns from work, he takes Khyi Yang Po out in the garage, then the dog runs to get the newspaper. Khyi Yang Po gives him his newspaper, and Dave reaches for it, only to be bitten on the hand by Khyi Yang Po. Khyi Yang Po's saliva infects Dave. Over the next few days, Dave realizes that he uncontrollably transforms into a sheep dog exactly like Khyi Yang Po when prompted by distractions and activities typical of a dog, such as a stick thrown through the air. These transformations can be reversed by sleeping, but Dave's human absence from his family further strains his relationships. During this time, his family, unaware of Dave's condition, continue housing Dave as a dog, thinking it's Khyi Yang Po. Dave slowly learns just how little he understands his kids and wife and resolves to make amends. In the ongoing trial, Forrester testifies seeing the animals behaving like dogs and the presence of a bearded collie he identifies as a giant sheepdog, which sparks Dave's suspicions about Grant and Strictland. When his dog-like behavior annoys the judge, Dave is removed from the case. Seeking answers to his transformation, Dave heads to Grant and Strictland. He has a janitor help him transform so that he may sneak in through a vent. Hidden in the laboratory, Dave witnesses Dr. Kozak injecting company president Lance Strictland with a drug that will paralyze him for several months, giving Kozak enough time to usurp control of the company. After viewing security cameras, Kozak and his minions realize that Dave is capable of transforming into a copy of Khyi Yang Po. When Dave comes home, still in his canine form, he overhears a conversation between Carly and Josh that he and Rebecca may be splitting up. After hearing this, Dave then knocks over a Scrabble game and uses the letters to reveal his identity to his kids. But when Dave gets out of the house, he is captured by Kozak's minions. His kids attempt to save him, but end up picking up the real Khyi Yang Po instead and rush to their mom at work to report recent events. Dave is taken to the lab to be euthanized, but Kozak has a court summons, and must deal with Dave later. Right before he exits, Kozak mocks Dave in canine form and Dave bites him in response. The other mutated animals in the lab tell Dave to meditate to reverse his transformation. Dave succeeds in returning to human form, and is able to escape with all of the other animals. He drives to the courthouse and calls his wife to ready a change of clothes for him at the courthouse, but is forced to abandon the car with the animals when they get stuck in traffic. Dave runs on all fours to trigger his transformation to get to the courthouse in time. At the courthouse entrance, his attempts to tell his wife that he loves her allows him to transform back. In the courtroom, Dave calls Kozak back to the stand and tries to get him to admit what he has done, but Kozak manages to hide his secret. Thinking quickly, he mocks Kozak by implying he was working under Strictland's shadow, and angers him. The two begin growling at each another, and the judge, exasperated by Dave's canine behavior, orders the bailiff to remove him. Dave grabs the baliff's baton and tells Kozak to fetch, triggering a partial transformation in him and thus implicating him of illegal and unethical experimentation. The pharmaceutical company is returned to Strictland, the mutant animals enter protective custody, and Dave finally makes amends with his family. The movie ends with the family vacationing in Hawaii with Khyi Yang Po. Josh tells his dad to fetch a frisbee he just tossed, and Dave catches it with his mouth.
The Kids Are All Right	American	comedy	Lisa Cholodenko	Nic (Annette Bening) and Jules (Julianne Moore) are a married lesbian and bisexual couple living in the Los Angeles area. Nic is an obstetrician, and Jules is a housewife who is starting up a landscape design business. Each has given birth to a child using the same sperm donor. The younger child Laser (Josh Hutcherson) wants to find his sperm donor father but has to be 18 to do so. He implores his 18-year-old sister, Joni (Mia Wasikowska), to contact the sperm bank which identifies Paul (Mark Ruffalo) as the donor. The three meet. Joni is impressed by his bohemian lifestyle, and Paul becomes enthusiastic about being in their lives. Joni swears her brother to secrecy as she does not want to upset their mothers. However, Jules and Nic find out and invite Paul over to dinner. When Jules reveals she has a landscape business, Paul asks her to transform his back garden. Jules agrees, although Nic does not like the idea. While working for Paul, Jules likes that he appreciates her work in contrast to Nic who, Jules feels, never supported her career. Jules impulsively kisses Paul one afternoon, and they end up in bed together, beginning an affair. Jules and the kids start spending more time with Paul. Nic believes Paul undermines her authority over the children by, for example, giving Joni a ride on his motorcycle—which Nic has forbidden—and by suggesting she give Joni more freedom. After a heated argument with Jules, Nic suggests they all have dinner at Paul's house to ease the tension. Nic relaxes and for the first time connects with Paul. However, Nic discovers traces of Jules's hair in Paul's bathroom and bedroom. When they return home, Nic confronts Jules. At first, Jules denies it but then admits to the affair. Nic is devastated, but Jules assures she is not in love with Paul and has not turned straight; she just wanted to be appreciated. Joni and Laser have overheard the arguments and are also upset at Jules. The household becomes tense and Jules is forced to sleep on the couch. Paul thinks he has fallen in love with Jules and suggests she leave Nic, bring the kids, and come live with him. Jules declines, disgusted with Paul's lack of understanding about their relationship. The children are angry at both of them. The night before Joni leaves home to go to college, Paul turns up at the house. Nic angrily confronts him and tells him that if he wants a family, he should make one of his own. Rejected, Paul watches Laser from outside the window, trying to get his attention, but Laser ignores him. Later that night, Jules tearfully admits her errors to her family and begs their forgiveness. The next morning, the family takes Joni off to college. While Nic and Jules together hug Joni to say goodbye, they also affectionately touch each other. During the ride home, Laser tells his mothers that they should not break up because they are too old. Jules and Nic giggle, and the film ends with them smiling at each other and holding hands.
Cold Souls	American	comedy	Sophie Barthes	Paul Giamatti is an actor who becomes so impassioned with the characters and roles that he plays that he has trouble disassociating himself from the character after the scene is done. As a result, his mind and spirit are a tangled mass of emotions that he seems to have trouble separating from his own feelings. As he struggles to play Uncle Vanya, he reads an article in The New Yorker regarding Soul Storage, which in fact is a procedural clinic that physically removes one's soul from his body. While hesitant at first to go through with such a procedure, being unsure how it would affect him, Paul decides to go ahead. On visiting the clinic he discovers that most souls come out as gray matter or clouds. He decides to go ahead, declining the offer to look at his soul as it happens. He is distressed to discover that his soul comes out looking just like a chickpea. He has it stored in the clinic and returns to his life with 5 percent of his soul remaining. However, his life begins to fall apart; he has trouble associating with or making love to his wife Claire. Lacking in emotional intelligence, he says insensitive things, such as telling a friend to just pull the plug on her comatose mother, and his acting for the Chekhov play lacks believability. Not wanting his soul back just yet, he instead obtains the soul of what he is told is a Russian poet, whose memories entice him to be curious about her and her life as well as obtain a curiosity of his own. This Russian soul allows him to play Uncle Vanya excellently, but the experience overwhelms him and he decides to get his own soul back. Paul's world is turned upside down when Nina, a Russian soul mule who transports people's souls to and from Russia, steals Paul's soul for the wife of her boss at the Russian soul-storage operation, who aspires to be an actress. She receives Paul's soul, believing it to be the soul of Al Pacino. Her acting and happiness improve. Nina, the mule who carried Paul's soul and has become curious about him, eventually reveals the whereabouts of his soul, helping him to get it back. As the pair investigate the soul of Olga the poet, which he had 'rented' during this period, they learn that she committed suicide after not being able to get it back after selling it. Paul and Nina get his soul back, and after looking into it through the use of special goggles to reassociate himself to it, he returns to New York a happier man. Nina's soul is found, but Paul is told that it is unrecoverable due to the residues of souls that she has carried.
All Men Are Liars	Australian	comedy	Gerard Lee	Barry decides to sell the family piano that belongs to his wife Irene. This results in Irene leaving him and their son Mick. Mick desperately wants his mother to return home and so he decides to save up some money to buy the piano back. The town's annual harvest festival is about to commence and an all-girl band fronted by the beautiful Angela arrives to participate. Mick develops a wacky scheme in which he dresses up in his mother's clothes and becomes 'Michelle', in hopes of joining the girl band to make the money he needs. The scheme works, however Mick becomes increasingly attracted to Angela who has just broken up with her boyfriend after he cheated on her with the band's ex-guitarist. Mick/Michelle eventually earns enough money to buy the piano back, however Angela has since become close to 'Michelle' and has now developed unexpected feelings for her/him. Angela then begins questioning her sexuality and unfortunately for Mick, she has vowed to kill any man who lies to her again.
You Lucky People	British	comedy	Maurice Elvey	An intake of civilian reservists arrive at army camp to do their two weeks refresher training.
Alvin Purple Rides Again	Australian	comedy	David Bilcock, Robin Copping	Alvin Purple is unable to hold down a job because of his appeal to women. He and his friend Spike help a team of women cricketers win a match by playing in drag, and decide to spend their share of the prize money in a casino. Alvin discovers he is identical in appearance to gangster Balls McGee. When Balls is killed, Alvin is forced to take his place.
3,2,1... Frankie Go Boom	American	comedy	Jordan Roberts	Two brothers (Charlie Hunnam and Chris O'Dowd) seek the help of a transgender hacker (Ron Perlman) in erasing all evidence of a sex tape from the internet before the unhinged movie star father (Chris Noth) of the girl involved (Lizzy Caplan) seeks violent revenge. Cast member Lizzy Caplan described the plot: It's about a guy whose life has been ruined by a YouTube video that has gone viral and so he's been hiding out and he gets brought back into civilization (because he's been living in the middle of nowhere) by his really manipulative, horrible brother. And everybody in his life is sort of terrible [and it's about] how he deals with that.[2]
 The Pacifier	American	comedy	Adam Shankman	U.S. Navy SEAL Lieutenant Shane Wolfe is assigned to rescue Howard Plummer, a man working on a top-secret government project, from a group of Serbian rebels. Shane and his team get Plummer off an enemy boat, though while boarding the escape helicopter, the team is under attack by enemy fire. Plummer is killed in the attack, and Shane is shot and spends two months in the hospital. After Shane recovers, he meets up with his commanding officer, Captain Bill Fawcett, who reveals that he is assigned to escort Plummer's widow, Julie, to Zürich, where Plummer's safety deposit box has been discovered, while Shane is assigned to stay at the Plummer residence, in Bethesda, Maryland, to search for the secret project called GHOST and look after the family's five children: Zoe, Seth, Lulu, Peter, and Baby Tyler. The kids prove to be difficult to handle, even with the help of nanny Helga, who quits when one of Zoe and Seth's pranks intended for Shane goes wrong. Shane begins to discover the children's problems and issues, including Seth and Zoe's poor performances at school, being constantly criticized by the school's vice-principal, Duane Murney, and that Lulu is member of a girl scout troop called the Firefly Scouts who are constantly bullied by a rival boy scout troop called the Junior Grizzlies whenever they attempt to sell cookies at the local Costco store. Shane eventually earns the children's trust and cooperation when he stops a home invasion orchestrated by two masked ninjas, who attempt to steal a CD-R copy of the film Ghost, mistaking it for the secret project. Later, Murney informs Shane that Seth has cut and bleached his hair, has a Nazi armband in his locker, and has skipped every wrestling practice for a month. At home, Seth tells Shane he only joined the wrestling team because of his father. After Seth sneaks out of the house, Shane leaves Zoe in charge and follows him to the town theater, where he learns that Seth has secretly joined an amateur production of The Sound of Music. The director quits when he believes the show will be a failure. Shane volunteers to take his place, and juggles this task with taking care of the house, giving Zoe driving lessons, and teaching Lulu and the Firefly Scouts martial arts to defend themselves against the rival boy scout troop. Seth quits the wrestling team, and when Murney again berates him for doing this, Shane challenges Murney to a wrestling match in front of the entire school, and easily wins despite Murney's show of bluster. The training Shane gives the Firefly Scouts becomes useful when they once again have a conflict with the thuggish scouts. Zoe and Shane share stories of their fathers, both of whom died in similar circumstances. They are interrupted by a phone call from Julie, who has figured out the password, retrieved a large key from Howard's box, and is on her way home. The kids immediately plan a Welcome Home party. That evening, Shane discovers a secret vault underneath the garage, which requires a key to open. When Bill and Julie arrive home, Bill and Shane go to the garage, where Bill proudly congratulates Shane for his work and Shane says he is rethinking his career. Just then, the two ninjas who previously invaded the Plummers' home, arrive armed and pull off their masks, revealing themselves as the Plummers' North Korean communist neighbors, the Chuns. Bill suddenly knocks Shane unconscious, revealing himself to be a double agent. Mr. Chun restrains and guards the children while Bill and Mrs. Chun take Julie down to the vault. They open the door, but a dangerous security system prevents them from going further. The children work together to take down Mr. Chun who then makes fun of Lulu’s fighting stance, promting Lulu to drive her foot into his testicles.The children escape and awaken Shane, who sends the kids to get the police while he goes to the vault to help Julie. Mr. Chun follows them in his car; with Zoe at the wheel, the kids force him to crash into a car dealership. Shane gets past the security system using a dance Howard had used to make Peter go to sleep each night, called the Peter Panda Dance. Julie knocks out Mrs. Chun, and Shane's voice activates the final vault, knocking out Bill with the door. By then, the children have lured a large crowd of police to the house. Mr. Chun arrives and holds all of them at gunpoint. Shane notices school principal and love interest Claire Fletcher right behind him, having followed the chase when she saw it pass by the school. Shane distracts Mr. Chun with the aide of Gary the family's pet duck, and Claire knocks him unconscious. With the mission accomplished and Bill and the Chuns arrested, Shane and the Plummers say their goodbyes, and Shane and Claire kiss. At Seth's performance, it is revealed that Shane has retired from the Navy and joined the school staff as the new wrestling coach. Murney also performs in the play, singing Climb Ev'ry Mountain off-key while dressed in a nun's habit.
Recep İvedik 3	Turkish	comedy	Togan Gökbakar	Recep İvedik (Şahan Gökbakar) shows signs of deep depression following the death of his grandmother. In the meantime, one of his distant relatives, Zeynep (Zeynep Çamcı), comes to İstanbul to attend university. With Recep being Zeynep’s only relative in the big city, she will have to stay at Recep’s house for a few months. Now that Zeynep has been included in his life, Recep tries every kind of activity to socialize and get rid of his depression, including going to the theater and even attending karate classes. However, nothing seems to work for Recep.
When Knights Were Bold	British	comedy	Jack Raymond	Sir Guy de Vere inherits his father's estate while serving with the British army in India. He returns home to take up his new role, but is greeted with hostility by his family and servants. After a drunken evening, a bump on the head with a suit of armour sends Sir Guy back to the 1400s and the golden age of chivalry.
The Body Said No!	British	comedy	Val Guest	In a British TV studio, Michael Rennie (as himself) is performing live in a dramatic broadcast. On a neighbouring set, cabaret singer Mikki Brent thinks she sees a coded plot being discussed to murder Rennie. Her friends are sceptical, but she warns Rennie, and various adventures and investigations ensue.
A Touch of Larceny	British	comedy	Guy Hamilton	A British World War II naval war hero, Commander Max Rammer Easton (James Mason), is charming and a bit of rake. He holds a mid-level staff position at the British Admiralty, but spends most of his free time playing squash and pursuing women. While at his private club, he meets Sir Charles Holland (George Sanders) and later Holland's American companion, Virginia Killain (Vera Miles). As soon as Holland goes away for a few days, Max makes a play for Virginia, but she is engaged to be married to Holland and is offended by Max describing him as dull. Undaunted, he continues to slowly charm her until she agrees to have lunch with him. They later go sailing on Easton's sailboat, and he continues to put his charm on display. Max can tell that Virginia is impressed by Holland's old school wealth. He claims that it is easy to acquire money, which she challenges, so on the spot he comes up with an unscrupulous scheme to demonstrate to her just how easy it is: After suddenly disappearing under suspicious circumstances, he would leave behind clues and red herrings leading others to jump to the conclusion that he is a traitor, having stolen top secret naval documents from his division, then defected to the Soviet Union. The scandal would leak and spread though the British press like wildfire. Upon his sudden and surprising return, he would sue the press for libel, raking in thousands of pounds in out-of-court settlements. To prove that he is quite serious about her, he implements his complex scheme. Max is later publicly branded a traitor by the press, all according to plan. Virginia is at first amused by this, then annoyed when she realizes he has actually gone through with it. When she tells Sir Charles, he is outraged and says something must be done. Max's elaborate plan backfires, however, when just as he is about to return, he becomes marooned for real on an out-of-the-way rocky island off the Scottish coast and cannot get home. After eventually being rescued, Max learns that Sir Charles has revealed to authorities everything that Virginia told him about Max's hoax. When confronted by authorities about his deception, Max cleverly frees himself from suspicion of any wrong-doing. He then continues to charm Virginia by saying he now plans on selling his story of survival and rescue to the very same press he originally intended to defraud. Against her better judgment, having now split from Sir Charles over the incident, she agrees to marry him, finding him irresistible.
The Naked Truth	British	comedy	Mario Zampi	Nigel Dennis (Dennis Price) is a blackmailer who threatens to publish embarrassing secrets in his magazine The Naked Truth. After attempting to blackmail a famous scientist (who commits suicide), and an MP (who suffers a heart attack in parliament, and probably succumbs), his latest targets are Lord Henry Mayley (Terry-Thomas), television host Sonny MacGregor (Peter Sellers), writer Flora Ransom (Peggy Mount), and model Melissa Right (Shirley Eaton). Several of them decide independently that murder would be a better solution than paying. However, it is Mayley who by sheer bad luck nearly ends up the victim of both MacGregor and Ransom's schemes. The four eventually join forces and try again. That attempt also fails, but Dennis is then arrested for an earlier crime. When Dennis threatens to reveal all at his trial, Mayley comes up with a scheme to break him out of prison and send him to South America, with the help of hundreds of his other victims. They phone in numerous fake calls for help, distracting the London police, while Mayley, MacGregor, and MacGregor's reluctant assistant Porter (Kenneth Griffith), disguised as policemen, whisk Dennis away. Knocking Dennis unconscious periodically, they finally end up in the cabin of a blimp on the way to a rendezvous with an outbound ship. To their dismay, when he comes to, Dennis refuses to go along with their plan, as he in fact never wanted to reveal any of their secrets in court. He was, in fact, optimistic about the trial anyway, and reveals that the evidence was his copies of The Naked Truth which had been destroyed by the plotters earlier. Happy to have outsmarted his opponents again, but unaware of where he is, Dennis then steps out for some air and plummets to the ocean below. When MacGregor celebrates by shooting his pistol, it punctures the blimp, which shoots away into the distance.
China Town	Malayalam	comedy	Rafi Mecartin	Four friends bought a casino and were celebrating the profit with their family when an underworld don, Gowda (Pradeep Rawat), who used to have a monopoly on the casinos in Goa, intrudes. Xavier (Mohanlal), one of the friends, held out against the don. Although he was killed, he managed to hold off the gang long enough for all of their wives to escape with the children. Wilson Gomus (Captain Raju) is the only of the friends to survive and he settled in Goa with his daughter, Emily. Xavier's son, Mathukutty (Mohanlal) became a local goon. His brother had eloped with a girl from the medical college and he lives with Rosamma (Kavya Madhavan). He was attending a retreat to get rid of his thuggish ways. Another son of one of the friends was Zachariah (Jayaram), a man thirsty for money. Another was Binoy (Dileep) a lovesick youth who was the victim of six failed loves. Gomus sends each of them a letter stating that he had bought a Casino and wanted to share the profit between the sons of his friends. The three meet Gowda, who places them in prison under a false case. They get out by selling their casino. They meet again on several occasions and finally Gowda is arrested.The film has a good ending.
Mabel's Married Life	American	comedy	Charlie Chaplin	Chaplin, in tramp attire, sits in the park with his wife, Mabel. While he is gone to a bar, a large man holding a tennis racquet moves in on his wife. Chaplin returns to find them laughing together. But despite kicking him and hitting him with his cane the man is undeterred in his wooing of his wife. The man drags Mabel down to the edge of the lake in the park. Meanwhile, Charlie finds the man's wife and they return together, where the wife first confronts her husband, but then ends up confronting Mabel. She goes to strike her but hits Charlie instead. The couple then leave. Mabel heads home but stops at a sporting goods store where she orders a man-shaped punch-bag. It is delivered whilst she is in her pyjamas. She wraps herself in a leopard-skin rug to answer the door. She starts practicing boxing moves on the dummy/punchbag. It is weighted so it swings back and knocks her over. Meanwhile, Charlie returns to the bar. A man there ridicules Charlie's clothes, particularly his baggy trousers. Then the first man reappears further ridiculing Charlie who is by now drunk. Charlie returns home, inexplicably holding a bunch of fresh onions, and trying to work out what the smell is. He throws them away. They fly through an open door and onto Mabel who is in bed. Charlie in his drunken state sees the dummy as the rival and prepares to fight. Mabel watches from the bedroom, frustrated by his actions. Charlie demands the dummy leaves. He pushes it. It swings back then rolls forward again striking Charlie. Charlie tries to placate it but ends up striking it again. Each time he hits it, it hits him back harder. Mabel joins in the fight then reveals to Charlie that it is just a dummy. Meanwhile, neighbour get concerned at the noise.
Did You Hear About the Morgans?	American	comedy	Marc Lawrence	A successful Manhattan couple, lawyer Paul Michael Morgan (Hugh Grant) and estate agent Meryl Judith Morgan (Sarah Jessica Parker), are separated due to Paul's infidelity. After dinner one night, Meryl and Paul witness the murder of one of Meryl's real estate clients. As a result, they become targets of contract killer Vincent (Michael Kelly) and must enter the Witness Protection Program. Paul and Meryl are relocated to the small town of Ray, Wyoming and placed temporarily under the protection of husband and wife/sheriff and deputy, Clay and Emma Wheeler (Sam Elliott and Mary Steenburgen). For their own safety, they are permitted no outside contact via telephone or e-mail. They have trouble adjusting to small-town life, but after a perilous encounter with a bear and awkward attempts at shooting rifles, chopping wood, and horseback riding, they eventually adjust and begin assisting the local citizens professionally. Meanwhile, neither of their assistants back in New York City know their whereabouts. Vincent plants a bug at Meryl's office and in her assistant Jackie's purse, hoping to gain information, which is eventually successful. Jackie attempts to call Meryl but Paul's assistant Adam stops her by kissing her, which she responds to by tasering him. Paul and Meryl go on a date in town and begin to reconcile, but then Paul is heartbroken when he learns that Meryl had a one-night stand with one of their acquaintances during their separation. The next day, with Vincent in town unbeknownst to them, the Morgans anticipate leaving Ray for a permanent hiding place. The Wheelers invite them to a rodeo, but the Morgans are at loggerheads, so they decline. Leaving the Morgans without any form of security, the Wheelers leave for the rodeo. Vincent tries to attack the house but is accosted by a bear, which gives the Morgans time to escape. They flee on horseback to the rodeo to seek help. Vincent follows them to the rodeo, they spot him and hide in a bull suit. However, they end up in the ring with a bull, which then charges them, injuring Meryl. Meryl, unable to walk, stays hidden from Vincent while Paul impulsively confronts him with a canister of bear repellent spray. Paul accidentally sprays himself in the face, alerting Vincent who then holds Paul at gun-point. The Morgans are rescued by the Wheelers and their new friends from the town. Six months later, Jackie and Adam are in a committed relationship while Paul and Meryl have repaired their marriage. They have an adopted baby girl from China, named Rae in honor of the Wyoming town, and Meryl is pregnant with their biological child living happily together in New York City.
Now or Never	American	comedy	Fred C. Newmeyer, Hal Roach	A young woman, who is employed as a nanny to a lonesome child named Dolly, is preparing to take a vacation which will include a long-awaited reunion with her childhood sweetheart. Her employers are a busy couple who have no time for their small daughter, so the nanny decides—without seeking their permission—to take Dolly with her on her vacation. Meanwhile, the young man she is to meet with races through the countryside by automobile on his way to his appointment. He crashes into a barn, loses his money to a tramp, and must complete his journey riding as a stowaway on the undercarriage of a train. After the couple meet, they and the child board a train. The woman has tickets for herself and Dolly, but the man has no ticket and no money. The young woman discovers to her horror that her young charge's father is on the train. She does not want him to see her with Dolly, so she leaves the little girl with the young man and joins her employer in a separate coach. The young man is not an experienced babysitter, and caring for the child poses many challenges for him, especially as he must also evade the conductor. The story ends happily: not only does Dolly's father approve of the young woman taking the little girl with her on her vacation, the young woman also discovers that her sweetheart is the man her employer was traveling to meet, as he has recently hired him for an important position.
Hawthorne of the U.S.A.	American	comedy	James Cruze	As described in a film magazine,[6] Anthony Hawthorne (Reid), an American with modern ideas, stirs fashionable Europe when he breads the bank at Monte Carlo. Prince Vladimir (Stevens), a covetous member of the royal family of a small principality, makes an attempt to obtain the fund Hawthorne has on in order to purchase the army of Augustus III (Brower), whom he seeks to depose. Hawthorne joins the prince in his plot but changes his mind when he meets Princess Irma (Lee) and learns that the prince plans to murder her father. Hawthorne works to foil the plot of the prince and ends up establishing a republican form of government and marrying Irma.
Mortdecai	American	comedy	David Koepp	Lord Charlie Mortdecai, an unscrupulous art dealer and swindler, is accosted in Hong Kong by one of his victims, a gangster named Fang. Jock, Mortdecai's faithful manservant, extricates his master before they can be killed by Fang's gunmen. They return to London, where Mortdecai and his wife, Johanna, consider ways to pay off their crushing debt to the UK taxman. A painting by Francisco Goya becomes the target of an elaborate theft which results in the murders of an art restorer and one of the thieves. Inspector Alistair Martland is put on the case. Martland, who has been in love with Johanna since college, asks Mortdecai to assist him. Martland believes the prime suspect to be Emil Strago. Mortdecai agrees to help in exchange for 10% of the insurance money. Mortdecai interviews people affiliated with the art world, including Spinoza, an art smuggler. While they argue, Strago arrives and shoots at them, killing Spinoza; Mortdecai and Jock escape unharmed. Johanna meets with a man known as The Duke, who knows the thief and says that the painting conceals the location of a hoard of Nazi gold. Mortdecai is kidnapped by thugs working for a Russian named Romanov. Romanov and Strago think that Mortdecai has the painting. Romanov threatens torture unless Mortdecai surrenders it, but Mortdecai escapes through a window and Jock spirits him away. Martland, wanting to be alone with Johanna, sends Mortdecai to America to meet with Milton Krampf, a potential buyer for the Goya. Mortdecai plans to sell his beloved Rolls-Royce to the American, and uses the opportunity to see if Krampf is involved with the theft. Arriving in Los Angeles, he discovers that the Goya has been hidden in the Rolls. Spinoza, in the employ of Krampf, stashed it there after stealing it from Strago, the original thief; Krampf planned to dupe Mortdecai into smuggling the Goya into the United States in his own car. He invites Mortdecai to a party that night, where Krampf intends to display the ill-gotten painting. Jock suggests that he and Mortdecai steal the painting for themselves during the party. Krampf's daughter, Georgina, is secretly Strago's partner. She attempts to seduce Mortdecai while Strago steals the painting. Johanna arrives with Martland and catches her husband in a compromising position. Mortdecai flees the scene to help Jock steal the painting, but they find Krampf has been murdered by Strago and the painting is gone. Martland and Johanna capture Strago, but Georgina gets the drop on them, liberating her lover and the painting. Pursued by Mortdecai, Jock, Martland and Johanna, they hide in a motel where Martland intentionally sets fire to the Goya and the fire causes the explosion of the building. Johanna reveals that the painting was a fake; The Duke has the real one hidden. The Mortdecais retrieve the painting and put it up for auction. The sale attracts Fang, still seeking revenge, and Romanov, who wants the painting regardless of cost. While Mortdecai and Jock waylay both men's thugs, Strago attempts to kidnap Johanna. Mortdecai bids up the Goya but Romanov wins it; Martland apprehends Strago during the commotion. The Mortdecais find that the proceeds of the sale pay off their debt courtesy of Martland and that after the sale they are still broke however, the painting is revealed to be another fake. Romanov plots his revenge whilst his thugs begin to torture Sir Graham by surgically opening his testicles with electricity.
To Paris with Love	British	comedy	Robert Hamer	A father and son play matchmaker for each other during a trip to Paris.[1]
Caught in the Rain	American	comedy	Charlie Chaplin	The action starts in a park, where a man is trying to romance a matronly woman, wearing a fur stole. The man leaves to go to a concession stall, St Rucopias, and Charlie comes along in his infamous tramp costume. He makes the woman laugh by almost soaking himself at the drinking fountain. He then sits next to her on the bench. The original man returns and is angry. He grabs Charlie by the face. He argues with the woman, waving his arms around and hitting Charlie with each movement. His last swing knocks Charlie clean over the bench. They leave and return to a hotel. Charlie is despondent. He leaves the park and staggers, now apparently drunk, over a wide road, almost getting hit by a car. He arrives at the same hotel and after propositioning a girl outside, enters, falling over a man's gout-bound leg at the reception desk. He checks the register to see which room the couple are in, who are meanwhile getting drunk themselves. Rushing up the stairs he slips, and slides comically back to the foot on his stomach. He makes several more dangerously balanced comical attempts, hitting the gout-bound man and his two female friends in the process. He approaches the hotel room, where the original couple are arguing. His key doesn't fit but the door is open and he enters, at first not seeing the couple due to his drunken state. The man boots him out. Charlie tries another room with his key and gets in. He starts to undress and goes to bed. Meanwhile the man across the hall leaves his wife to go out. We are told she is a sleepwalker. She crosses the hall to sit on Charlie's bed. However the rain starts and the husband returns to the hotel to find his room empty. Charlie, now awake meets him at his door and claims not to know where his wife is. While the man goes down to reception, Charlie takes her back to her room but gets trapped when the man returns. He ends up on the balcony in the rain. But then a policeman spots him and challenges him, drawing a gun. Enter the Keystone Cops. A comic battle ensues in the hallway. The husband ends up in Charlie's room and collapses drunk on the bed. The cops disappear. The wife comes into the hall and she and Charlie fall down drunk on the floor.
Somewhere in Camp	British	comedy	John E. Blakeley	Three army Privates (Frank Randle, Robbie Vincent and Dan Young) and their Sergeant (Harry Korris) devise a scheme to help Private Trevor (John Singer) woo the Commanding Officer's daughter (Jean Rivers). All efforts fail until Sergeant Korris drags up as a love-struck housekeeper.
Beer for My Horses	American	comedy	Michael Salomon	Best friends Joe Bill Rack Racklin (Toby Keith) and Lonnie Freeman (Rodney Carrington) are deputy sheriffs in the small town of Mangum, Oklahoma who enjoy pig hunting and drinking at the local bar the Thirsty Monkey. After his girlfriend Cammie (Gina Gershon) leaves him when he does not make time for her due to his job and hanging out with friends, Rack finds out that his old flame Annie Streets (Claire Forlani) has returned home from Chicago to care for her sick mother. Rack, Lonnie, and their friend and fellow deputy Skunk Tarver (Ted Nugent) arrest three local criminals and a Mexican drug lord Tito Garza (Greg Serano) for stealing fertilizer that is intended to make methamphetamine. Garza is scheduled to be turned over to the FBI for federal charges when Annie mysteriously disappears after a date with Rack, who discovers that Annie has been kidnapped by Tito's older brother Manuel Garza (Carlos Sanz), who runs a large Mexican drug cartel. Manuel contacts the police and demands Manuel to be returned to him in Santa Luna, Mexico or he will kill Annie. Despite being taken off the case by their boss Sheriff Landry (Tom Skerritt), Rack, Lonnie, and Skunk bust Tito out of his jail cell and take him to Mexico. Along the way, they approach a young hooker named Harveyetta and are helped by a group of circus entertainers led by Charlie (Willie Nelson), who gives them a jug of homemade whiskey known as circus jolly. Once in Mexico after dropping Harveyetta off, they engage in a gunfight with Garza's men and it is revealed that Annie's rich and powerful stepfather Buck Baker (Barry Corbin) is Garza's partner and his United Farm Enterprises is the base for the largest methamphetamine operation in Oklahoma. Baker reveals that the local district attorney Levin (Curtis Armstrong) is corrupt and that he has been giving Annie's mother goofy juice to make her appear to have Alzheimer's disease. With the help of former criminal Johnny Franks who becomes undercover FBI agent Levon Spurlock, Rack kills Buck and rescues Annie. Rack, Lonnie, and Skunk turn Manuel and Tito over to the FBI in Oklahoma City and return to Mangum. There they are cheered by the local crows at the Thirsty Monkey. Landry berates them for disobeying orders but does not arrest them and everyone toasts whiskey for my men, beer for my horses while serving circus jolly.
The Duff	American	comedy	Ari Sandel	Bianca is enjoying her senior year of high school in the suburbs of Atlanta with her two best friends, Jess and Casey, both of whom are significantly more popular than she is. She is also the neighbor and former childhood friend of Wesley, a star on the school's football team, with whom she had fallen out during high school. She has a crush on guitar-playing Toby, and reluctantly attends a party hosted by mean-girl Madison, hoping to talk to him. The party turns out to be a disaster for her, as it's there that Wesley unthinkingly reveals to her that she is the DUFF of her friend group, the Designated Ugly Fat Friend. The DUFF does not actually have to be ugly or fat, he explains, it's just the person in a social group who is less popular and more accessible than the others in the group. People exploit the DUFF to get to the popular people. Bianca is insulted and devastated, but she soon realizes Wesley is right. The students in her high school are only interested in her as a way to get to Jess and Casey. She takes her anger out on Jess and Casey and unfriends them on social media and in person. Bianca later overhears Wesley's science teacher Mr. Fillmore telling Wesley that unless he passes the midterm, he's off the football team, which could cost him his football scholarship. Desperate to change her social standing and go on a date with Toby, Bianca strikes a deal with Wesley—she'll help him pass science if he'll advise her how to stop being a DUFF. They have a fun time at a mall, attempting a makeover by buying new clothes. This backfires when Madison's minion records Bianca playing around in her new clothes and pretending that a mannequin is Toby. They create a video ridiculing Bianca and post it online leading to the entire school mocking her. It also becomes clear that Madison (a reality-TV wannabe) feels possessive of Wesley, her on-again off-again boyfriend, and is jealous of Bianca's relationship with him. Wesley tells Bianca not to let the video destroy her. Instead, he suggests she own it and just be upfront with Toby by talking directly to him and asking him out. When Bianca sees Toby at school, she does ask him, and to her surprise he accepts. When Wesley becomes frustrated by the constant arguing between his parents, Bianca takes him to her favorite spot in the forest, her think rock, to help him cope with a possible divorce. They kiss, but joke about it and pretend it didn't mean anything. At Bianca and Toby's date at his house, she finds herself thinking about Wesley, but tries to brush it off. She ultimately discovers that Toby is Duffing her—spending time with her in order to connect with Jess and Casey. She confronts Toby, finally seeing him for the shallow and superficial jerk he is, and leaves in tears. Seeking Wesley to talk with him about the date, she finds him at the thinking rock kissing Madison. Angry with Toby and Wesley, she reunites with Jess and Casey who were genuine friends all along. They, along with her understanding mother Dottie, convince her to go to the homecoming dance with them, in an outfit they create together that incorporates elements of Bianca's previous wardrobe such as her flannel shirts. At the dance, Bianca tells off Madison, saying essentially that we are all DUFFs who should be true to our own identities and her bullying was just a reflection of her own insecurities about herself. Madison is crowned homecoming queen and Wesley is crowned king, but he rejects Madison and the title and kisses Bianca in front of the whole school. In the end, Bianca's article about homecoming is a hit with the students; Bianca is going to attend Northwestern University while Wesley goes to Ohio State. In the end Bianca and Wesley are still together.
Genevieve	British	comedy	Henry Cornelius	Two veteran cars and their crews participating in the annual London to Brighton Veteran Car Run. Alan McKim (John Gregson), a young barrister, and his wife, Wendy (Dinah Sheridan), drive Genevieve, a 1904 Darracq. Their friend Ambrose Claverhouse (Kenneth More), a brash advertising salesman, his latest girlfriend, fashion model Rosalind Peters (Kay Kendall) and her pet St. Bernard ride in a 1905 Spyker. The journey to Brighton goes well for Claverhouse, but the McKims' trip is complicated by several breakdowns, and they arrive very late. As Alan cancelled their accommodation in their usual plush hotel during a fit of pique, they are forced to spend the night in a dingy run-down hotel (with a cameo performance by Joyce Grenfell as the proprietress) leaving Wendy feeling less than pleased. They finally join Ambrose and Rosalind for after-dinner drinks, but Rosalind gets very drunk, and insists on playing the trumpet with the house band. To the surprise of all, she performs a hot jazz solo before falling fast asleep moments later, to Wendy's great amusement. (Kendall mimes the performance of Genevieve to a rendition by jazz trumpeter Kenny Baker.) Alan and Wendy have an argument over Ambrose's supposed romantic attentions to her, and Alan goes off to the garage to sulk. Whilst working on his car in the middle of the night, Ambrose turns up. Angry words are exchanged and Alan impulsively bets Ambrose £100 that he can beat Ambrose back to London, despite racing not being allowed by the club. Ambrose accepts the bet—First over Westminster Bridge. The following morning, despite Rosalind's massive hangover and Wendy's determined disapproval of the whole business, the two crews race back to London. Each driver is determined that his car is the better, come what may, and they both resort to various forms of cheating. Ambrose sabotages Alan's engine, and Alan causes Ambrose to be stopped by the police. Finally, on the outskirts of London (West Drayton), both cars are stopped by traffic police and the four contestants are publicly warned after Alan and Ambrose come to blows. At Wendy's insistence, they decide to call off the bet and have a party instead. But whilst waiting for the Ye olde Greene Manne public house in Rickmansworth to open, words are exchanged and the bet is on again. The two cars race neck-and-neck through the southern suburbs of London. But with only a few yards to go, Genevieve breaks down. As Ambrose's car is about to overtake it, its tyres become stuck in tramlines (London's tram network had closed in 1952 but many of the tracks were still in evidence when the film was made the following year) and it drives off in another direction. The brakes on Genevieve fail and the car rolls a few yards onto Westminster Bridge, thus winning the bet.
Me and Marlborough	British	comedy	Victor Saville	England, 1710. A woman disguises herself as a man and joins up with the Duke of Marlborough's army in Flanders to find her missing husband.[2][3]
Oru Muthassi Gadha	Malayalam	comedy	Jude Anthany Joseph	It narrates the story of a wealthy grandmother, Susamma who helps to change her daughter Jeena's Mother in law Leelamma's repressed behavior by fulfilling her bucket list. Later they together start a make a wish group for elderly and abandoned people. Sibi (Suraj Venjaramoodu) lives, with his wife Jeena (Lena), daughter Alice (Aparna Balamurali), son Alan (Nohad Shajahan) and his aged Mother, Leelamma (Rajini Chandy), in Kochi. Leelamma, is ill-tempered and meddles with everyone and harasses activities of hired helps. Due to her harassment, nobody agrees to work for them until Babu, a Bengali worker agrees to work for them. Leelamma surprisingly gets along well with Babu and the family gets some respite for a while. On his Boss's (Vijayaraghavan) suggestion he decides to go for a family trip. However, on the day before the trip Leelamma due to an altercation with Sibi, backs out of the trip. Sibi and his family decide to continue with the planned trip and call up Sibi's Mother-in-law, Susamma (Bhagyalakshmi) to keep her company. Susamma is sociable and modern in outlook, she is well versed with technology and open to new age fun. After some initial well-meaning tiffs Leelamma and Susamma bond with each other. The two along with Babu decide to celebrate Leelamma's birthday and complete her bucket wish list. On one night after a celebratory round of drinks, Leelamma starts narrating her love story from her college days involving her then classmate Zachariah (Vineeth Sreenivasan). She, however, passes out before she can finish her story. The next day, she wakes up to an eager Susamma waiting for the ending. Leelamma continues to say she broke-up with him and regrets that she could not meet him. Susamma finds all this pent up anger in Leelama is due to this absence of closure in her early life and decides to find Zachariah. They initially planned on going with Babu but the next day, they realize he had left the place without informing them. Not knowing what to do, as Susamma could not drive to far places, they had asked the help of Alice (Aparna Balamurali), their granddaughter whose boyfriend, Milind, tagged along as someone might harass Alice. Together with Leelamma, Alice and Milind (Rajeev Pillai) Susamma visits Zachariah's native place Kurathikad. They unexpectedly find Babu there with their neighbor's daughter and finds out he isn't a Bengali but acted as such to stay in touch with his lover. Along with some help from Babu, Leelamma's old classmate Kurup and his grandson, Briley (Jude Anthany Joseph), they locate the now aged Zachariah (Sreenivasan). However, upon meeting with Zachariah, Leelamma slaps him and leaves from there immediately. On the way back to an angered Susamma, Leelamma reveals that, she had purposefully misled Susamma with the ending of her love-story in order to slap Zachariah who had left Leelamma to fly to the USA on a scholarship after jilting her through a letter and that now she feels relieved. Leelamma and Susamma, later go to an old age home and reveals their plan to institute a program called 'Oru Muthassi Gadha' whereby every month they help complete one wish off one inmate which they never had a chance to fulfill in their youth. The pair then proceeds with Babu to Airport to fly America and complete remaining items on Leelamma's bucket-list.
Stork	Australian	comedy	Tim Burstall	Stork is a 6-foot 7 hypochondriac who dreams of revolution and works at General Motors Holden. He is sacked from his job after doing a strip tease at work and goes to live in a share house in Carlton with his friend Westy and two trendy young men, Tony and Clyde, who share the same girlfriend, Anna. Stork loses his virginity to Anna and falls in love with her. Anna falls pregnant and Clyde decides to marry her. Stork interrupts the wedding.
Sleepover	American	comedy	Joe Nussbaum	On the last day of 8th grade before their freshman year in high school, Julie Corky (Alexa Vega) has a slumber party with 3 best friends, Hannah Carlson (Mika Boorem), Farrah James (Scout Taylor-Compton), and Yancy Williams (Kallie Flynn Childress). As a quartet, they end up having the adventure of their lives. A group of popular girls, led by a former friend of Julie's, Staci Blake (Sara Paxton), challenge the girls to a scavenger hunt. The prize will be a coveted lunchtime seat near the fountain in high school. The losers will have to sit at tables near the school's dumpsters. The list includes things like a picture of the girls with a date inside an exclusive night club, the insignia from a local private security firm, and a pair of boxers from Steve Philips, (Julie's crush), and to dress an Old Navy mannequin with their own clothing. The girls sneak out of Julie's house, and use Yancy's father's Hypermini to travel to various locations and get the required objects. Along the way they dodge a Patroltec security guard (Steve Carell) and try to keep Julie's parents (Jane Lynch and Jeff Garlin) from discovering that they are gone. During their scavenger hunt, Steve Philips sees Julie skateboarding in a dress and is impressed. Later the girls meet up at the school dance, but both have acquired all the items on the list. Stacie suggests a tie breaker, where the group which is able to get the crown from the homecoming king or queen will win. Staci catches her boyfriend, Todd, dancing with another girl who claims that she has been Todd's girlfriend for six months. After the two break up, Staci shares a dance with a scruffy skater friend of Julie's. Yancy shares a dance with a boy who moved speakers for a summer job and who she met earlier in the night. Steve ends up named homecoming king and picks Julie as his partner for a victory dance, giving her the crown and ensuring victory for her friends. After the dance, Julie and Steve are about to kiss when they get a call from Julie's brother that their mother is headed home. The girls race home and pretend to be sleeping just as Julie's parents check on them. The next morning at breakfast, Julie's mom confronts her asking exactly what they did last night, showing Julie the scarf she had dropped in the Cosmo club. Surprisingly, she is not mad but confesses it is difficult to believe how fast Julie is growing up. Then Julie says goodbye to her friends and finds Steve waiting inside her tree fort, where the two begin kissing passionately. The film ends with a scene of Staci and her friends, now in high school, eating their lunch by the school dumpsters among the trash and the social rejects.
The Good Catholic	American	comedy	Paul Shoulberg	Three Catholic priests live in a rectory together. Young Father Daniel runs daily and lost his father in the past year. Father Ollie really likes food and is a big fan of Indiana University basketball. More elderly Father Victor is completely devoted to the church with little outside interests. He finds comfort in setting up the candles and the church for mass by himself in his own specific way. They eat together, set the weekly schedule for baptisms and church services and run the general work of the church. They also discuss scripture, their proposed homilies, and the meaning of God in their lives. One Friday night young Father Dan meets Jane through the confessional box. She tells him she is a musician and is dying. She is new to the church thing but over the weeks they become friends to the point of playing battleship in the confessional. Jane explains how she wants to die but changes her mind at times. Dan gives her a gift of a Bible after a night of Bingo and she is offended. She invites Dan to hear her sing at her coffee house and he goes. One night they reverse roles and she wants him to unburden himself. He tells her that he is happy to be a man of God and help people but he does not see God. They become friends. Throughout the movie each priest gives a sermon. Dan teaches that death gives meaning to life. Enjoy life now for we all die. Father Ollie teaches on compassion. We all need compassion that means to suffer with another. We need to comfort the sick and be there with the dying. Father Victor preaches that no one sees God but he lives inside each of us. God is love. You find God in the love of man. God, love, and man are one. One night Father Dan invites Jane over for dinner at the rectory. Father Ollie is enjoying the food cooked by Dan. Serious Father Victor wants to know what Father Daniel's primary passion is. A Priest has a duty to Christ and cannot be fooled by young love. Jane, offended, leaves. Victor asks Daniel if he has lost his faith; Father Daniel says no, that he never had faith until he met Jane. He has helped her not be alone. By loving her and helping her as a friend he is loving God. He now sees God.
On Approval	British	comedy	Clive Brook	George, 10th Duke of Bristol, and his friend Richard Halton are poverty-stricken members of the British upper class, George having squandered his money on women (as he tells the film's narrator). They attend a party at George's own London home, let to the young, wealthy and attractive American Helen Hale. At the soiree, George is rude to Maria Wislack, a rich widow with whom he is acquainted. Richard is genuinely in love with Maria, but will not tell her so due to his poverty. Meanwhile, George is oblivious to the fact that Helen is in love with him, and finds the thought of marriage distasteful. Maria grows tired of waiting for Richard to make his feelings known and proposes that they spend a month together as man and wife in Scotland on approval to see how they get along (although he will have to sleep in a hotel). George, much to their mutual discomfort, invites himself along. They are soon joined by Helen. The unexpected arrival of additional - and unmarried - guests disturbs Mrs McCosh, Maria's housekeeper, and she soon departs, taking with her all of the household servants. The two couples are left to fend for themselves. Richard does his best to please the demanding Maria, though Helen privately advises him to tell her to go to hell. George, in the meantime, loafs and does nothing to help out. At the end of three weeks, Maria tells Richard that she is willing to marry him and even to settle £5000 a year on him, but when he discovers that what he had thought was a test of his patience turns out to be the way she behaves normally, he turns her down. At the same time, George decides he loves Helen and asks her to marry him. She would have been happy to accept his proposal three weeks before, but after becoming better acquainted with him, she gently turns him down. She eventually begins having second thoughts, however, and she and Richard set about making the others jealous and leave the island together for the hotel on the mainland. As it turns out, George and Maria have the same idea. Eventually, both Helen and Richard have nightmares about their loved ones, together alone in Maria's house, and speed back there. When Richard climbs up to Maria's bedroom window, she is frightened by the (to her) unknown intruder and rushes to George's room. There is where Helen and Richard find them together. Recriminations soon follow. The film then flashes forward to Helen, who is showing the family photo album to her two sons. The narrator addresses her as Lady Bristol, only to be corrected by her. She has married Richard, while George, to the narrator's disbelief, is Maria's partner.
Don't Panic Chaps!	British	comedy	George Pollock	During World War II, a pair of observation teams, German and British, are left on a remote Adriatic island, then forgotten. The two sides call a truce and live harmoniously; that is until beautiful Elsa is cast ashore and war breaks out anew.
The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement	American	comedy	Garry Marshall	Five years after the previous events, Mia Thermopolis has just graduated from Princeton University's Woodrow Wilson School and is returning to Genovia with her bodyguard, Joe. There, she will await her reign once her grandmother, Queen Clarisse, steps down as Queen. During Mia's twenty first birthday party, she dances with all the eligible bachelors in hope of finding a husband. She becomes attracted to a handsome gentleman named Nicholas. During the course of the night, Mia's tiara falls off and is caught by a Member of Parliament, Viscount Mabrey, who secretly plans to steal Mia's crown. While the Parliament is in-session the next morning, Mia stumbles upon a hidden room that allows her to secretly listen in. Viscount Mabrey reveals his nephew, Lord Devereaux, is another heir to the Genovian throne. Despite Queen Clarisse's objection, the only way Mia can assume her duties as Queen is if she marries within the month. Clarisse invites Lord Devereaux to stay at the palace, while Mia is shocked to discover Lord Devereaux is actually Nicholas. Mia's best friend, Lilly Moscovitz, surprises her by visiting. Together, they pick through potential husbands. Mia eventually chooses Andrew Jacoby, Duke of Kenilworth, and days later, they are engaged. Mabrey plans to have Nicholas woo Mia and dissolve the engagement. For a ceremony, Mia is to ride sidesaddle, but is inexperienced. Queen Clarisse provides an ancestral wooden leg decoy to make it look like she's riding sidesaddle. Mabrey spooks Mia's horse with a rubber snake, and Joe rushes to aid Mia, but accidentally tears off the wooden leg. Humiliated, Mia flees to the stables, where Nicholas fails to comfort her. At a garden party, Mia and Nicholas quarrel about Mia's relationship with Andrew; Nicholas tricks Mia into admitting she doesn't love Andrew. Frustrated, she argues, but instead gets bombarded by a kiss. At first, she kisses him back but then backs away. Nicholas pursues her even more, which causes both of them to fall into a fountain. Queen Clarisse finally tells Mia that her behavior with Nicholas needs to stop. During the Genovian Independence Day parade, Mia sees some boys harassing a little girl, and abruptly halts the parade to comfort the girl. Learning that the children are orphans, Mia has a vendor give them all tiaras and lets them walk with her in the parade. Everyone is impressed by her act of generosity, while Mabrey sees it as a political maneuver. Mia later decides to convert one of the royal palaces into a temporary children's center. That night, Mia has her bachelorette party, where Queen Clarisse surfs on a mattress and sings a duet with Princess Asana, one of Mia's good friends. In the meantime, Mabrey realizes Nicholas has fallen for Mia, but Nicholas says that Mia will never love him. Nicholas comes upon Mia as she is practicing her archery as part of her coronation rites. He helps her succeed in getting the arrow to hit the bullseye, something she had been struggling with. Nicholas then informs Mia that he is leaving, but asks to see her just one more time before he goes. She declines, saying she is under close guard. That night, Nicholas appears outside Mia's window and asks her to come out. Lilly encourages her to go, and Mia sneaks out. They ride out to a lake where they share secrets, dance, and eventually fall asleep. They awaken to find a man in a boat videotaping them. Mia thinks Nicholas set her up, while he insists he had no idea. By the time Mia returns to the palace, the scandalous footage is already being broadcast. Andrew is disappointed and kisses Mia to see if there is a romantic spark between them. They realize that they do not love each other, but do not call off the wedding for the good of Genovia. The wedding is to take place the following day, and Mia's mother, Helen comes with her new husband, Patrick and their newborn son, Trevor. Nicholas decides against attending, but his surly housekeeper, Gretchen, informs him that Mabrey engineered their televised scandal. Before the wedding, Joe informs Mia that Nicholas is innocent. Queen Clarisse encourages Mia to follow her heart, something she has never done and has now cost her Joe, the only man she truly loved. Mia reenters the church, and after pointing out how her grandmother has ruled Genovia while unmarried for a number of years, she tells the members of parliament in the audience to consider the significant women in their lives and questions if they would have them do what they're trying to force her to do (marry someone she does not love). Mabrey cites the law again and once again suggests that his nephew be named King, but just then, Nicholas not only refuses the crown, but also disowns Mabrey as his uncle. Mia proposes the law on royal marriages be abolished, and the Parliament unanimously gives its assent. Encouraged by Mia to have her own happy ending, Clarisse proposes to Joe and they are promptly married. About a week later, Mia is preparing for her coronation when Nicholas shows up. He professes his love for Mia on bended knee, and they share a romantic kiss. The next day, Mia is crowned Her Majesty Amelia Mignonette Thermopolis Renaldi, Queen of Genovia, with all in attendance in the royal palace. An epilogue shows that Genovian Parliament now allows female members, one of whom is Charlotte. And Queen Mia officially opens the children's home.
Bob's Baby	American	comedy	Unknown	Bob, a typically devoted husband, is told by his wife that the stork has paid a visit to their household; the first time, it turns out to be a puppy; the second time, expecting another canine, he is surprised to find the more traditional offspring.
Dysfunctional Friends	American	comedy	Corey Grant	The unexpected death of a quirky and wealthy friend has forced nine former friends to reunite at the funeral of their friend; years after graduating college and going their separate ways. After the funeral they learn from Ms. Stevens (Good) that they are all eligible for a big inheritance if they can just spend five days together at his former estate in which she will oversee. The stipulations of their friend's will is if anyone leaves before the five-day period, everyone sacrifices their portion of the estate. What first seems like a lighthearted reunion quickly turns for the worst as old wounds are reopened, and lingering grudges are resurrected. Many of the issues resurrected are created by Ebony's (Gomez-Preston) persistent eavesdropping. The unstable engagement between Lisa (Dash) and Jackson (Owens) is revealed as Jackson and Storm (Keibler) struggle to keep it a secret that they had a sexual relationship a few years ago when Jackson began to date Lisa. Storm didn't know about the relationship at the time and it increases the tension. Gary (Weaver) has become a porn director much to the disgust of all the women in the estate and is desperate to escape the porn industry. However, he is reluctant to admit it and when he approaches Trenyce (White) with screenplay for a movie whom is a struggling actress she assumes it's to do pornography which increases the tension in the household even more. An attempt to have a peaceful dinner with everyone fails as tempers flare and dark secrets are revealed creating new wounds between them all. A few of the friends begin feeling trapped in a mansion with people who know their darkest secrets grows increasingly unbearable and forces them to reconcile their ways. Some of which truly finding their way realizing one of their greatest mistakes was abandoning their friends.[1][3]
Old Mother Riley in Society	British	comedy	John Baxter	Old Mother Riley does the laundry for the dancers in the pantomime Aladdin, where her daughter Kitty works as a chorus girl. Sneaking a peek at the show one day, Mother Riley accidentally pops up through a trap door onto the stage. Accosted by the angry star, Mother Riley’s belligerent responses have the audience in stitches. Outraged, the star walks out, leaving Kitty to take over the leading role, to great success. Kitty is congratulated after the show by wealthy high society boy Tony Morgan, and the couple start to fall in love. Tony and Kitty eventually marry and move into the Morgan family mansion, taking Mother Riley with them, as Kitty’s personal maid. During a swanky party to introduce Kitty to Tony's upper class friends, rumours start up about Kitty’s former stage career. Kitty is about to confess her past, but Mother Riley — fearing this will have damaging effect on her daughter’s social standing — causes a disruption, then leaves a goodbye note and vanishes. Kitty tells Tony the truth, and the couple hire a detective to trace Mother Riley, but without success. Mother Riley works her way through a variety of dead end jobs after separating from Kitty, and ends up living in a dingey hostel and picking up degrading casual work as a dishwasher. A chance encounter with old friend Tug Mulligan results in her reunion with Kitty; Tony’s family explains they’re not high society after all, merely nouveau riche. We made our money in sausages, declares Lady Morgan; then we're all friends together, replies Mother Riley.[3][4]
Muppets Most Wanted	American	comedy	James Bobin	Following the events of the previous film, The Muppets find themselves at a loss as to what to do until Dominic Badguy suggests the Muppets go on a European tour with him as their tour manager. As the Muppets begin their tour, a criminal mastermind named Constantine, a near-exact double for Kermit the Frog in appearance, escapes from a Siberian Gulag and joins his subordinate Dominic to begin a plot to steal the Crown Jewels of the United Kingdom. Once the Muppets arrive in Berlin, Germany, Dominic secures them a show at a prestigious venue. Frustrated with the group's incessant requests and Miss Piggy's insistence they marry, Kermit goes for a walk at Dominic's suggestion. Constantine ambushes him and glues a fake mole onto his cheek then slips away. Mistaken for Constantine, Kermit is sent to the Gulag. Taking Kermit's place, Constantine's blunders in imitating him are covered by Dominic; however, Animal knows the truth. After the Berlin performance opens with Constantine freezing at the audience, Scooter has to introduce the show. Constantine and Dominic steal paintings from a museum while the Muppets perform. The next morning, Interpol agent Jean Pierre Napoleon and CIA agent Sam the Eagle grudgingly team up to apprehend the culprit whom Napoleon believes to be his nemesis The Lemur - the number-two criminal in the world. Meanwhile, Kermit has attempted several times to escape the Gulag but is thwarted each time by prison guard Nadya, who is not only aware of his true identity but is as infatuated with him as Miss Piggy is. Nadya orders Kermit to help organize the prisoners' annual talent show. Following hidden instructions on the stolen painting, Constantine and Dominic divert the tour to Madrid, Spain. Constantine allows the Muppets to perform whatever they wish, much to Walter's confusion. During this show, Constantine and Dominic break into a museum and destroy a roomful of busts to find a key needed for their plan. Even though the performance is a disaster, the Muppets receive critical acclaim. Sam and Napoleon deduce that the connection between the crimes is the Muppet tour, and the pair interrogates the Muppets, only to find that they are too ill-equipped to be guilty. The instructions on the stolen key lead Constantine and Dominic to schedule the next show in Dublin, Ireland. In Dublin, Walter discovers that Dominic has been giving away show tickets and bribing critics to ensure a packed house and rave reviews, while Fozzie Bear notices Kermit's resemblance to Constantine. They both realize that Constantine has taken Kermit's place and brought in Dominic as his accomplice. Constantine attacks Walter and Fozzie, but Animal fends him off and the three escape from the train to rescue Kermit. During the Dublin performance, Dominic steals a locket from a museum and Constantine proposes to Miss Piggy onstage; Piggy accepts, and the pair plan a ceremony to be held at the Tower of London in London, England, where the Crown Jewels are kept. Fozzie, Walter, and Animal reach the Siberian Gulag on the night of the performance, and Kermit uses it as a front to allow them, himself, and all the prisoners to escape the Gulag. Kermit, Fozzie, Walter, and Animal infiltrate the Tower as the wedding begins, and Dominic (with the help of Bobby Benson's Baby Band) manages to steal the jewels. Kermit interrupts the ceremony, revealing Constantine's ruse, but the crook takes Piggy hostage and flees to a helicopter, where he is intercepted by Dominic, who is actually the Lemur and intends to double-cross him. Constantine ejects him from the helicopter and tries to take off with Piggy, but Kermit jumps aboard and the rest of the Muppets climb atop each other to stop the escape. Kermit and Piggy knockout Constantine and both criminals are arrested. Nadya arrives in London to arrest Kermit for escaping. The other Muppets tell her that if she arrests him, then she will have to take all of them as well; she relents, allowing Kermit to go free. The Muppets perform at the Gulag with Constantine and the prisoners participating, ending the film.
Let's Be Cops	American	comedy	Luke Greenfield	Two longtime friends, Justin Miller (Wayans), a struggling video game designer, and Ryan O'Malley (Johnson), an unemployed, washed-up former college quarterback, recall a pact they once made: if they hadn't made it in Los Angeles by the time they were thirty, they would head back to their Columbus hometown. As they leave a bar, their car is hit by a Mercedes Benz G500 driven by an Albanian gang, who intimidate them into not retaliating. Justin attempts to pitch a video game about policemen, but the idea is rudely dismissed by his boss, Todd. Later, Ryan convinces him to use the police uniforms from his presentation as costumes for their college reunion party. Upon attending, they meet many successful former classmates and both are confronted with a sense of failure and they mutually accept to honor their pact. As they walk home, they are treated like real cops and decide to enjoy the gag. They kick the Albanian gang out of Georgie's, a local diner. It allows Justin to finally get the attention of Josie, a waitress to whom he is attracted and who works at the said diner. Ryan decides to take the hoax further than one night. He learns official procedures on YouTube and buys a used Ford Crown Victoria police cruiser, modifying it with decals to resemble a real LAPD car. Although reluctant, Justin agrees to continue the charade, and through it, begins a relationship with Josie. Ryan gets revenge on the Albanians who hit his car, unaware they are actually mobsters blackmailing the owner of Georgie’s. During their many shenanigans, Ryan and Justin end up on a real distress call with Patrol Officer Segars. The experience shakes Justin, who realizes they face serious jail time if exposed. He tries to “retire,” but gets a phone call from Josie about a man frequently harassing her at work. It turns out to be Mossi Kasic, the leader of the same Albanian gang. Once more, the pair are intimidated into doing nothing. Via Segars, Ryan obtains surveillance equipment to gather evidence and put Mossi away, along with an unidentified partner who has been investigating the pair. Ryan convinces Justin to do an undercover operation to obtain information on an incriminating shipment of crates. During the mission, they discover the crates full of SWAT equipment and weapons, along with secret tunnels that run between Mossi's club and Georgie’s restaurant. This necessitates the acquisition of the restaurant, explaining the blackmail. After a few close encounters with the mobsters, they barely escape. Fed up, Justin insists on mailing the evidence anonymously, but Ryan, finding purpose in his life again, is set on delivering it personally. They fight, and part ways. Ryan brings his evidence to Segars, who recommends it go to the highest authority, which is Detective Brolin. Unfortunately, Brolin is actually Mossi's business partner. After instantly recognizing each other, Ryan makes it out of the station, but his sudden threat has blown their cover. Meanwhile, Justin decides to man up and, in uniform, assertively pitches his game again. One of Brolin's officers shows up to try and kill him, inadvertently helping to sell the pitch. Ryan is abducted, and Mossi sends a threatening message to Justin. Overwhelmed, Justin pleas to Segars for help after admitting everything. He also confesses to Josie that he is not a real cop, which he had made previous attempts to do, and she disgustedly leaves him. Justin goes into the tunnels alone while Ryan pits Mossi and Brolin against each other, prompting Mossi to shoot and kill the detective. Justin attempts to save his friend, but is overpowered. Segars arrives, causing Mossi and his crew to retreat. Segars admonishes the duo for their deception and orders them to leave before going after the mobsters, without waiting for backup. Ryan and Justin agree they can’t abandon him, and suit up with the SWAT equipment. They save Segars, but he becomes incapacitated. The pair then face Mossi alone, during which the two reconcile. They fail to take him out, but luckily, Segars is able to show up and shoots Mossi on the side of the neck, saving Justin and Ryan. Thanks to the respective confidence and motivation gained during their impersonations, Justin has become a successful game developer, while Ryan graduates from the police academy as a true, fully-fledged member of the LAPD. Justin apologizes to Josie, and after she forgives him, they rekindle their relationship. Ryan, however, still has not given up on their fun as cops together, and convinces Justin to don the fake uniform once again and join him on patrol.
The Nut Job	American	comedy	Peter Lepeniotis	In the fictional town of Oakton City,[2] a purple squirrel named Surly (Will Arnett) and his mute rat partner Buddy reside in Liberty Park where their thieving reputation has made them outcasts. A group of urban animals led by Raccoon (Liam Neeson) and his cardinal assistant are running low on food for winter. Red squirrel Andie (Katherine Heigl) and glory hogging gray squirrel Grayson (Brendan Fraser) compete with Surly and Buddy to scavenge from a peanut cart manned by Lucky (Scott Yaphe) and Fingers (James Rankin) who are casing a bank. The squirrels' efforts inadvertently end with the cart's propane tank exploding in the park after its cord was bitten by Fingers' pug Precious (Maya Rudolph). The runaway cart ends up destroying and burning the tree, where the animals store their food. Surly is banished and Buddy follows him. In the city, they find Maury's Nut Shop. Adjacent to the bank, it is a criminal hideout used by Lucky, Fingers, their boss Percy King Dimpleweed (Stephen Lang) and Knuckles, who plan to break through the wall and replace the bank's cash with nuts. King's girlfriend Lana (Sarah Gadon) believes King has gone straight and the nut store is legitimate. Raccoon sends Andie and Grayson to the city to find food, but they get separated when a street rat approaches them. Andie recovers Fingers' dog whistle, which Knuckles threw out and Surly had used against Precious, and threatens to dispose of it if Surly does not share the nuts he is going to take. Surly accepts and unwittingly befriends Precious after threatening her with the whistle. Andie informs the park community of the plan. Raccoon reluctantly goes with the plan and assigns Mole (Jeff Dunham) and the Bruisers to go with her. Surly eventually learns from Mole that Raccoon's policy is to control the food supply in order to control the animals, and that Raccoon plans on sabotaging the nut bonanza. When Andie does not believe him, Surly leaves after Grayson reunites with them. After fending off street rats who work for Raccoon, Surly and Grayson chase the criminal gang's getaway truck, which carries Raccoon and the other animals. Surly fights off Cardinal, and Mole defects from Raccoon and reveals the truth to the animals, resulting in Raccoon being voted out of the park community. King and Knuckles use the dynamite inside the empty truck to blow up a police barricade at a dam, but the police shoots the tire on the truck that falls from the dam. It explodes after Surly gets himself and Andie off it, and they fall into the river below. Surly makes it to a log, but finds out that Raccoon, King and Knuckles survived the explosion. Raccoon tries to kill Surly, but the nuts' weight begins to break the log. The animals arrive to rescue them, but Surly, deciding to be selfless in order to protect his friends, lets go of the log and falls into the waterfall with Raccoon. The park community now sees the good side of Surly, and mourns him. The nuts make their way to Liberty Park. King and his associates are arrested as Lana breaks up with King. Andie and Buddy are still mourning over Surly, and when Precious learns what happened, she has Buddy come look at an unconscious Surly near the river. Doleful to see Surly lifeless, Buddy says his first two words: best friend. Surly wakes up and hugs Buddy. Afterward, Precious leaves to meet Lana, who plans to run Maury's Nut Shop. Finding Surly alive, Andie embraces him and suggests to tell the other animals of his heroism. However, Surly declines, yet gains a willingness to work with others, and goes into the city with Buddy, allowing Grayson to take credit for the nuts making it to the park. During the credits, the animals and humans dance with an animated Psy as he performs Gangnam Style. In a mid-credits scene, Raccoon and Cardinal are shown to have survived their ordeal and are sulking on a harbor buoy surrounded by sharks while coming up with another plan. In a post-credits scene, Precious chases Mole to get the bone he is holding that she wants and he drives her away with the dog whistle.
Happy Ever After	British	comedy	Mario Zampi	Aged General O'Leary is fatally injured while trying to jump a wall with his horse. On his deathbed, the beloved old Irishman bequeaths £1000 each to his cousin and fellow landowner Major McGluskey and to Doctor Michael Flynn, and cancels all debts owed to him. The rest of the estate goes to a distant relative, Jasper O'Leary, who has never before set foot in the hamlet of Rathbarney. Jasper very quickly wears out his warm welcome, proving to be an unscrupulous cad who had been saved from marrying a rich but unattractive woman in Capri by his unexpected windfall. He is attracted to Serena McGluskey, a beautiful young widow who has just returned to Rathbarney following the death of her husband. Jasper confides his plan to Serena, Once I squeeze the lemon dry, I'm off. Jasper is so unpopular that some of the disgruntled locals gather in Dooley's pub and decide to participate in a secret lottery to see who will be assigned the task of murdering him. Dooley's assistant, Terence, faints when he is chosen. Lacking confidence in his ability, several groups (without each other's knowledge) decide to do the job themselves. However, working at cross purposes and sometimes just by being unlucky, none of them succeed. Meanwhile, Doctor Flynn is still infatuated with Serena, despite having been jilted by her in the past. He is too blind to see that her sister Kathy is in love with him. Serena's interest in Jasper (and vice versa) eventually cures him. When Serena repeatedly turns down Jasper's repeated proposals of a dalliance, he asks her to marry him. She agrees. Finally, on the night when supposedly the ghost of one of Jasper's ancestors walks the halls, all of the various plotters make another try, but once again interfere with each other. Jasper also takes the opportunity to try to burn down the ancestral mansion for the insurance. None succeed. Then, Father Cormac shows up and makes an announcement. General O'Leary had instructed him to open a letter on that day. The letter contains a new will, which is to go into effect if Jasper proved to be unworthy, leaving the estate to Major McGluskey. Jasper offers to depart if the others will hold off on their murderous attempts. To his surprise and delight, Serena asks to go with him.
Another Gay Movie	American	comedy	Todd Stephens	The story centers around four gay friends who have recently graduated from San Torum High School. Andy (Michael Carbonaro) is an awkward, sex-crazed character who frequently masturbates with his mother's fruits and vegetables. Jarod (Jonathan Chase) is a handsome and fit jock who is quite insecure. Griff (Mitch Morris) is a nerdy, well-dressed guy who is secretly in love with Jarod. Nico (Jonah Blechman) is the most flamboyant, outgoing, and effeminate of the group. The four of them decide to make a pact to have sex by the end of the summer. Each boy proceeds to pursue sex in different ways, with both tragic and comedic results. Nico tries to secure an online date with a man named Ryder (Matthew Rush), but ends up with the grandfather (George Marcy) of their lesbian friend Muffler. Jarod seeks out fellow jocks, including a baseball pitcher named Beau (James Getzlaff), while Griff tries to earn the affection of Angel (Darryl Stephens), a male stripper; Jarod and Griff leave these men to have sex with each other instead, because they are in love. Andy, having failed to seduce his long-time crush, his math teacher, Mr. Puckov (Graham Norton), has a threesome with the rejected Beau and Angel. Much of the humor comes from how awkward each boy is at romance and how naive they are about sex. Each plot backfires horribly, until the boys finally begin to change their attitudes towards sex at the end of the film.
A Sailor-Made Man	American	comedy	Fred C. Newmeyer	The Boy (Lloyd) is an idle playboy and heir to $20,000,000, relaxing at an exclusive resort. When he sees The Girl (Mildred Davis), surrounded by a flock of admirers, he suddenly asks her to marry him. Taken aback, she sends him to get the approval of her father, a tough, hardworking steel magnate. The girl's father knows and disapproves of the Boy's indolence, and demands that he first get a job to prove that he can do something. The Boy sees a recruiting poster and applies to join the United States Navy. When the magnate decides to take a long cruise on his yacht, he tells his daughter to bring along her friends. She invites the Boy, but he finds he cannot get out of his three-year enlistment. Aboard ship, he makes an enemy of intimidating sailor Rough-House O'Rafferty (Noah Young), but when O'Rafferty throws a box at the Boy and strikes a passing officer, the Boy steps up and accepts the blame. He and O'Rafferty then become good friends. The Girl and her friends stop off at the port of Agar Shahar Khairpura, the City of a Thousand Rascals, in the country of Khairpura-Bhandanna, to sightsee, just as the Boy and O'Rafferty get shore leave there. The Girl is delighted to see the Boy and rushes into his arms. However, she has also attracted the attention of the Maharajah of Khairpura-Bhandanna (Dick Sutherland). The potentate has her kidnapped and taken to his palace. The Boy rushes to her rescue and single-handedly manages to outwit the Maharajah and his guards and escape with the Girl. Later, the Boy uses signal flags from his ship to ask with the Girl on her father's yacht, Will you? With her father's approval, she sends a signal back, I will.
The Love Test	British	comedy	Michael Powell	When a woman is made the head of a chemistry laboratory, her colleagues hatch a plot to make her fall in love, and neglect her work duties.[1]
Laughing Gas	American	comedy	Charlie Chaplin	We are told Charlie is a dental assistant. He arrives at work where the patients are already waiting. He joins the tiny second dental assistant in the back room. They have a brief squabble then Charlie goes to the waiting room to clean the floor with a carpet sweeper. He bumps into a patient and a further squabble starts. Then back to the rear room for more squabbling. The dentist arrives, and his first patient goes in, obviously in pain. The dentist prepares the nitrous oxide anaesthesic (also known commonly as laughing gas due to its effects prior to and after unconsciousness). With the man unconscious he pulls his tooth, but then he can't get him to wake up. He calls for Charlie and when he arrives the dentist runs off. Charlie tries to wake him and eventually tries hitting his head with a mallet. The man revives but starts laughing. Charlie knocks him out with the mallet. The dentist then returns and Charlie is sent to the drug store to get a prescription. After more fighting with the patients he goes from Dr Pain's surgery to the Sunset Pharmacy. He strikes a man standing at a news-stand outside. He looks at a woman (the dentist's wife) and Charlie kicks him in the stomach before chasing the woman himself, and an incident occurs where she loses her skirt and runs off in embarrassment. He continues fighting with the man, who receives a brick in the face, thus becoming another dental patient. A second brick hits a passer-by equally losing him a tooth. Meanwhile, the dentist gets a phone call from his maid to say his wife has had an accident and he goes home. Charlie returns to find the surgery empty. He picks the prettier of the two female patients in the waiting room. The other lady leaves, leaving them alone. Charlie flirts with her and looks very closely into her mouth, stealing kisses. Meanwhile, the two men struck by bricks arrive. The girl leaves. The tall passerby goes in next. Charlie uses a huge pair of pliers to remove another tooth. With all the noise the news-stand victim enters and a final fight ensues.
The Outcasts	American	comedy	Peter Hutchings	Best friends Mindy (Eden Sher) and Jodi (Victoria Justice) have suffered years of torment under the thumb of the school's mean girls Whitney and Mackenzie (Claudia Lee, Peyton List). They plan to ride out their senior year under the radar, but when they become the victim of a humiliating prank, the two hatch a plan to unite the outcasts of the school and start a social revolution. They join forces with Dave (Avan Jogia), an affable slacker, Claire (Katie Chang), a girl scout with a secret, and Virginia (Ashley Rickards), an overachiever with dirt on everyone.
Homely Meals	Malayalam	comedy	Anoop Kannan	Homely Meals is about the journey of Alan (Vipin Atley), an odd looking youngster who is crazy about films and wants to make a mark in the visual media with aid from his rowdy friends. However, his dream is stumbled upon by his former friend Sajith (Kailash) and Sharath Chandran (Manoj K. Jayan), Sajith's mentor, who had previously helped Sajith steal credit for Alan's show.
Made in Heaven	British	comedy	John Paddy Carstairs	Young married couple Basil (David Tomlinson) and Julie Topham (Petula Clark) enter the ancient annual Dummow Flitch Trials (in which a married couple can win a side of bacon if at the end of one year, they have 'not wisht themselves unmarried again'). However, the Topham's happy household, and then an entire village is thrown into chaos with the arrival of an attractive Hungarian housemaid (Sonja Ziemann).
Fred Claus	American	comedy	David Dobkin	A baby is born, and within a few minutes of his birth, he starts saying: Ho, ho, ho!. Mother Claus calls her son, Frederick, over to meet his new brother, whom she has decided to name Nicholas. Mother Claus lovingly refers to the new baby as her little Saint Nick. During Christmas, when Nick opens his gifts including Fred's, he decides to give them away to orphans which makes Fred angry. Mother Claus advises Fred to be a better person by stating he should be more like his brother; this in turn causes Fred to resent Nick. Feeling isolated, Fred often climbs a tree to confide his problems in a bird. On one occasion, Nick cuts down the tree, saying that now Fred can bring it inside since he liked it so much. However, the birdhouse Fred's confidant lived in is smashed, causing the bird to leave; this causes a permanent rift between Fred and Nick. In the present day, it is revealed that when Nick becomes a saint due to all his good deeds, he, Fred, and Mother and Father Claus become frozen in time, never to age. Nick has become the modern-day Santa Claus, giving gifts to people and Fred works as a repossession agent in Chicago to take them away. His girlfriend, Wanda, gets mad at him for forgetting that her birthday was the next day. Wanda refers to a previous birthday where Fred promised to take her to France. When Fred gets back to his own apartment, he watches TV when a young orphan boy named Samuel Slam Gibbons comes in. Slam talks about wanting a puppy named Macaroni for Christmas. Fred is attacked by countless men dressed up as Santa and after he gets arrested, he calls his brother for $5,000 bail money. He also asks for an additional $50,000 for a get rich quick scheme. Nick agrees to give him the bail money, but tells him that if he wants the $50,000, he has to come to the North Pole and work for it. Soon after, an elf named Willie shows up to take Fred to the North Pole. He is the head elf and has a crush on Santa's Little Helper, Charlene. Once Fred and Willie arrive at the North Pole, Nick welcomes Fred and shows him around the North Pole. There is a snow globe in the main area of the workshop, where you can say any person's name and see if they are being naughty or nice. While Fred starts working, Nick introduces Clyde Northcut, an efficiency expert who has come to evaluate the North Pole. Clyde takes Nick to the workshop and on the way tells Nick that he has three strikes. If Nick gets three strikes, the workshop will be shut down for good. Meanwhile, the workshop is in a state of chaos because of Fred, and Clyde says that Nick's inability to control his work staff is strike one. That night at dinnertime, Nick convinces Fred to come to dinner with Mother and Father Claus and Clyde. Sitting down at the dinner table, Mother Claus continues to praise Nick, while Fred storms out and heads to Frosty's Tavern, an elf bar, where he meets Willie, who discusses his lack of self-confidence regarding Charlene. Fred teaches Willie to dance, and Willie then falls down in front of Charlene, embarrassing himself. A pep talk by Fred later lifts his spirits. Meanwhile, Clyde deliberately sabotages the mail sorting department by shredding countless children's letters, which later gives Nick a second strike. Believing that Fred is putting Nick under stress, a family meeting is called (which Fred was tied up and taken to) with Wanda present, and Fred leaves by saying that therapy is for families who want to be together, and their family does not have that problem. When Slam is placed at the top of the most naughty list, Fred understands that Slam has just had it hard and is not naughty. He then stamps every kids' description as nice. Furious at what Fred has done wrong, Nick ends up fighting with him, in which Nick injures his back. Angry with Nick, Fred leaves the North Pole with his $50,000, but Nick gives Fred a present to take with him. Fred waits until he returns home to open the gift, which is a birdhouse, a replacement for the one on the tree, and a note from Nick which says, I'm sorry for cutting down your tree. Love, Nick. Fred is confused and enters a Siblings Anonymous meeting. At the end, Bill Clinton's younger half-brother, Roger Clinton Jr, makes a speech about his brother's success. Back at the North Pole, it looks like Christmas is lost. Nick is in bed and cannot make his Christmas Eve journey of delivering presents. Willie reminds Fred that, according to a long-standing rule, only a member of the Claus family can deliver the presents and Fred qualifies. Fred begins delivering presents to children around the world and Willie joins him to assist with the flying of the sleigh and the navigation. Meanwhile, Clyde sabotages their efforts at midnight by shutting off the power, which was the only way for the North Pole to communicate to Fred and Willie, helping them navigate. While Fred and Willie attempt to finish delivering the gifts for the children, Nick talks to Clyde by realizing that when he was a boy, Clyde did not get what he wanted from Nick because he would act up due to bullying, which resulted in him growing up to be the man he is. Nick realizes, thanks to Fred, that his definition of naughty was flawed. Nick makes peace with him by giving Clyde the Superman cape he wanted as a kid but never got. Fred stops by the foster home to visit Slam and bring him the puppy (Macaroni) he wanted. Fred faces away from Slam to hide his identity and explains to Slam that he should become a better person. As the rest of the elves anxiously wait in the tavern, Willie marches in and, with newfound confidence, he walks up to Charlene, grabs a chair to stand on, and kisses her. After Fred announces that Christmas has been saved, everyone gathers around the giant snow globe to watch the children of the world open their presents. Nick tells Fred that he is the best big brother anybody could ever ask for, and they finally make amends. Fred returns to Wanda's house and she is initially upset to see him and tells him to leave. He refuses and states that he is moving in with her. He gives her a present. Wanda opens it to find a teddy bear holding a French flag. That night, Fred takes Wanda to France in Santa's sleigh, and they circle around the Eiffel Tower (It's a company car. It's one of the perks. says Fred). The two continue dating, and Charlene and Willie are now happy together. By next Christmas, Slam is adopted, but Fred never stops watching out for him - even becoming the coach of his Little League Baseball team. As for Clyde, Nick hires him as an efficiency consultant and he teaches the elves how to use a spreadsheet. Nick and Mrs. Claus, as well as Nick and Fred's parents visit Fred's and Wanda's house for Christmas. It is evident that Fred and his mom have grown closer. Fred has also become a true Claus; while Nick has lost a bit of weight, Fred has gained some. The movie ends by showing the bird house hung up outside Fred's window, and a bird, who looks like the one Fred befriended, perched on it.
Our Russia. The Balls of Fate	Russian	comedy	Gleb Orlov	The story begins with Viktor Marianovich Ryabushkin, the richest billionaire in Moscow. He had the Golden Balls of Genghis Khan, which brought him wealth and power. He would show them to his family and friends but after that, he killed them so that they would not tell anyone his secret. After he murdered them all, he decided to make repairs since the traces of bullets damaged the walls in the house. Brigadier Leonid receives an order to repair the apartment. Ravshan and Dzhamshut again come to Moscow for repairs in Marjanovic's apartment. Once there, migrant workers tear down and ruin expensive interior items and find the hiding place with the Golden Balls of Genghis Khan. Hearing on the TV about an accident with a minibus, they think that their boss is in trouble and start looking for him around the city. They manage to lose his money in a lottery, but having stolen a car from the casino, they visit the corporation of another oligarch, Oleg Robertovich, and destroy the career of Nikolai Baskov. Later they came to the Sklifosovsky Institute, bury the skeleton with the chief's clothes and fight against the zombie boss, defeat Victor Marjanovich, get the Balls of Fate and return.
Raising a Riot	British	comedy	Wendy Toye	Commander Peter Kent of the Royal Navy and his wife May have three children, ranging from five to eleven years: Peter, Anne and Fusty. Kent comes home after three years abroad with no idea how to handle the children. When Mary has to fly to Canada, Peter takes his children to his father's new country home, which turns out to be a windmill. They end up clashing with an American family in the neighbourhood.
Lady from Lisbon	British	comedy	Leslie S. Hiscott	When the Nazis steal Leonardo da Vinci's Mona Lisa, a South American art lover travels to Lisbon to spy for the Germans in return for the famous painting. But inept Nazi agents, counterspies, racketeers and multiple fakes of the masterpiece soon confound all attempts.
Under New Management	British	comedy	John E. Blakeley	Chimney sweep Joe (Norman Evans) inherits a dilapidated hotel which, with the help of former army chums as staff, he starts to turn around. A pair of devious property developers however, attempt to buy the hotel from him, knowing that the land is due to be redeveloped, and to increase in value when an airport is built nearby.
Brandy for the Parson	British	comedy	John Eldridge	Bill and Petronilla are a young couple on a yachting holiday. They agree to give a lift to friendly Tony and his cargo, who unbeknownst to them is a brandy smuggler. Before they know it, the couple are fleeing cross-country, chased by customs men.[4]
Win a Date with Tad Hamilton!	American	comedy	Robert Luketic	The film opens with a soldier and nurse getting out of two 1940-style cars in the middle of night. The nurse runs up to the soldier and the camera switches to reveal this to be a scene from a film. Three Piggly Wiggly store workers in Fraziers Bottom, West Virginia—Rosalee, Cathy, and Pete—are watching and as the nurse on screen asks for forgiveness and the soldier agrees, the women in the audience are moved to tears as Pete is clearly unimpressed. As the ladies wonder what Tad Hamilton—the star of the film—is doing at that moment, their prediction of praying is proven false as the scene cuts to Tad—described in the next scene by his agent—drinking, driving, smoking, leering, and groping all at the same time. Tad's agent tells him that his hedonistic lifestyle is damaging his reputation and career opportunities. In order to improve his image and convince a director to cast him in an upcoming film, his agents establish a competition to win a date with Tad with proceeds going towards the charity Save the Children. An online advertisement for the competition is found by Rosalee. With the help of the Piggly Wiggly customers and the reluctant agreement of Pete, Cathy and Rosalee raise the $100 entrance money as Pete reveals to his superior that he will leave for Richmond to go to college after he has a discussion with someone about going to Richmond with me. A news crew arrives outside Rosalee's house, signalling her success at winning a date with Tad Hamilton. Subsequently, a despondent Pete sees her off at the airport. Rosalee is awed by Los Angeles and becomes tongue-tied in Tad's presence; the date does not go well as Rosalee vomits in the limousine and Tad mentioning his love of animals—which Pete had warned was a signal of sexual intentions—rouses her suspicions. After seeing Tad's house, Rosalee requests to go back to the hotel and soon returns home, leaving Tad thoughtful. As Pete is about to tell Rosalee about moving to Richmond she is surprised—as much as Pete is disappointed—by Tad's sudden arrival to rekindle their relationship. Though Rosalee is still cynical of him as he uses a line from one of his films, his admission of not having his priorities straight seems to convince her of his good intentions. During a phone call with his agent, Tad insists that he wants to turn over a new leaf, and will not return to Los Angeles for a while. When he picks Rosalee up for a date he leaves a good impression on Rosalee's father, who had studied hard for the encounter. Pete tries to stop their date by reporting the pair for illegally parking. He tries to convince Rosalee that Tad is just using her. Despite all his efforts, Rosalee and Tad grow close over the next few days. In the bar, Pete corners Tad in a men's room stall. After conceding that Rosalee is in love with Tad, Pete tells Tad that Rosalee is more than a wholesome small town girl, Rosalee is a wonderful person with the kind of beauty a guy only sees once. He explains about her six smiles: one smile when something makes her laugh, one for polite laughter, one for when she makes plans, one when she makes fun of herself, one when she's uncomfortable, and one when she's talking about her friends. Pete makes Tad swear not to break her heart or he will tear Tad to pieces with his bare hands or vicious rhetoric. When the pair is in Tad's hotel room, his agents appear and inform him that the director has decided to cast him in the film after all. Tad is overjoyed and convinces Rosalee to come to Los Angeles with him by using Pete's six smiles speech. After a rousing speech about great love from Angelica, a barmaid with a crush on him, Pete rushes to Rosalee's house and confesses his love for her but she is confused and resolves to still go to LA with Tad. On the plane when Tad fails to identify one of Rosalee's smiles, he confesses his lie and she asks to go home. She runs to Piggly Wiggly and Pete's house, then drives furiously towards Richmond to overtake her heartbroken friend. Similar to the opening scene, Rosalee and Pete get out of their cars and Pete, surrendering to a romantic song on the car radio, asks her to dance.
In a World...	American	comedy	Lake Bell	Sam Sotto is a Hollywood actor who is known as king of voice-overs for his extensive narration and voice-over work. He has recently published an autobiography and is about to receive a lifetime achievement award upon turning 60. His 31-year-old daughter, Carol Solomon, is a struggling vocal coach who has always been overshadowed by her father. Sam forces Carol to move out of his house so that he can live with his girlfriend Jamie, who is a year younger than Carol. Carol leaves to stay with her older sister Dani and her husband Moe. An upcoming film series, The Amazon Games, plans to bring back the In a world... line made famous by the late Don LaFontaine. The trailer voice-over is highly sought after. Sam bows out so that his friend and heir-apparent, Gustav Warner, can assume the role, but Gustav develops laryngitis and fails to show up to a temp track recording. Carol happens to be at the studio doing other work with engineer Louis, and she substitutes for Gustav. The series' executive producer decides she wants Carol for the job instead. Carol also gets other voice-over work, but she neglects to tell her self-absorbed father about her newfound success. Gustav and Sam feel entitled and are dismissive of the unknown woman who stole the job from them. Carol visits Dani at the hotel where Dani works as concierge. Intrigued by the voice of a flirtatious Irish guest, she asks Dani to interview and record him for her voice archive. During the interview, Dani pretends to be single. Carol joins Sam and Jamie at a party at Gustav's mansion. Gustav flirts with her, and Carol ends up staying the night. While waiting for Dani to come home from work, Moe listens to the recording of her interview with the hotel guest and is shocked at her lie. He leaves the apartment after she arrives. Rumors spread quickly about Carol and Gustav. Gustav boasts to Sam of his night with some party-crasher, and when Gustav learns she is the woman in competition for the job, he decides to keep pursuing her, still not fully realizing who she is. Sam and Jamie host a meal for Sam's daughters. It comes out that Carol is the mystery woman in the running for the coveted job. Sam is indignant, furious at Gustav, and dismissive of Carol, causing her to leave angry. Sam vows to compete for the job himself. Dani is distraught about her husband, and Carol secretly records her anguish, sending the message to Moe to help win him back. Competition for the job heats up. All three must send recordings for the studio to decide among. Carol is ready to drop out, but Louis champions her cause, also explaining that he likes her. Carol admits she likes him, too. They work together to produce the audition recording, then party together afterwards. At the end of the night, Louis finally kisses her. Though Carol is still angry at her father, Moe insists that she and Dani go to the Golden Trailer Awards, where Sam is due to receive a lifetime achievement award. There the trailer for The Amazon Games is revealed; Carol got the job and is elated. Sam storms off. Jamie berates him and threatens to leave him if he does not grow up and show support for his daughters. During his acceptance speech, Sam is magnanimous in victory, dedicating the award to his daughters. In the ladies room, Carol encounters the executive producer, Katherine Huling, who bluntly tells Carol that she was not the best person for the job, but was chosen for the greater meaning of having a woman in that role. In the final scene, Carol goes back to her work as a voice coach, helping low self-esteem, high-pitched, squeaky-voiced women to speak less like a baby doll or sexy baby and be taken more seriously as mature women, using her voice-over on The Amazon Games trailer as their inspiration.
Are We Done Yet?	American	comedy	Steve Carr	Following the events of Are We There Yet?, Nick Persons (Ice Cube) has married Suzanne (Nia Long) and moved in with her, Kevin (Philip Daniel Bolden), and Lindsey (Aleisha Allen) into his apartment, also purchasing a 2007 Cadillac Escalade (after he accidentally blew up his Lincoln Navigator SUV in the previous film by leaving the lighter unattended inside). He has also sold his sports memorabilia store to his best friend, Marty (played by Jay Mohr in the first film). The family has also got a Berger Picard and named it Coco. While getting ready for an interview with Magic Johnson, Suzanne tells Nick that she is pregnant and they later find out that there will be twins. For more space, Suzanne and Nick go check out a house in the suburbs. They meet Chuck Mitchell Jr. (John C. McGinley) there, and after some talking, Nick decides to take the house. The family then packs up their things and moves into the house, with Lindsey and Kevin – mostly the former – being against it. However, he didn't get it inspected first and they find mold in the house, so Nick is angry with Chuck as he almost destroys their house. Meanwhile, Lindsey sneaks out to go to a party and when Nick finds out, he grounds her. He finally decides to fire Chuck, which causes Suzanne to take the kids and move into the guest house, with the parting shot, You're the one tearing this family apart, Nick! After taking some time to think, Nick decides to fix the house on his own and also to apologize to Chuck especially when he was told that Chuck lost his wife few years previously. Chuck responds by bringing his friends to help, including Lindsey and Kevin. When Suzanne goes into labor with the hospital half an hour away, Nick, Kevin and Lindsey have to deliver the babies. Chuck tries to get there, but his truck breaks down and he power walks down to the house. While she's still in labor, Nick gets a call from Magic. After Suzanne gives birth to twins boys, the movie ends six months later with a big barbecue in their backyard at which Nick debuts his new magazine titled Are We Done Yet?, based on his experience building the house.
London	Tamil	comedy	Sundar C.	Sivaraman (Prashanth), an easy going young man, comes to London in search of a job. He loses all his certificates. Finds Kadhir (Pandiarajan), wandering in London aimlessly without a job. Now they need job & money. Kadhir persuades Sivaraman to join in a bank robbery planned by Baskar (Manivannan) - his stammering brother Natrajan (Mayilsamy) & Aishwarya (Mumtaj), who is Baskar‘s lover which lands them in more trouble as the robbery ends vainly. Aishwarya informs the police about the robbery & tells that the entire plan was hatched by Baskar. Baskar hides the money before getting arrested & the place is known only to his lawyer - Vedimuthu (Vadivelu). Aishwarya fakes to be in love with Vedimuthu to find where the money is hidden. Meanwhile, to find a safe cover Sivaraman & Kadhir plan to imitate Saravanan, the grandson of rich elderly couple, (Vijayakumar and wife Parvathy (Srividya)). They haven't seen their grandchild since his birth. Sivaraman & Kadhir end up disguising with the body of Kadhir & the voice of Sivaraman to make up for Saravanan in front of the blind couple. Ganesh (Delhi Ganesh), who knows Kadhir before, makes several attempts to expose the truth to the old couple. But all fail to the luck of the Sivaraman & Kadhir. All of a sudden Anjali (Ankitha) arrives in the disguises of lover of Saravanan. She calls on all the relatives of the blind couple. The relatives arrive in the absence of Sivaraman. Finding no-way out Kadhir pretends to have fainted unconscious & he gets admitted to hospital. Sivaraman comes to his rescue & says that he is Dr. Karthikeyan, a friend of Saravanan from America. Amidst their drama, Kadhir tries to steal the statue of Lord Muruga for which he plays a trick to injure the old blind woman which keeps all others out of the house for sometime. Sivaraman engages in a fight with Kadhir when he tries to leave with the statue he had stolen. The old man accuses his relatives for his wife’s accident & asks all his relatives to leave at once. Sivaraman & Kadhir gets desperate. Anjali reveals that she is Saravanan's actual lover & Saravanan died in an accident in America. She had come to intimate this to the old couple. After revealing all this she gives them money & asks them to get out of the house. Sivaraman refuses to take the money & asks Kadhir not to take the money. Kadhir leaves Sivaraman in anger taking the money with him. Sivaraman returns to the old man & confesses all his mistakes. The old man asks them to continue the drama for the sake of his wife Parvathy, who loves her grandson more than her life. Parvathy comes & calls Saravanan but she gets no replies but finally gets hold of Kadhir's arms who has returned in remorse.
Paperback Hero	Australian	comedy	Antony J. Bowman	The film follows the adventures of a truck driver, Jack Willis, from rural Australia after he writes a bestselling novel. Being embarrassed by its romantic content, he uses the name of his female friend as a pen name. When a publisher decides to take the author Ruby Vale on, he is suddenly faced with a problem. He tells his friend that he has used her name, and initially, she wants to tell the publisher the truth. However, Jack and the publisher convince her by telling her that they will organise her wedding, (she is marrying Jack's best friend, Hamish) and so, Ruby is convinced. Ruby and Jack then go to Sydney together, so that she can gain the book some more publicity. On the way, Ruby reads his book and finds that the lead female character is herself, and the main male character, Brian, is Jack. She is significantly touched by his book, even crying when she reads of Brian's death. The next few days go smoothly, although Ruby often voices her opinion that Jack should get the credit for writing such a story. Things turn sour however, when the publisher finds out that Jack is indeed the author, but tells Jack not to let Ruby know. He doesn't, and that night the couple kiss after another publicity event. Hamish comes to Sydney, as he knows that Jack is the author, and tells Ruby, just before she is about to go on a satellite feed through to London, that he will stay for as long as it takes him to have a drink. That, coupled with the eventual knowledge that he knows who the real author is, sends Ruby back to Hamish and back to her rural hometown. Jack does not follow her, instead staying and eventually making up his mind on what to do. While watching the T.V. in the local cafe, she hears Jack's voice on it. She finds that he has let the world know that he is the real author of the novel. Soon after this, Hamish breaks up with her, knowing that she really loves Jack. As Ruby is wiping away the tears and driving home, she sees a plane flying overhead, spelling the words, I love you. She stops her car, and the plane lands in front of her. Jack hops out, and after some gentle sparring of words, they kiss and the story ends.
Queen of Hearts	British	comedy	Monty Banks	Grace Perkins (Gracie Fields) is an ordinary working class seamstress who is mistaken as a rich patron of the arts. When she's asked to back a new show she plays along with the charade, hoping that she can become the production's leading lady. When the show opens Grace is a huge hit and goes on to become a glamorous star.
Kamaal Dhamaal Malamaal	Bollywood	comedy	Priyadarshan	The insinuating cry of every man, woman and child in this village when they see Johnny Belinda (Shreyas Talpade). Afraid of everything and everyone, Johnny is one terrified soul. Born into the household of Om Puri, a local farmer and being the only son, Johnny does what he's best at to help his ailing father. Nothing, other than buying lottery tickets every week. The only thing going in his life is his love for Maria (Madhurima) the daughter of the village's biggest gunda (gangster), Paresh Rawal, and sworn enemy of Om Puri. Paresh Rawal, armed with three herculean sons, goes to all ends to make sure his daughter and Johnny never marry, until one day, hope comes in the form a silent, strong but hungry man, Nana Patekar. One sudden day, Johnny and his family find Nana in their well. They get him out and feed dinner. Next day, Nana and Johnny go to market, where the Paresh Rawal's sons were beating Johnny. Nana saves Johnny and beats the goons in return. The friend of Johnny asks him is Nana your lost brother, Sam? With the question, Johnny gets an idea that I can pose him as my brother, include in my family and have a bodyguard for myself. Johnny convinces Nana to be his brother Sam and tells him the story of his family history. Johnny introduces Nana to his family. The family, in long wait of their lost son, accepts Nana as their lost son, Sam. Nana becomes Sam. With the help of his brother Sam, Johnny starts influencing entire village. Sam also works hard in the farm and helps family earn good livelihood. He is well accepted in the family. With the arrival of Sam, good days come to the family. One day, a person tells Johnny's friend that he has seen Nana in a Kolkatta jail, convicted of rape and murder of a woman. Johnny tries to convinces his family that Nana is not Sam but a rapist and murderer. Om Puri, father of Johnny, says Sam has told him that Sam has already told him the story of his going to jail. Johnny asks Sam to tell one thing which he has not told Sam as family history. Sam asks for a mango tree which was there. This convinces Om Puri and family that Nana is actually Sam. They in turn throw away Johnny out of home. Johnny takes a job at church and starts living as the neighbor of his father's house. He keeps looking opportunity to kill Sam, but all in vain. On the eve of Christmas, Sam sets home into fire. Everyone thinks Johnny has done the same and blame him. Johnny, disappointed with himself, writes a suicide note sitting in his hut. At that time, he sees Sam and another man enter into burnt hut. He follows them and finds that Sam and the man have dug in the home. They take out the stolen golden cross of the village church. Johnny is seen by Sam and the other man. Sam tells johnny that he had stolen it long back and hidden under the mango tree and ran away. Later in mean time, he came out of jail, the tree was cut and home was built. So to get this, he had set the home in fire. In mean, time, the other man runs away with the cross. Johnny and Sam catch him in the field. The other man confesses that he was the one who had raped and murdered the lady and told police that Sam had done it so. Sam beats the man to death. Sam injures Johnny who was trying to take the cross for church, but Sam injures him and walk with the cross. But he falls in well. Johnny, feeling grateful to Sam's earlier help, rescues him. Sam was walking with cross but johnny reminds him of the love Sam received from family. Hearing this, Sam leaves the cross there only. Johnny brings the cross to Church, but people accuse him as thief. Johnny was unable to prove his innocence. Suddenly, Sam appears and puts the dead body of the other man as thief. The village accepts this. As decided, if Johnny gets the golden cross for Church, he gets married to Maria. Johnny tells Sam that, now he is permanent member of the family.
Keep It Quiet	British	comedy	Leslie S. Hiscott	Joe Puddlefoot becomes involved with criminals trying to steal valuable jade pieces belonging to the distinguished Sir Charles Goode.[2]
Barry McKenzie Holds His Own	Australian	comedy	Bruce Beresford	The film continues directly where The Adventures of Barry McKenzie ended with Barry McKenzie (Barry Crocker) and his aunt Dame Edna returning home to Australia from England. During the flight two henchmen of Count Plasma (Donald Pleasence) (a Dracula-type Minister of Culture from the People's Republic of Transylvania) mistake Dame Edna for the Queen of England and kidnap her during their brief stopover in Paris, believing that she will draw tourists to their country. It is then up to Barry, his identical twin brother the Reverend Kevin McKenzie, his Parisian expatriate Aussie friend Col the Frog (Dick Bentley) and his other expatriate mates in France and England to head a team of Australian agents to be parachuted into Transylvania and rescue Edna. Barry and Edna return home to Australia and are greeted by Gough Whitlam and his wife. Whitlam makes Edna a dame.
 Cake: A Wedding Story	American	comedy	Will Wallace	When two star-crossed lovers, set on eloping, are forced into having a big wedding, the bride develops a plan of her own. Unfortunately, the groom is not privy to the plan. Meanwhile, family and friends start to take sides at a reception for a wedding that never took place.[3]
Kiss Me Sergeant	British	comedy	Monty Banks	In India, a British soldier saves the jewelled eye of a sacred idol.
Movie 43	American	comedy	See Segments	Movie 43 is a series of different sketches containing different scenes and scenarios. The film is composed of multiple comedy shorts presented through an overarching segment titled The Pitch, in which Charlie Wessler (Dennis Quaid), a mad screenwriter, is attempting to pitch a script to film executive Griffin Schraeder (Greg Kinnear). After revealing several of the stories in his script, Wessler becomes agitated when Schraeder dismisses his outrageous ideas, and he pulls a gun on him and forces him to listen to multiple other stories before making Schraeder consult his manager, Bob Mone (Common), to purchase the film. When they do so, Mone's condescending, humiliating attitude toward Schraeder angers him to the point that, after agreeing to make the film the biggest film since Howard the Duck, he confronts Mone in the parking lot with a gun and tries to make him perform fellatio on the security guard (Will Sasso) (Wessler had gotten on the lot by doing the same thing) and kill him if he does not make the film. Wessler tries to calm Schraeder down with more story ideas to no avail, but Mone pulls out a gun and shoots Schraeder to death. The segment ends with it being revealed that it is being shot by a camera crew as part of the movie, leading into the final segments. The structure of the film released in some countries, like the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, differs. Instead of a pitch, the films are connected by a group of three teenagers searching for the most banned film in the world, Movie 43, which will ultimately lead to the destruction of civilization.[5] Calvin Cutler (Mark L. Young) and his friend J.J. (Adam Cagley) make a video in the style of MTV's Jackass and upload it on YouTube where it instantly reaches over 1,000,000 views. This turns out to be an April Fool's prank from Calvin's younger brother Baxter (Devin Eash), who cloned YouTube and hyper-inflated the views while working on his science project. Calvin and J.J. attempt to get revenge. They tell Baxter of a film that's so dangerous it will cause the annihilation of the world. The movie is known as Movie 43. While J.J. and Baxter look for Movie 43 on Google, Calvin retrieves Baxter's laptop and loads it with viruses from porn sites, and masturbates to a strip tease video on the porn sites in a bathroom. Baxter finds hundreds of results for Movie 43 on a website referred to by him as a dark corner of the Internet. They find the sketches starting from the 43rd search on the list of results. As he and J.J. keep watching videos, they are interrupted by a man known as Vrankovich (Fisher Stevens) and a group of Chinese mobsters (Tim Chou and James Hsu) who are tempted to find Movie 43, even going as far as to take J.J.'s classmate Stevie Schraeder (Nate Hartley), film executive Griffin Schraeder's oldest son, hostage. Vrankovich warns them that if they find Movie 43, civilization will be left to ruins. They ignore his claims and keep searching. They eventually find the real, the one and only Movie 43, which turns out to involve Baxter as a profane commando who leads a group of recruits to survive after the world has ended. As Calvin finishes ruining Baxter's laptop, their mother (Beth Littleford) enters, wearing the same shirt and shorts that the woman in the strip tease video wore, causing Calvin to flip out after realizing that he had masturbated to a video of his mother. He also has visions, and finds semen from his erect crotch on his hand causing him to stare at his hand in shock and horror. Afterward, a deadly earthquake rumbles and mankind is lost. However, a few years later the only survivor, a crippled Calvin, finds Baxter's laptop still working despite viral infections. He watches the last remaining skits on the laptop. This version of the film was released in the U.S. as part of the Blu-ray Disc of Movie 43 as an unrated alternate cut of the film. Beth (Kate Winslet) is a single businesswoman who goes on a blind date with Davis (Hugh Jackman), the city's most eligible bachelor. When the two arrive together at a restaurant, Beth is shocked when he removes his scarf, revealing a pair of testicles dangling from his neck. Over dinner it confuses her that Davis fails to acknowledge his anatomical abnormality, and that nobody seems to be surprised by it. When two friends of Davis (Roy Jenkins and Katie Finneran) come by, one of them convinces him to give Beth a kiss. Davis agrees, but when he kisses her, his neck-testicles are dangling near Beth's mouth, causing her to scream and budge out of the kiss. Having recently moved, Sean (Alex Cranmer) and Clare (Julie Ann Emery) have coffee with their new neighbors. The neighbors, Robert (Liev Schreiber) and Samantha (Naomi Watts) have a teenage son, Kevin (Jeremy Allen White), whom they have home-schooled. Sean and Clare begin inquiring about the homeschooling, and the numerous manners in which Robert and Samantha have replicated a full high school experience within their home, going as far as hazing, bullying, and giving out detentions, are revealed. They believe the experience should be as awkward as possible, like real high school. This includes throwing parties that exclude Kevin, Samantha instigating Kevin's first kiss and Robert revealing romantic feelings for Kevin. Visibly disturbed, the neighbors end up meeting Kevin, who says he is going out and gives them the impression that all is fine: until he reveals a doll made of a mop with Samantha's face on it, referring to the doll as his girlfriend. Julie (Anna Faris) and Doug (Chris Pratt) have been in a relationship for a year. When he attempts to propose to her, she reveals to him that she is a coprophiliac, and asks him to defecate on her in the bedroom. Urged by his best friend Larry (J.B. Smoove) and others to go along with it, he eats a large meal and drinks a bottle of laxative prior to the event. Wanting foreplay, Julie is angered when Doug wants to finish, and she runs into the street. Chasing after her, he is then hit by a car and graphically evacuates his bowels everywhere. She cradles him and apologizes; covered and surrounded by his excrement on the road, she exclaims that it is the most beautiful thing she has ever seen and accepts his marriage proposal. (In the end credits, Julie and Doug are mistakenly renamed Vanessa and Jason by Rocky Russo, Jeremy Sosenko, Steve Carr, Peter Farrelly, and Charles B. Wessler). Neil (Kieran Culkin) is working a night shift at a local grocery store. His ex-girlfriend, Veronica (Emma Stone), comes through his line and the two begin arguing, which soon turns into sexual discussion and flirtation as they lament over their relationship; unbeknownst to them, Neil's intercom microphone broadcasts the entire explicit conversation throughout the store, where various elderly people and vagrants tune in. After she leaves in tears, the customers agree to cover his shift while he goes after her. A developing company is having a meeting in their headquarters over their newly released product, the iBabe, which is a life-sized, realistic replica of a nude woman which functions as an MP3 player. The boss (Richard Gere) listens to his various workers (Kate Bosworth, Aasif Mandvi and Jack McBrayer) argue over the placement of a fan that was built into the genital region of the iBabe, which is dismembering the penises of teenage boys who attempt to have sex with them. The board members then agree to strongly emphasize the dangers of the product via its new commercials. Robin (Justin Long) and his cohort Batman (Jason Sudeikis) are in Gotham City at a speed dating establishment seeking out a bomb threat by their nemesis, Penguin (John Hodgman). While Robin attempts to connect with various women through speed dating including Lois Lane (Uma Thurman) and Supergirl (Kristen Bell), Batman encounters his ex Wonder Woman (Leslie Bibb) and attempts to stop Penguin from detonating Supergirl, who later turns out to be the Riddler (Will Carlough) in disguise, which Batman already knew and was screwing with Robin, who kissed her moments before unveiling. A faux-Public service announcement about children stuck in machines and how adults' criticism of these particular machines affect the feelings of the children stuck inside the machines. This commercial was paid for by the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children Inside Machines. Nathan (Jimmy Bennett) and Amanda (Chloë Grace Moretz) are watching television after school at Nathan's house as their first middle school date. When they begin to kiss, his older brother Mikey (Christopher Mintz-Plasse) enters the living room and makes fun of them. Amanda then discovers she is menstruating and tries to hide it, and when Nathan sees blood on her pants, he panics and believes her to be bleeding to death, causing a debacle, which would later have Nathan and Mikey's father Steve (Patrick Warburton) and Amanda's father (Matt Walsh) involved. Amanda calls them out on their stupidity and feels embarrassed to know that she's getting her first period in front of them and they don't know what to do about it. When she leaves with her father, Nathan yells that the process of keeping the lining of her internal organs intact by inserting his erect phallus into her vagina is much too complicated and Mikey agrees. Steve cheers them up by farting in front of them. As Mikey goes to the bathroom, Nathan and Steve watch a game on television, which has a very graphic Tampax commercial in which a girl gets eaten by a shark due to her menstruating. Another faux-commercial involving two women who go swimming in the sea. As the women submerge into the water, a great shark suddenly appears and eats one of the women. A tagline appears, reading: Tampax. Now Leak-Proof Pete (Johnny Knoxville) captures a leprechaun (Gerard Butler) for his roommate Brian (Seann William Scott) as a birthday present. After tying the leprechaun up in the basement, they demand he give them a pot of gold. The obscene leprechaun threatens that his brother is coming to save him. When he arrives, Brian and Pete are shot at but ultimately kill both leprechauns. At the end of the segment, Pete reveals he has also caught a fairy (Esti Ginzburg) who performs fellatio for gold coins. Donald (Stephen Merchant) and Emily (Halle Berry) are on a date together at a Mexican restaurant. Tired of typical first dates, Emily challenges Donald to a game of truth or dare. She dares him to grab a man's buttocks, and he follows with daring her to blow out the birthday candles on a blind boy's cake. The game rapidly escalates to extremes, in which both of them get plastic surgery and tattoos, and humiliate themselves. When Donald and Emily arrive back at Emily's apartment, they praise their date. Donald tries to kiss her, but she rejects him, claiming she's not attracted to Asian men (which he was surgically altered to resemble). It is revealed that she was joking and invites him to have sex with her as she shows him her enlarged breasts. Set in 1959, Coach Jackson (Terrence Howard) is lecturing his all-black basketball team before their first game against an all-white team. Worried about losing the game, the timid players are lectured by the coach about their superiority in the sport over their white counterparts, which he expresses vulgarly. When the game ensues, the all-white team loses miserably yet rejoices in a single point they earn. Played mid-credits, Amy (Elizabeth Banks) worries that her boyfriend Anson's (Josh Duhamel) cat, Beezel (an animated cartoon), is coming between their relationship. Beezel seems to detest Amy and anyone who comes between him and Anson, but Anson only sees Beezel as innocent. One day, Amy witnesses Beezel masturbating to summer vacation photos of Anson in a swimsuit. Beezel attacks her and violently urinates on her. Anson still finds his pet innocent but Amy threatens to leave if he doesn't get rid of Beezel. Caring more about his relationship, Anson agrees to find a new home for him. That night, from a closet, Beezel tearfully watches the couple make love (whilst sodomizing himself with a hairbrush and dry humping a stuffed teddy bear). The next day when it comes time to take Beezel away, he is nowhere to be found. Amy goes outside to look. Beezel then runs her over with a truck and attempts to shoot her to death with a shotgun, but she chases him into the street and begins beating him with a shovel, which is witnessed by a group of children attending a birthday party at a neighboring house. When Anson approaches to see what is happening, Amy tries to explain Beezel's motives. Beezel acts innocent and Anson sides with his cat. The children of the party then attack and murder Amy for beating up Beezel, stabbing her with plastic forks. Anson grabs Beezel, as Beezel again fantasizes about French kissing his owner. In this segment that was cut from the film, Maude (Julianne Moore) and George (Tony Shalhoub) are looking for their breast-flashing daughter Susie (Jordanna Taylor) with the help of the private eye (Bob Odenkirk), who is behind the camera with only one clue which is a small video that features their daughter. The scene was included as an extra on the DVD and Blu-ray release. The second segment that was cut from the film follows Wayne (Anton Yelchin), a shy apprentice mortician who is secretly a necrophiliac at the hospital he works at. One night, a body he's having sex with is brought back to life from the pressure of his thrusts. His supervisor Bob (Shane Jacobson) suddenly walks in and mistakenly believes that Wayne has performed a life-saving operation of some kind. The staff at the hospital and the media congratulate him while a news reporter asks what he did to save her. Unable to conjure an answer, one of the cops on scene tells everyone else they can just watch the security tapes to find out. As they rush to the security room, Wayne is given a personal thanks by the girl (Maria Volk) he revived, upon which he responds with an awkward You're welcome.[6][7][8] Unlike Find Our Daughter, this segment was not included in the DVD or Blu-ray release[9] and instead premiered at the 2014 LA Comedy Festival.[10]
Bad Johnson	American	comedy	Huck Botko	Rich is a sex addict who ruins every relationship through infidelity. He wishes that his penis would leave him alone. He wakes up one day to find his penis has taken on human form.
Diamond Cut Diamond	British	comedy	Fred Niblo, Maurice Elvey	One of the guests tries to foil a gang of jewel-robbers during a country house weekend party.
Somewhere on Leave	British	comedy	John E. Blakeley	Private Randle (Frank Randle) and army pals, Privates Young (Dan Young) and Enoch (Robbie Vincent) are invited by Private Desmond (Pat McGrath) to spend some off-duty time at his stately home. Private Desmond is too busy courting an ATS girl (Antoinette Lupino) to notice the squaddies are running riot in his house.
Tropic Thunder	American	comedy	Ben Stiller	Hook-handed Vietnam veteran Staff Sergeant John Four Leaf Tayback's memoir, Tropic Thunder, is being made into a film. With the exception of newcomer, supporting actor Kevin Sandusky, the cast—fading action hero Tugg Speedman, five-time Academy Award-winning Australian method actor Kirk Lazarus, rapper Alpa Chino, and drug-addicted comedian Jeff Portnoy—all cause problems for rookie director Damien Cockburn, who cannot control them, resulting in a million-dollar pyrotechnics scene being wasted. The project is months behind schedule. Furious studio executive Les Grossman orders Cockburn to resume filming as planned, or have the project shut down. On Four Leaf's advice, Damien drops the actors into the middle of the jungle, with hidden cameras and rigged special effects explosions to film guerrilla-style. The actors have guns that fire blanks, along with a map and scene listing that will lead to a helicopter waiting at the end of the route. Unknown to the actors and production, the group have been dropped in the middle of the Golden Triangle, the home of the heroin-producing Flaming Dragon gang. Just as the group are about to set off, Damien inadvertently steps on an old land mine and is blown up, stunning the actors. Tugg, believing Damien faked his death to encourage the cast to give better performances, assures the others that Damien is alive, and that they are still shooting the film. Kirk is unconvinced but joins them in their trek through the jungle. When Four Leaf and pyrotechnics operator Cody Underwood try to locate the dead director, they are captured by Flaming Dragon. Four Leaf is revealed to have hands; he confesses to Underwood that he actually served in the Coast Guard, has never left the United States, and that he wrote his memoir as a tribute. As the actors continue through the jungle, Kirk and Kevin discover that Tugg is leading them in the wrong direction. The resulting argument results in Kirk leading the rest of the cast as an increasingly delirious Tugg is captured by Flaming Dragon. Taken to their base, Tugg believes it is a POW camp from the script. The gang discovers he is the star of their favorite film, the box office bomb Simple Jack, and force him to reenact it several times a day. Meanwhile, in Los Angeles, Tugg's agent Rick 'Pecker' Peck confronts Les over an unfulfilled term in Tugg's contract that entitles him to a TiVo. Flaming Dragon calls during the discussion and demands a ransom for Tugg, but Les instead delivers a profanity-laden death threat. Despite the threats, Les expresses no interest in rescuing Tugg and is instead happy at the insurance payout that would happen if Tugg dies. He attempts to convince Pecker to play along by promising a Gulfstream V jet and lots of money. Kirk, Alpa, Jeff, and Kevin discover Flaming Dragon's heroin factory. After witnessing Tugg being tortured, they plan a rescue attempt based on the film's script. Kirk impersonates a farmer towing a captured Jeff on the back of a water buffalo, distracting the armed guards so Alpa and Kevin can infiltrate and find the prisoners, but a combination of broken Chinese and inconsistencies in his story sets off the gang's boss. The actors, knowing their cover has been blown, begin firing, fooling gang members into surrender. Their control of the gang falls apart when Jeff grabs the leader and heads for the drugs, and the gang, realizing the guns fire blanks, recover their guns and fight back. The four actors locate Four Leaf, Cody, and Tugg and cross a bridge rigged to explode to get to Underwood's helicopter. Tugg initially remains behind, believing Flaming Dragon to be his family, but runs back screaming, chased by an angry horde. Four Leaf destroys the bridge, rescuing Tugg, but as the helicopter takes off, the gang boss fires a rocket-propelled grenade at the helicopter. Rick unexpectedly stumbles out of the jungle carrying a TiVo box and throws it in the path of the grenade, saving them. The crew return to Hollywood, where footage from the hidden cameras is compiled into a feature film, Tropic Blunder, which becomes a major critical and commercial success. The film wins Tugg his first Academy Award, which Kirk presents to him at the ceremony. During the end credits, Grossman dances alone to Ludacris' Get Back.
Off the Dole	British	comedy	Arthur Mertz	John Willie has his dole money denied him for moonlighting and not trying to find work. His uncle asks him to take over his detective agency.
The Ghosts of Berkeley Square	British	comedy	Vernon Sewell	Two 18th century officers, General Burlap (Morley) and Colonel Kelsoe (Aylmer), are desperate to prevent war, so they hatch a plan to capture the Duke of Marlborough and hold him prisoner until the threat of hostilities passes. Unfortunately, while testing the efficacy of the contraption they have designed to entrap the duke, they manage to kill themselves. Their stupidity incurs the wrath of Queen Anne in the afterlife, and as punishment they are condemned to haunt the Berkeley Square house until such time as a British monarch crosses the threshold of the property. Things get off to a rocky start when the ghosts of Burlap and Kelsoe blame each other for the fiasco, quarrel, and refuse to speak to each other for 66 years. Once they have resolved their differences, they set about trying to engineer the required Royal Visit. Over the decades they interact with the succession of different occupants of the house, but never manage to lure a monarch to enter. As the years pass, the house becomes variously the home of a French-run bordello with drinking, gambling and fornication; an Indian rajah complete with harem; the home of the P. T. Barnum theatre: a Boer War soldiers' hospital and a World War I officers' club. Their time as earth-bound ghosts eventually comes to an end when Berkeley Square is bombed during an air raid and Queen Mary comes to visit the damaged properties, allowing the pair finally to take their place in the afterlife.
Golmaal Again	Bollywood	comedy	Rohit Shetty	The story starts with Anna Matthew (Tabu) explaining that she can see ghosts and spiritual spirits due to a special power given to her by the Gods and believes she has been chosen to help ghosts and fulfill their last wishes so that their spirits can achieve salvation. The story continues with Anna narrating one such incident of her life. The story revolves around Gopal (Ajay Devgn), Madhav (Arshad Warsi), Lucky (Tusshar Kapoor), Laxman 1 (Shreyas Talpade) and Laxman 2 (Kunal Khemu, who are orphans living in an orphanage located in the picturesque Ooty, managed by the kind businessman Jamnadas (Uday Tikekar). One night, Gopal, Madhav, Lucky and the two Laxmans find a baby girl at the gate of the orphanage. They name her Khushi and take care of her. The five boys also know Anna Matthew, who works in a library nearby. The boys are aware of Anna's power to see spirits from the other world. One day, Madhav pranks and scares the easily frightened Gopal in an empty bungalow, which leads to a fight between the two then young boys. Gopal gets punished and the five boys decide to leave the orphanage. Khushi is extremely upset with this as she is left behind. Khushi later gets adopted by a loving colonel and his wife. Years later, Gopal and Laxman 1 are estranged from Madhav, Laxman 2 and Lucky. The five, however, are once again reunited when the news of Jamnadas's death comes and they are invited to an event to be held to honour him. They return to the orphanage after 25 years, finding that nothing much has changed. The five enter the old bungalow where Madhav had scared Gopal. There, they meet the colonel; they are also reunited with Anna Matthew (Tabu), and Pappi (Johnny Lever), another orphan from the orphanage. They also meet with Damini (Parineeti Chopra) whom Anna introduces as the bunglow's caretaker. Anna reacts strangely when she sees the boys acknowledging Damini's presence. At the special event for Jamnadas, businessman Vasu Reddy (Prakash Raj) reveals that the orphanage's kids will be shifted somewhere else, while the orphanage in Ooty will be demolished. Soon, one by one, the boys get possessed by a ghost that talks in Nana Patekar's voice. This scares Gopal, so Anna suggests they stay in Colonel's house. Madhav, Laxman 2 and Lucky are also staying in the Colonel's house, as they are handed over the job of getting Gopal and Laxman1 out of the house by Vasooli (Mukesh Tiwari) and Vasu Reddy. The five of them fight daily, exasperating Anna. The boys finally make amends after Lucky gets possessed. They push Gopal, who has fallen for Damini, to express his love to her. Just then, Pappi tells that the girl who they thought was Damini is actually dead and the real Damini is alive and is Pappi's Girlfriend. Terrified, they try to flee but Anna stops them and reveals that the ghost is of none other than their own Khushi, their childhood friend. Khushi then tells her tale that how she had met a young businessman, Nikhil (Neil Nitin Mukesh), and fell in love with him. Their marriage was fixed. One night, however, she witnessed Nikhil killing Jamnadas as Jamnadas confronted Nikhil about the latter's conspiracy of obtaining the orphanage in his name on the pretext of benefitting the orphans, and instead, demolishing the orphanage and building a contruction site for his personal gain. Khushi then confronted Nikhil and threatens to go to the police and calls him a murderer. Nikhil then strangled Khushi to death. With Vasu Reddy's help, Nikhil proved Jamnadas' death and Khushi's death as accidents. Khushi came to Anna as a spirit, asking for help. Anna was surprised that the boys could see Khushi and took it as God's sign, which is why she brought the boys to the house to help her. The boys plan to scare Vasu into confessing the truth but their plan is ruined when Nikhil returns and mocks that they don't have any evidence to prosecute him for the alleged crime. This infuriates Khushi, who brutally attacks Nikhil and almost kills him. Anna calms her down and Vasu Reddy convinces Nikhil to confess. In the end, the orphanage is saved and Khushi's spirit, now content, departs happily to heaven after bidding goodbye to the boys. During the credits, the five dance with Khushi on a song.
Neighbors	American	comedy	Edward F. Cline, Buster Keaton	Buster Keaton and Virginia Fox play young lovers who live in tenements, the rear of which face each other, with backyards separated by a wooden fence and with their families constantly feuding over the lovers' relationship. Each morning Buster and Virginia exchange love letters through the holes in the fence much to the disdain of their families who insist they stay away from one another. Buster sneaks into Virginia's bedroom window as the parents are arguing but he is caught by Virginia's father who ties him to the washing lines and slowly sends him back over to his family's house. After much arguing and fighting the two families eventually go to court to settle their differences. Buster demands the right to marry Virginia, and the judge insists that the two families not interfere in their plans. On the day of the wedding the two families are naturally hostile to one another. After the wedding is delayed due to Buster's belt repeatedly breaking resulting in his pants continuously falling down, Virginia's father discovers that the ring Buster intends to give to Virginia is a cheap 10-cent ring purchased from Woolworths, he angrily calls off the wedding and drags Virginia home. Determined to rescue his love and with the help of his two groomsmen, Buster uses trapeze skills to snag Virginia and the two run off together, eventually finding themselves in the coal shed of a blacksmith who has been ordained as a minister who pronounces them husband and wife.
Old Mother Riley	British	comedy	Oswald Mitchell	In his will, a wealthy match magnate leaves his fortune to his family, the only condition being that they must take in the first person they see selling matches. Very soon they are blessed with the presence of a loud Irish washerwoman, Old Mother Riley. Chaos ensues, as her presence in the household, and that of her daughter, Kitty, proves unwelcome.[3]
 Old School	American	comedy	Todd Phillips	Upon returning home early from a business trip, attorney Mitch Martin (Luke Wilson) walks in on his girlfriend Heidi (Juliette Lewis) taking part in an orgy. Learning she regularly partakes in them, he decides to break up with her. A few days later, Mitch encounters his high school crush, Nicole (Ellen Pompeo), at the wedding of his friend Frank (Will Ferrell) and makes an awkward impression. Later, he moves into a house located near the campus of the fictional Harrison University in Upstate New York. Mitch's other friend Bernard (Vince Vaughn) throws a housewarming party at Mitch's house, dubbed Mitch-A-Palooza, which is a huge success. Frank gets drunk and is seen streaking by his wife Marissa and her friends, putting a strain on their new marriage. The following morning, the trio run into an old acquaintance whom they used to ridicule at school: Gordon Pritchard (Jeremy Piven), who is now the college dean. He informs them they must vacate the house because it's exclusively for campus housing. Bernard proposes starting a fraternity that is open to anyone to meet the housing criteria. The new fraternity carries out several hazing events throughout campus, attracting the attention of Pritchard and other faculty members. At a birthday party for one of Bernard's children, Nicole brings her boyfriend Mark and Mitch later walks in on him in the bathroom as he's hooking up with another girl. While initially discreet, Mitch is forced to recount the incident to Nicole when Mark lies that the girl was with Mitch instead of himself. Later, the oldest fraternity member, Blue, has a heart attack and dies during a KY lube wrestling match with two college girls at his birthday celebration. At Blue's funeral, Marissa asks Frank for a divorce. Plotting revenge against the group, Pritchard asks the student council president, Megan, to revoke the fraternity's charter. Megan, who met her boyfriend at one of their parties, initially remains loyal to the fraternity until the dean bribes her with promises to help her get into law school. By video, he claims that the group is violating university policies, subjecting the students in the non-sanctioned fraternity to expulsion. Mitch learns that the group has the right to bypass the Pritchard's ruling if all of their members complete various activities to prove their legitimacy. Frank is able to defeat James Carville in a debate session. Next, the fraternity successfully navigates its way through an academic exam largely due to the assistance of two of Mitch's co-workers, who help everyone cheat. In the school spirit evaluation, the fraternity loses points when Frank unsuccessfully attempts to jump through a ring of fire while dressed as the school mascot. Badly burned and humiliated, Frank rallies to give a strong performance in the floor exercise routine of the gymnastics competition. Bernard manages to complete the rings routine, leaving only the vault exercise remaining. Pritchard chooses Weensie, an obese member of the fraternity, to perform the vault. Amazingly, Weensie executes a perfect landing, allowing the fraternity to pass gymnastics. The fraternity completes the activities with an 84% average. However, Pritchard tells them that their average has dropped to a failing 58% after accounting for the absence of Blue. While the students are in despair, Megan arrives with tape recorded evidence of the Pritchard's bribery. After a chase throughout campus, Frank obtains the tape and uses it to get Pritchard fired. The fraternity's charter is reinstated and moves into Pritchard's former residence. Nicole visits Mitch as he's moving out of the old fraternity house, and tells him she dumped Mark after catching him cheating. The two reconcile, intent on moving their relationship forward. Mitch and Bernard decide to withdraw from the fraternity. Frank, now divorced, takes over the leadership role. In the closing credits, Mark accidentally drives his car over a bridge and lands on Pritchard, who is fly fishing. The car explodes, killing them both. Meanwhile, Frank runs into Heidi at a grocery store, who invites him to her house to hang out with her internet friends. He excitedly accepts.
Josser on the River	British	comedy	Norman Lee	Two seaside photographers become entangled with a blackmailer.
The Vulture	British	comedy	Ralph Ince	Hopeless but eager would-be private detective Cedric Gull (Hulbert) has just obtained a diploma from a backstreet 'School of Detection' and is keen to put his new qualification to good use. Fortuitously, he happens to stumble across a crime scene at the office of a diamond merchant, who has just been robbed and assaulted and is being tended by his secretary Sylvia (Brook). The police arrive on the scene, but despite Cedric's proud boasts about his sleuthing qualifications, they decline his kind offers of help. Striking out on his own, Cedric becomes convinced that the robbery was the work of a notorious gang of East End Chinese jewel thieves led by a mysterious and sinister individual known as The Vulture. He takes on board his ex-con sidekick Stiffy (Walters) and the pair set off in pursuit of the criminals. Their plans come unstuck when their inept bungling lands them both in prison. However the police, aware of their interest in the case, agree to allow them out to act as decoys. Cedric learns that Sylvia has been abducted by the criminals. He decides to disguise himself as Chinese and try to infiltrate their hideout and rescue Sylvia. After a good deal of hapless buffoonery and narrow escapes from sticky situations, he and Stiffy finally succeed in freeing Sylvia, unmasking the thieves and uncovering the identity of the elusive Vulture.
Seeking a Friend for the End of the World	American	comedy	Lorene Scafaria	In New York City, a news report is broadcast informing the world that a mission to stop an incoming asteroid has failed and that the asteroid will make impact in three weeks, destroying all life on Earth. Dodge Petersen (Steve Carell) and his wife, Linda (Nancy Carell), listen to the broadcast from the side of the road. When Dodge makes an uninterested response, Linda looks at him in disgust and flees the vehicle without a word. While everyone around him reacts differently to the news, from suicide to constant drugs and guilt-free sex, Dodge's life does not change at all. He continues to attend to his meaningless job as an insurance salesman and to employ his cleaning lady and spends his nights alone. Dodge hesitantly attends the wild party of his neighbors, Warren (Rob Corddry) and his wife, Diane (Connie Britton), where he declines offers of sex and drugs and listens to a philosophical rant from his drunken friend Roache (Patton Oswalt). Dodge shortly returns home to reminisce about his high school sweetheart, Olivia, when he notices his neighbor Penny (Keira Knightley) crying on the fire escape. She has just broken up with her boyfriend, Owen, (Adam Brody) for making her miss her last opportunity to see her family in England. At her apartment, Penny gives Dodge three months worth of his mail that was incorrectly delivered to her and, in the process, unwittingly tells him that his wife was having an affair. Dodge storms off into the night, guzzling codeine-laced cough syrup and window cleaner in a suicide attempt. He wakes up in a park, with a dog tethered to his foot and a note on his sweater reading Sorry, which becomes the dog's name. Dodge takes Sorry home, opens the old mail, and is surprised to discover a three-month-old letter from Olivia, which explains that he was the love of her life. Later, a riot breaks out on his block. Dodge and Penny abandon the self-centered Owen amid the rioters, with Dodge explaining to Penny that he knows someone who could fly her to England if she helps him find Olivia. She agrees, and the two set off with Sorry for Dodge's hometown in Delaware. Along the way, Dodge and Penny run out of gas, share a bizarre experience with suicidal motorist Glenn (William Petersen), witness the eruption of an orgy at a restaurant, have sex in a pick-up truck, and spend a night in jail. They get a ride to Camden, New Jersey, where they meet Penny's ex-boyfriend, Speck (Derek Luke), who is prepared for the apocalypse. Speck has a working satellite phone in his bunker and lets Penny contact her family. Penny and Dodge borrow a car from Speck and eventually make it to Olivia's family home. Dodge and Penny walk up toward the door of the home but find no one home and then spend the day together; they realize a mutual affection. Penny discovers a letter from Olivia to her parents, which reveals Olivia's address. Penny and Dodge drive to Olivia's home, where Dodge leaves a letter to Olivia and expresses his feelings for Penny. Later, they discover a marriage ceremony performed at the beach; Dodge and Penny kiss and join the ceremony. Then, they go to the house of the man who Dodge promised could take Penny to England. The man turns out to be Dodge's estranged father, Frank (Martin Sheen). After making amends with Frank, Dodge puts a sleeping Penny into his father's plane, whispering to her that she is the real love of his life. Frank and Penny depart, leaving Dodge behind. Dodge returns to his apartment with Sorry; they soon enter Penny's apartment, where Dodge sets a record in her turntable and listens until the power dies. Lighting a candle, Dodge hears Sorry whining. Penny has returned, upset that Dodge allowed her to leave; they embrace. As the two lie in bed, Penny expresses her fear of the end being so near. Dodge distracts her by asking her to tell him of her childhood. They feel and hear a deep booming sound, and Penny tells Dodge she wishes that they had known each other sooner. Dodge replies that there never would have been enough time together and professes his love for her. When they feel and hear a second deep, booming sound, Penny panics and tells him she thought they would save each other; Dodge assures that they did. Penny smiles as the screen fades to white and then abruptly cuts to black.
Tilly of Bloomsbury	British	comedy	Leslie S. Hiscot	The rich and wealthy aristocrat socialité bachelor Dick Mainwaring falls in love with a beautiful you of woman from a lower class, Tilly Welwyn, whose mother owns a boarding house. Problems arise because the two lovers come from completely different backgrounds. At first Dick is discouraged and behaves like a complete snob towards the hard working mother, but after a while he learns to see the good side of their life and changes his mind. Dick brings Tilly to his family's mansion in te country over the weekend. The visit starts out badly, since his mother, Lady Marion, strongly disapproves with the couple's union. The mother tries to split the couple up, but they are aided by the cunning butler, Samuel Stillbottle. Ultimately their love grows stronger as they overcome their differences, and romance pull the longer straw in the end.
Elf-Man	American	comedy	Ethan Wiley	When Santa leaves an Elf behind on Christmas Eve, the Harper kids help him realize he is a super-hero, Elf-Man. Together they must save their Dad's new invention from a bumbling gang of thieves, and enjoy the best Christmas, ever.
Daddy's Home 2	American	comedy	Sean Anders	After finally becoming friends at the end of the first film, Brad Whittaker and Dusty Mayron have a co-dad system where their two children, Megan and Dylan, take turns at each father's house. Dusty has also remarried, this time to Karen, a writer, and is stepdad to Adrianna, Karen's daughter. Brad and his wife, Sara, along with Dusty and Karen, attend a school play for Megan, where she announces to the whole audience that she doesn't like the fact that she has to go back and forth to different houses all the time. Back at the house, after the play, Brad and Dusty decide to do away with having two separate Christmases and instead do one together Christmas. Dusty, however, finds out his tough fighter pilot/astronaut father Kurt (Mel Gibson) is coming for Christmas. At the airport the next day, Dusty tells Brad that his father is going to make fun of them since he won't understand their co-dad arrangement. When Kurt arrives, he mistakes Brad for a chauffeur. When Dusty explains that Brad is the stepdad to his children, Kurt doesn't like it. Brad's overbearing and over-cheerful dad, Don, arrives next, unnerving Kurt. Don tells Brad that his mother didn't come along, because she is taking care of Brad's Uncle who isn't feeling well. Back at the house, Megan and Dylan warmly embrace Don, since he is very present in their lives, while Kurt hasn't seen the children since they were toddlers. Kurt rents a large cabin through Airbnb, to house all of them through the holiday week. As Brad and Dusty pack the bags into the car, Dusty tells Brad that Kurt thinks the two men are harboring bad feelings for each other, but are just hiding it from everyone by pretending to be friends. When Kurt comes up, they change the subject. Throughout the week, Brad and Dusty's co-dad relationship is put to the test by Kurt's meddling. Meanwhile, Dusty tries to get close to his stepdaughter, Adrianna, but she doesn't like him and repeatedly tells him that he isn't her father. Sara also tries to bond with Karen but is taken aback by some of Karen's actions, like shoplifting clothes from a store. Dylan develops a crush on a little girl staying in the cabin next door. He gets made fun of it by Megan and Adrianna. The next day, the family goes out to take the kids to see Santa. While there, Kurt convinces Dylan to ask Santa for a shotgun, which he does ask for. Brad and Sara tell Dylan that a shotgun for hunting means that a poor innocent animal will lose its life. This convinces Dylan to change his mind, but Megan instead decides she wants to go hunting. While out hunting the next day, Megan accidentally shoots Kurt in the shoulder, sending him to the hospital. At the hospital, Dusty and Kurt begin to bond after they almost begin fighting when Kurt tries to leave the hospital. That night, Brad, Dusty, Don & Kurt go to an improv comedy club where the four men are relaxing and having a good time watching the show. Kurt gets up to go get another drink at the bar. Dusty sees Kurt picking up a woman at the bar and leaves with her. Brad enters Don into the improv show, and Dusty chooses a topic of a husband confronting his cheating wife as the subject of an improv skit. As the skit progresses, it is revealed that Don has separated from his wife in real life. The audience believes that this is all part of the show, even when Brad tries to tell the audience that it is not. The next day, Brad confronts Dusty. After Dusty reveals that he chose the infidelity subject for the improv game because he wanted to get back at Brad, because of how Brad has a good relationship with Don. Brad says he knows that is why Dusty chose that particular topic and to get back at Dusty; Brad has invited Adrianna's real dad, Roger, to the cabin for Christmas. That evening, the entire family takes part in a Christmas manger representation. Brad gets into a fight with Dusty after Brad wants to play Joseph, which Dusty is currently playing. This breaks out in front of a crowd that is watching. Instead of Dusty fighting Brad, he almost comes to blows with Roger. The next morning, Christmas Day, the families all pack up to leave. On their way out of town, the families are forced back to town on account of a blizzard. They are forced to take shelter at a movie theater. With every other movie being sold out, due to the huge influx of business from other families seeking shelter at the theater, both families go to see the last movie available: Missile Tow, a fictitious Liam Neeson holiday action film. When the power cuts off during the movie, the families go to the lobby where each man confronts their father about the secrets, lies, and attitudes. Don confronts Brad about not telling him the truth about his divorce, while Dusty tries to talk to Kurt. When Dylan sees the girl he has a crush on, is also there at the theater, he is teased again by Megan and Adrianna. After remembering some advice given to him by Kurt, Dylan walks toward her to kiss her. All of a sudden, he doesn't kiss her, but instead kisses Adrianna, his stepsister. Roger gets freaked out and attempts to leave with Adrianna, but is confronted by Dusty. He deduces that the reason why Adrianna hasn't warmed up to him is that he has never told her that he loves her, which he does. He also tells Roger that loving Adrianna means loving her real father as well since he is also part of the family. Roger almost leaves without Adrianna, but has a change of heart after everyone breaks out into a song of Do They Know It's Christmas? and decides to stay. Don and Brad also reconcile. Sometime later, at the airport, Don and Kurt are preparing to leave to head back to their respective homes. Kurt heads with Don up the terminal escalators, where he reveals to Don that he switched out the tickets and they're going to spend New Years in Las Vegas. As Brad's mom's flight arrives, Dusty and Brad discover that Brad's new stepdad is Chesley Sully Sullenberger, the pilot of the Miracle on the Hudson flight. Brad and Dusty remember that they watched the film Sully together not too long ago and Brad appears to be welcoming towards him. Brad runs down the terminal and says that Sully will never replace his father, because Sully has only one great personal story, whereas his father has thousands of stories.
Lightning Jack	Australian	comedy	Simon Wincer	Paul Hogan plays Lightning Jack Kane, a long-sighted Australian outlaw in the American west, with his horse, Mate. After the rest of his gang is killed in a robbery-gone-wrong, Jack survives only to read of the events in the newspaper that he was nothing next to others. Annoyed at not being recognised as an outlaw, Jack attempts a robbery by himself, and ends up taking young mute Ben Doyle (Cuba Gooding Jr.) as a hostage. He later discovers that, tired of never having been treated with respect due to his disability, Ben wishes to join him. Jack attempts to teach Ben how to fire a gun and rob banks, with his first attempt at on-the-job training ending with Ben shooting himself in the foot. Across the course of the training, they pay occasional visits to saloons where Jack shows Ben the truth about adult life, including helping him to lose his virginity. However, the true nature of the saloon visits is for Jack to make contact with showgirl Lana Castel (Beverly D'Angelo), who, unbeknownst to Jack, is madly in love with him. When Ben's training is complete, the two learn of a bank which is said to be the hardest in the country to rob, the entire town armed and ready to protect it. Jack sees this as the test he has been waiting for, and together they hatch a plan to rob it. Everything seems to be going smoothly and they are set to begin, until Jack discovers that a rival gang of outlaws is also planning to rob the bank. He is prepared to give up when Ben has a plan of his own. Ben silently tips off the townspeople, who quickly swarm the bank with the rival outlaws inside. The gang are arrested and the entire town celebrates, allowing Jack and Ben to slip unnoticed into the bank and swiftly strip it clean. Before leaving, Jack jumps into the celebrations, ensuring that his grinning face is seen at the top of the town photo. By the time the true robbery is discovered, the two - and Lana - are gone, with a bounty of thousands on their heads and all of America searching for them - the life that Jack had always wanted.
 Daltry Calhoun	American	comedy	Katrina Holden Bronson	Within a small town in Tennessee, seed and sod entrepreneur Daltry Calhoun is a local celebrity who has made a name for himself by selling locally produced turf to many of the nation's most exclusive golf courses, and his television spots are well-liked by viewers across town. Daltry's ex-girlfriend arrives unannounced with their teenage daughter, a 14-year-old musical prodigy. She confides that her terminal illness has forced her to seek him out in hopes that he can care for their daughter after she is gone. Despite the early success of Daltry's business and the popularity of his commercials, Daltry's career has become unstable and he's forced to liquidate his assets in hopes of salvaging what he can. Now, faced with much adversity, Daltry vows to make up for lost time by doing right in the eyes of his family and community, caring for his distant daughter, and all the while getting his business back on track.[1]
Beerfest	American	comedy	Jay Chandrasekhar	At the funeral of their German-born grandfather Johann von Wolfhausen (Donald Sutherland), brothers Jan and Todd Wolfhouse (Paul Soter and Erik Stolhanske) discover that family tradition demands they travel to Munich during Oktoberfest to spread his ashes on the Theresienwiese. In Munich the brothers unintentionally start a brawl that takes down an entire Oktoberfest tent. They participate in Beerfest, an underground drinking game tournament, run by Baron Wolfgang von Wolfhausen (Jürgen Prochnow), where they discover that the von Wolfhausens are related to the Wolfhouses. The German team reveals that Johann was a stable boy who stole the recipe for the greatest beer in all ze world decades ago and ran away with his prostitute mother, Gam Gam. Swearing to get revenge on the Germans, Jan and Todd return to Colorado, where they recruit college drinking friends for an American Beerfest team. Among them are: Barry Badrinath who is good at drinking games like Beer Pong and has since become a male prostitute, Steve Fink Finklestein who has a PhD in Chemistry, and Phil Landfill Krundle who has been known to drink copious amounts of beer. During the team's year of drinking training, Jan and Todd find out their grandfather did not steal the family beer recipe, but was actually the rightful heir to the family brewery in Bavaria. The team uses the rediscovered recipe to brew Schnitzengiggle Beer, which is so good it literally makes them cry. After the German team receive a bottle of Schnitzengiggle in the mail, the Wolfhausen clan goes to America to take the recipe back. Their agent Cherry (Mo'nique) steals the receipe off Fink's computer, and drowns Landfill in a beer vat when he catches her. Thinking he committed suicide, the team decides to disband, but change their mind when Landfill's twin brother Gil joins. Like his brother, Gil has been known to drink copious amounts of beer and he even invites the other members of the team to call him Landfill in honor of his dead brother. In Germany, the team uses an empty wooden keg as a Trojan Horse to get inside, where they emerge to boos and jeers. The Americans are allowed to participate after Jan and Todd show how uncannily they resemble the two Beerfest founders, thus convincing the crowd of their von Wolfhausen ancestry. In the finals (bootline chug), Cherry tells Gil at a crucial moment how his brother Phil died, causing Gil to crack and the Germans to win. Jan offers the Germans a double or nothing opportunity. The Germans tell Jan they already have the recipe and thus no need for a rematch, but Fink points out that Cherry only stole a recipe for a low-carb strawberry beer, which prompts Wolfgang to have Cherry killed. When one of the von Wolfhausens knocks off Fink's yarmulke, he enters into a state of purely concentrated rage (the Eye of the Jew) which allows him to coach the team to victory, barely gaining the win when the German team's anchor fails to finish Das Boot (Boot of beer) by one drop. In the post credits, the team go to Amsterdam to celebrate their victory in winning the brewery. Upon their travels they find Willie Nelson who is in need of a team for an international pot smoking contest.
Irish for Luck	British	comedy	Arthur B. Woods	Ellen O'Hare (Margaret Lockwood) leaves Ireland and her penniless duchess aunt (Athene Seyler) to pursue a singing career in England. She encounters street musician Terry (Patric Knowles) and they eventually return without success to Ireland, to discover Ellen's aunt is now prosperous.
Mean Girls	American	comedy	Mark Waters	Sixteen-year-old homeschooled Cady Heron and her zoologist parents return to the United States after a twelve-year research trip in Africa, settling in Evanston, Illinois. Attending a public school, North Shore High, for the first time, Cady meets new classmates Janis Ian and Damian Leigh. Janis and Damian educate Cady on the school's various cliques and warn her to avoid the most popular and infamous one, the Plastics, who are led by queen bee Regina George and include insecure rich girl Gretchen Wieners and sweet but dimwitted Karen Smith. The Plastics take an interest in Cady, and invite her to sit with them at lunch. Seeing that Cady is getting along with the Plastics, Janis hatches a plan of revenge against Regina for some past slight, using Cady as the infiltrator. Cady soon learns about Regina's journal The Burn Book, which is filled with rumors, secrets, and insults about other girls and some teachers at school. Despite this discovery, Cady decides to forgo Janis' scheme for ethical reasons. Meanwhile, Cady becomes attracted to Regina's ex-boyfriend, Aaron Samuels, whom a jealous Regina proceeds to steal back at a Halloween party by kissing him in front of Cady. This spurs Cady to fully commit to Janis' plan to cut off Regina's resources, which involve breaking Regina and Aaron up, tricking her into eating nutrition bars that actually make her gain weight, and turning Regina's fellow Plastics against her. In the process, Cady unwittingly remakes herself in Regina's image, becoming spiteful and superficial, and abandons Janis and Damian. When Regina is finally made aware of Cady's treachery, she retaliates by spreading the contents of the Burn Book all over the eleventh grade, quickly inciting a massive brawl throughout the school halls. To avoid suspicion, Regina inserts a fake libel of herself in the book in order to blame Cady, Gretchen, and Karen, the only female juniors not mentioned in the book. The three girls convince Principal Duvall that they did not write the book. The principal soon quells the fighting, and gathers all of the girls in the gymnasium. Math teacher Ms. Norbury, whom the Burn Book defamed as a drug dealer, makes the girls face the ways they all treat each other, confess their transgressions, and apologize to each other and the teachers. When Janis' turn comes, she defies Norbury, confessing her plan to destroy Regina with Cady's help and openly mocking Regina with the support of the other girls. Pursued by an apologetic Cady, Regina storms out of the school and is struck by a school bus, breaking her spine. Without any friends, shunned by Aaron, grounded by her parents and despised by her peers at school, Cady takes full blame for the Burn Book and becomes an outcast. After she makes amends with Regina, Cady's guilt soon dissolves and she returns to her old personality. As part of her punishment for lying and failing Ms. Norbury's class, she joins the Mathletes in the state championship finals, and ends up winning the competition for her team after her opponent answers incorrectly. At the Spring Fling dance, Regina's new boyfriend, Shane Oman, is elected King, while Cady is elected Queen. Onstage, Cady declares that all of her classmates are wonderful in their own way, breaks her plastic tiara, and distributes the pieces to some other girls. She then reconciles with Janis, Damian, and Aaron, and reaches a truce with the Plastics. By the start of the new school year, the Plastics have disbanded. Regina has joined the lacrosse team to deal with her anger, Karen has become the school weather reporter (claiming that her breasts can tell when it is raining), and Gretchen has joined the Cool Asians clique. Aaron has graduated from high school and attends Northwestern University, Janis has begun dating Mathlete Kevin Gnapoor, whom she initially disliked, and Cady declares that she is now normal. A group of new Junior Plastics has arisen, and Cady imagines them being hit by a bus.
Beauty Shop	American	comedy	Bille Woodruff	Gina Norris (Queen Latifah) is a widowed hairstylist who has moved from Chicago to Atlanta so her daughter Vanessa (Paige Hurd) can attend a private music school. She's made a name for herself as a stylist, but after her self-centered boss, Jorge (Kevin Bacon), criticizes her decisions, she leaves and sets up her own shop, purchasing a run-down salon by the skin of her teeth by helping out a loan officer. Upon buying the salon, she runs into instant barriers: loudmouthed young stylists, older clients who are fixed in their habits, an energetic young boy named Willie (Lil' JJ) who constantly flirts with women (including Vanessa) while filming for his next music video, people wary of her ability as a hairdresser, and the constant trouble her rebellious sister-in-law, Darnelle (Keshia Knight Pulliam), finds herself in. Gina issues an ultimatum with Darnelle to clean up her act and start paying her back or she will be evicted. In a short time, the previous owner's clients become her own and many of her former customers find their way from Jorge's to her salon. When electrical issues arise, she finds that the upstairs renter, Joe, is a handsome electrician from Africa who eventually bonds with Vanessa due to his skills on the piano. Because Jorge is jealous that his shop is losing clients to Gina's, he pays a health inspector named Crawford (Jim Holmes), to find various ways to shut down Gina's business. Over time, neighborhood regulars frequent the shop and the varied stylists become close to Gina, as does Joe (Djimon Hounsou). One of her former clients from Jorge's even uses her connections to set up a meeting with Cover Girl for Gina's homemade miracle conditioner, affectionately called hair crack. Tragedy strikes when the shop is trashed and heavily vandalized the night before Vanessa's big piano recital. When Gina next enters the shop, she finds not only that her staff has cleaned up the majority of the mess and brought items from home so the shop could operate, but Darnelle has also decided to grow up and enter beauty school. While filming for his next topic, Willie tapes a meeting between Jorge and Inspector Crawford and learns that they were responsible for trying to ruin Gina. Shortly, a disheveled woman enters the shop and begs for someone to fix her hair for a wedding she has in a few hours. Soon after, Willie shows Gina the videotape of a meeting he filmed of Jorge and Inspector Crawford. Later that night, Gina goes to Jorge's salon to not only tell him about the tape, but that she knows he is not Jorge from Austria, but George Christie from Nebraska. As soon as Gina leaves, James (Bryce Wilson) (Gina's only male employee) and a few of his friends give Jorge an extreme haircut as payback for what he did to her in trying to close her shop. Later, as the shop listens to their favorite radio talk-show host DJ Hollerin' Helen (Adele Givens), they find out she was the desperate customer on the way to the wedding as she gives the shop (and Gina's hair crack conditioner) a shout-out on the radio.
Knots	American	comedy	Greg Lombardo	The film tells the story of a man (Scott Cohen) who discovers his wife (Annabeth Gish) is having an affair, and the consequences of their resulting relationship with the mistress (Paulina Porizkova).
Indiralohathil Na Azhagappan	Tamil	comedy	Thambi Ramaiah	Azhagappan (Vadivelu) is a member of a theatre group. One fine day an unlikely visitor from the heavens stumbles upon him and almost falls for him. The beautiful trio of the heaven – Ramba, Thilothama, and Urvashi – comes to the earth to enjoy its “beauty”. While the others get back to where they belong to at the right time, Ramba (played by Yamini Sharma) loses her track and gets into trouble. Vadivelu accidentally helps her to go back to the heaven. She gets him to the heaven during the night and sends him back to the earth early in the morning. Frequenting to the heaven and the hell gives Azhagappan an idea of what is happening in the other world. He is not serious about his rare opportunity to see the Lord Indra (king of all deities – played by Vadivelu) and the deities but the death of a neighboring child changes everything. He takes thing seriously and wants to teach a lesson to the deity of death (Yama Dharma Raja – played by Vadivelu again). Vexed with the death and the ways human beings are treated with in the hell, Azhagappan decides to tamper with the process of life and death. He wants to tamper with the laws of the gods. The gods get angry and Azhagappan pays the price. Comedy turns into tragedy, as he is transformed into a 90-year-old whom even his mother (Sumithra) cannot recognize and Rambha is cursed to become a formless soul. Naradha (Nasser), as usual, makes amends to bring up the climax. Devendran seeks Brihaspathi's counsel and a way to relieve both Azhagappan and Rambha from their curses is born. How this happens even though Yama tries his best to stop it from happening forms the rest of the climax.
The Pink Panther	American	comedy	Shawn Levy	Chief Inspector Charles Dreyfus narrates a flashback of a football match between France and China. French coach Yves Gluant enters the stadium, wearing the Pink Panther diamond ring, which is seen by his team as a symbol of pride and victory. He kisses his girlfriend, pop star Xania, and whispers something to her. After France wins the game in sudden death, Gluant is killed by a poison dart, with the Pink Panther diamond nowhere to be found. Eager to win the Medal of Honour, Dreyfus promotes a clumsy small-town policeman and village idiot, Jacques Clouseau, to the rank of Inspector and assigns him to the Pink Panther case. Dreyfus simultaneously assembles a secret team of top investigators to crack the case, allowing Clouseau to serve as the public face of the investigation and draw all the media attention. Dreyfus assigns Gilbert Ponton to be Clouseau's assistant, instructing him to keep him informed of Clouseau's actions. Despite his orders, Ponton quickly befriends Clouseau, as Clouseau attempts to solve the case by looking for clues and interviewing people close to Gluant, though not without being clumsy and foolish during his work. All throughout this, Clouseau also works alongside secretary Nicole Durant, and starts to fall in love with her. Bizu, a French soccer player who had an affair with Xania and therefore is the prime suspect in Gluant's murder, is shot in the head and killed in the team's changing room. While at a casino to gather information, Clouseau encounters British Agent 006, Nigel Boswell. Boswell foils a robbery at the casino by the Gas Mask Bandits, using Clouseau's trench coat to hide his identity. Clouseau mistakenly receives credit for the deed and is subsequently nominated for the Légion d'honneur, much to Dreyfus' dismay. Clouseau and Ponton follow Xania to New York City, suspecting that she knows more than she is telling. However, despite Ponton's insistence that she is most likely a suspect because Gluant cheated on her, Clouseau decides Xania is innocent. While in New York, Clouseau and Ponton eat hamburgers, and Clouseau discovers his love for the sandwich, which he had assumed to be nothing more than disgusting American food. Meanwhile, because the poison that killed Gluant was derived from Chinese herbs, Dreyfus concludes that the killer is a Chinese envoy named Dr. Pang. Ready to take charge of the case and win the Légion d'honneur, Dreyfus has one of his officers swap Clouseau's bag with one full of weapons at the airport. The bag sets off the metal detector at security control, causing the guards to be suspicious of Clouseau who is eventually arrested because of his inability to pronounce hamburger correctly (he tried to smuggle some for the flight home due to his personal dislike of in-flight meals). Upon his return to France, the press vilifies him and Dreyfus strips him of his rank of Inspector. Dreyfus now plots to publicly arrest Dr. Pang at the Presidential Ball, where Xania will also be performing. Clouseau returns home and happens to see an article about his arrest online. He deduces from the photograph in it that Gluant and Bizu's assassin will target Xania next, and he phones Ponton and Nicole. The trio hurry to the Élysée Palace and sneak into the Presidential Ball. While Dreyfus publicly arrests Dr. Pang for Gluant's murder, Clouseau and Ponton save Xania's life by capturing her would-be assassin, Yuri, the coach of the football team. Jealous of Gluant and believing he should've taken credit for the football team's success instead of Gluant, Yuri used his knowledge of Chinese herbs, mandated by a soccer statute, to kill him. After overhearing Yuri's rants, Bizu blackmailed him, so Yuri killed Bizu using Russian military tactics to target the latter's occipital lobe. Yuri targeted Xania because she ignored him while she dated Gluant. Clouseau reveals the Pink Panther was not stolen but instead sewn into the lining of Xania's purse. He discovered this after the photograph of his arrest also showed an X-ray of the purse going through airport security. Xania confessed that she received it from Gluant as an engagement ring — he had whispered his proposal to her prior to the football match — but she hid this fact because she thought it could implicate her as the killer. Clouseau concludes that Xania is the ring's rightful owner, while Yuri is taken into custody. For successfully solving the case, Clouseau wins the Légion d'honneur. While leaving the ceremony with Ponton, Clouseau gets Dreyfus' suit caught in his car door; he remains oblivious to Dreyfus' screams as he drives away. Clouseau, Ponton and Nicole later visit him in the hospital. After Clouseau wishes him well, he accidentally releases the brake on Dreyfus' bed; the bed races through the hospital corridors and throws Dreyfus into the Seine, and he shouts Clouseau's name in anger as he is plunged into the river.
Falling in Love	British	comedy	Monty Banks	The manager of an American film star struggles to cope with her behaviour.
Barnacle Bill	British	comedy	Charles Frend	William Horatio Ambrose (Guinness) wants desperately to live up to the proud family tradition; the Ambroses have always been mariners (if not exactly distinguished ones), hence their family motto, Omnes per Mare (All at Sea). In humorous vignettes, Guinness portrays six of his ancestors, starting with a confused caveman perpetually going in circles in his coracle and ending with his own father's ignominious demise at the Battle of Jutland. Ambrose has a debilitating problem however: he gets violently seasick at the slightest excuse. As a result, his contribution to the Second World War consists of testing cures for the malady. When he retires from the Royal Navy as a captain, he purchases a dilapidated late Victorian era amusement pier (the closest thing to a command of his own) with his life savings. The workers are an apathetic bunch, led by an insolent Figg (Victor Maddern), who quits as soon as the new owner begins imposing some semblance of discipline. With the assistance of his new second-in-command, a former RN rating named Tommy (Percy Herbert), and much hard work with help by a group of bored local teenagers, Ambrose soon has the pier repaired. Then he has to deal with the local town council, headed by the crooked Mayor Crowley (Maurice Denham) and the hostile Arabella Barrington (Irene Browne), who mistakes him for a peeping tom when they first meet. Every time he comes up with an ingenious way to make his business profitable, they see to it that the council outlaws it. When Crowley decides to confiscate and demolish Ambrose's pier and Barrington's bathing huts (under compulsory purchase) to further his own business interests, she resigns from the council and informs Ambrose. He counters by registering his property as a foreign naval vessel (christened the Arabella), under the flag of convenience of the easygoing country of Liberama, which puts it outside the town's jurisdiction. He soon attracts many happy, paying passengers for his stationary inaugural cruise. Thwarted, Crowley hires Figg to take his dredger and demolish the structure late at night. Using a seasickness remedy suggested by Barrington, Ambrose is able to take to sea and foil the scheme (with his ghostly ancestors watching approvingly), but in the process, part of the pier becomes detached and floats away. He remains aboard to prevent salvagers from claiming it and drifts over to France, where he is hailed as a naval hero.
Cheech & Chong's Animated Movie	American	comedy	Branden Chambers	The movie opens with an interview with a body crab named Buster living on a bikini-clad woman. The body crab sees Man (Tommy Chong) passing by and jumps on his beard. Man quickly pulls him out and throws him away. Pedro De Pacas (Cheech Marin) is shown driving just up the street from the hitchhiking Man. Pedro sees him and stops the car to give Man a ride. Man gets in and they both peel off, sending the body crab flying. The body crab smells the strong marijuana scent left behind from their car and gives chase. Pedro and Man smoke a joint together and drive through traffic as Pedro admires the street lights. A police car suddenly appears from behind and tails them. Man quickly decides to eat all the drugs in the car to avoid being caught with them. After Man does that the police car passes them without pulling them over. The body crab then gets hit by a train while it is still looking for them. Pedro and Man pull into a theater. They go in and try to find a parking spot. They pull into a spot near theatre speakers and hear knocking from inside their trunk. They then have to park somewhere else so they won't be spotted letting whoever is in the trunk out. Unfortunately, the key breaks off in the lock so Man has to search for a crow bar but he's unsuccessful. Pedro gets out of the car and urinates on the trunk and a camera cut reveals there are two people in the trunk and are afraid of being peed on. The credits start to roll on the movie theater movie and the movie theater speaker announces the movie has ended. Just then Man returns with a load of snacks. Pedro and Man leave the theater. The next day, a skit with two dogs then takes place. The body crab appears in one of the dogs excrement and is stepped on by Pedro, who winds up taking the body crab home on the bottom of his shoe. He wipes his shoes on the doormat and goes inside and watches television with Man. An interrogation scene from a film plays on the TV. They change the channel and a gameshow involving drugs plays. The gameshow eventually leads into a zit treatment product commercial. Next, a spoof of American Bandstand plays on the television. They then turn off the TV and Pedro pulls out a giant rolled joint that is filled with a sock. They try to smoke it but it just makes them cough. The body crab appears at the window but is soon snatched by a bird and released further away from the house. The body crab lands on the window of a doctor who is examining patients. A skit involving a Jewish man and his child talking to their doctor starts. The doctor tries to remove a bullet from the child's nose and the bullet explodes, sending the body crab flying. The camera then zooms into a product called Acapulco Gold (which are marijuana joints). Filming of a commercial for this product takes place. The film cuts back to Pedro in his home and someone knocks at his door claiming to be the police. Pedro then rushes to get rid of all his drugs. After he gets rid of the drugs he answers the door only to be greeted by Man who says April Fools. The film then shows a paper article about Afghanistan and a skit taking place there plays out. The body crab then appears on someones shoulder in Afghanistan but is shot. The camera then zooms into a courtroom skit. Soon Man is shown to be on trial. Man wanders around the courtroom and then returns to his table to gather up drugs which were to be used as evidence against him. Man begins to ramble much to the chagrin of his lawyer. Man approaches the judge's desk, climbs on it then passes out. The scene dissolves into Man passed out on the floor in his house. It appears that it was actually a dream. Pedro knocks on the door, waking him up. The Dave's not here skit then begins to play out. Pedro is trying to get in but Man refuses to open the door. Pedro gives up and begins to cry. The body crab then appears underneath a deck board but is roasted as he turns into a vampire and is exposed to natural sunlight. Man, still inside, starts to watch a show called Wake up America. The Wake Up America skit involves a reporter whom is a parody of Geraldo Rivera investigating the recording industry. After the reporter is ejected from the studio Pedro is seen walking by. The body crab catches his scent and tries to dive on him from a window sill but lands on an electric wire instead. Man is shown on the phone at a diner making a drug deal. After that call ends, Pedro makes a few song requests on the phone with a local radio station. Man leaves and a cop approaches Pedro as he is trying to listen to the radio. He finds Man's drugs but since Pedro is the only one around at that time he is arrested instead. He takes Pedro outside and the camera zooms across the street to Sister Mary Elephant's school. Another skit involving a nun teaching a class takes place. Shortly after, Sargent Stadanko then joins Sister Mary Elephant's class to speak out against drug use. Just as Sargent Stadenko is about to leave Pedro opens the door to the class. Pedro and Man then play Earache My Eye. The body crab appears during the song and starts to head-bang. It runs after them but falls into a jar of chemicals. Pedro and Man are then seen lifted into a rocket and they launch into outer space. The body crab is seen to have made it on the rocket and jumps in Man's beard. The rocket crashes into the moon and the moon proceeds to smoke it as its appearance is similar to a joint. During the credits a scene shows the body crab singing and having a party on Mans beard. Man again plucks it and throws it away.
Chef	Bollywood	comedy	Raja Krishna Menon	Roshan Kalra(Saif Ali Khan)’s passion has been cooking ever since young. After losing his job as a chef, he decides to start his own mobile kitchen, and learning life lessons along the way.
Çalgı Çengi İkimiz	Turkish	comedy	Selçuk Aydemir	Two musicians, Salih and Gürkan, described the adventures of their cousins.
Do-Deca-Pentathlon, TheThe Do-Deca-Pentathlon	American	comedy	Jay Duplass, Mark Duplass	The film is about two brothers in their mid-30s (played by Mark Kelly and Steve Zissis) whose lifelong rivalry compels them to secretly complete an athletic competition that they came up with in high school but left unfinished.[4]
Bride Wars	American	comedy	Gary Winick	Emma Allen and Olivia Liv Lerner are best friends who have planned every detail of their weddings, since first witnessing a wedding 20 years ago at the Plaza Hotel. They both have made it a priority to be married in the same location in June. The two get engaged at the age of 26, and are expected to be each other's maid of honor. They schedule their weddings with New York's most famous wedding planner, Marion St. Claire, but due to a clerical error they are scheduled to have a wedding on the same day, June 6 (three and a half months later). The two of them ask the 3rd bride, Stacey, to switch her date with Emma but Stacey immediately refuses, resulting in Liv getting in a fight with Stacey at her job, for which Liv and Emma are escorted out of the store. A week of passive- aggressive hostility passes before the two women make it clear that neither will compromise, especially after the headstrong Liv hopes that Emma's passive nature would end their wait of who will surrender their date while Emma rejects the suggestion of a double wedding as she wants a day that is all about herself rather than sharing everything with Liv. Emma's fiancé, Fletcher, begins to show signs of being controlling. The two women declare war after a slight misunderstanding that Liv already set her wedding date, outraging Emma who sets her date as well, which Liv becomes aware of at their shared shower party. The two exchange threats and insults in front of their friends who decide not to take sides. Both women attempt to sabotage each other's wedding, including Liv changing Emma's dance instructor, Emma secretly sending Liv candy to make her too fat to fit into her dress, Liv making Emma's tan turn bright orange, Emma tampering with Liv's hair dye to turn Liv's hair a shocking blue-white color, Liv registering Emma on Babies R Us as pregnant, and Emma showing up to Liv's bachelorette party to out-dance her. Emma and Fletcher get into an argument regarding Emma's maniac behavior of sabotaging Liv's wedding and their friendship, including how Emma has changed since they first met. Emma and Fletcher are shown to undergo strains in their relationship because of Emma's new found opinionated and confident trait, a depart from her usual people-pleasing characteristics. Liv has learned to be more sensitive and expressive, which gives her a sense of relief to finally have the luxury of being able to let go and be less controlling. However, due to her stress about the wedding and strained friendship with Emma, she ends up demoted. Both brides-to-be are shown to be in the Plaza very shortly before they are due to be wed, separately. Right before Liv leaves to begin her march to the altar, she encounters Emma's father and receives his blessing; immediately she regrets setting up a wild spring break DVD to play at Emma's wedding. She sends her assistant Kevin to replace the DVD with the right one, filled with childhood memories. Thinking that the DVD is for a prank, he does not do so. Before the brides enter their respective venues, they share a moment of reconciliation as they both smile at each other. Emma begins her walk down the aisle but stops when the footage of her spring break is shown. She loses her temper and tackles Liv after sprinting to the other section of the Plaza. The two brides wrestle in their dresses on the floor while the people closest to the brides having decided to let the brides resolve the problem. After tussling, Emma and Liv lie on the ground panting, and then make up. Emma stands up and walks over to Fletcher who is upset at Emma's behavior. Emma tells him that she is not the same person he fell in love with ten years ago and that she has now changed, as it has been apparent that she learned to be more assertive. With that, the two tearfully call off their wedding. Liv's wedding resumes with Emma participating and dancing with Nate, Liv's brother and a well known magazine journalist. The movie picks up a year later when Liv and Emma meet up for drinks, where it's revealed that Emma married Nate. Emma and Liv also reveal to each other that they are pregnant and that their due dates are the same, March 3, and both friends get excited.
 Underclassman	American	comedy	Marcos Siega	Tracy (Trey) Stokes (Cannon) is a 23-year-old immature bike cop working for the Los Angeles Police Department. Stokes is known for creating lots of problems for his superiors and instead of doing his assigned duties, he tries to do detective work, which always results in failure. While playing basketball with Captain Delgado, Delgado is approached by someone in the Mayor's office looking to put an undercover detective into the affluent and prestigious Westbury School after a student was killed at a party. Stokes pushes himself into the conversation and volunteers to go undercover. With much hesitation from Delgado, the Mayor's representative states that Stokes looks the part and is assigned to the undercover operation. When Stokes arrives at the school, he learns that he has been placed in the same classes as Rob Donovan (Ashmore). Stokes tries to befriend Rob and his group but they dislike Stokes. After Stokes arrives at the Blacktop Battle (a basketball game between two elite schools) and fills in for an injured player, helping them win the game and impressing Rob, they slowly take a shine to Stokes. Stokes later finds out at every high school party thrown, it seems as though a luxury car is stolen. Stokes cooks up a plan to throw his own party (at Captain Delgado's home) where Rob and his friends get two girls to distract Stokes in order to steal Captain Delgado's car. Stokes soon figures out that Donovan has been stealing the cars at the parties. Near the end, it is revealed that the headmaster (Bonneville) of the school had been blackmailing Donovan, thus he is the ringmaster of the crimes. After being kicked off the force by his father-figure police chief (Marin), Trey solves the case (with the help from Donovan) and is reinstated.
The Brothers Solomon	American	comedy	Bob Odenkirk	John and Dean are two sheltered happy-go-lucky brothers who want nothing more than to please their ailing father. Deciding a grandson will do the trick, the clueless boys set out to find a woman who can give them a baby. Finding Janine on Craigslist, they find the woman of their dreams, artificially inseminating her and spending the next nine months on a roller coaster of life, facing romantic and parental challenges along the way that are no match for their sunny attitude.
 Mental	Australian	comedy	P. J. Hogan	Shirley Moochmoore (Rebecca Gibney) is a sweet misfit and mother of five daughters who are all convinced they suffer from various mental illnesses. Living in the Australian coastal suburb of Dolphin Heads and married to the often absent local politician Barry (Anthony LaPaglia), Shirley retreats into a fantasy world of her favourite musical, The Sound of Music. After she manically orders a huge amount of furniture, telling neighbours her husband won it on a TV game show, she's packed off to a mental institution; Barry instructs his daughters to say she's on holiday in Wollongong. Barry enlists a mysterious, surly hitchhiker named Shaz (Toni Collette) to care for his family. Shaz terrifies the girls into obedience with her ocker accent, her dog Ripper and the knife she keeps in her cowboy boot, but she also encourages them to stand up to local bullies including their smarmy Aunt Doris (Caroline Goodall), their snobbish, house-proud neighbour Nancy (Kerry Fox) and the two mean girls who run the local coffee shop and who had forced Shirley to eat unwanted donuts. Shaz's philosophy is that the 'normal' world is insane, and so-called 'crazy' people are the normal ones. She leads the Moochmore girls on a dawn climb of a nearby mountain. From its peak, they each select a stone to symbolise their newfound ability to overcome adversity. Shaz also encourages eldest daughter Coral (Lily Sullivan) to pursue a romance with Trout (Sam Clark), a hunky, guitar-strumming lifeguard at the aquatic theme park where Coral works for an eccentric shark hunter named Trevor Blundell (Liev Schreiber). Trevor had earlier disrupted Trout clumsily kissing Coral in the shark exhibit; but thanks to the confidence Shaz instils in Coral, Trout genuinely falls for her, and the pair spend a romantic evening together riding waterslides in the nude after the park has closed. After forcing Barry to eat a home-cooked meal with his family, and to seek treatment for his daughter Michelle's (Malorie O'Neill) genuine schizophrenia, Shaz reunites the Moochmore family at the mental institution. Shirley tells Barry that she knows of his habitual infidelities and will no longer support his political career. Barry begs her to appear at his campaign launch. Trevor reveals that Shaz is actually his mentally disturbed ex-wife. He tells Coral that Shaz is convinced the spirit of their daughter, who died in a boating accident, is trapped inside the giant preserved shark in Trevor's exhibit. Trevor is trying to move on with his life, but Shaz has repeatedly refused psychiatric treatment and instead has followed Trevor to several new towns, working her way into the trust of locals each time. Barry calls the police to have Shaz arrested, and she is confined to the same mental institution Shirley had been. Before the Moochmore family perform a triumphant, Von Trapp-style onstage singalong of 'Edelweiss' at Barry's campaign launch, the girls decide to break Shaz out of the mental institution. They tie up Trevor and help Shaz steal his pickled shark. Tortured by the gentle guitar songs of his guard, Trout, Trevor manages to escape just in time to intercept and reason with Shaz as she attempts to free the shark from its tank and 'release' it into the ocean. The shark tank plunges into the water, its attached rope entangling Trevor's legs, and Shaz dives after it, ostensibly to save him. Neither of them surfaces. The girls' aunt Doris, whose hobby is making elaborate costumes for porcelain dolls, has a final confrontation with Shaz in her doll display room. I lived! Shaz screams, then pulls down her jeans and lights a fart with her cigarette lighter, setting fire to the room and the entire house. Then she races out the front door, kicking over a garbage bin, which has left her able to win in triumph.
Ajab Gazabb Love	Bollywood	comedy	Sanjay Gadhvi	The story revolves around Rajveer (Jackky Bhagnani), a hard-working, rich youngster who is the heir of his father, Yashvardhan Grewal (Darshan Jariwala), and his company, Grewal Motors Co. When Rajveer falls in love with Madhuri (Nidhi Subbaiah), he realises that she hates all rich people, and has much sympathy for poor families. Therefore, Rajveer starts a drama, in which he pretends to be poor along with his family to gain Madhuri's love. However, when Madhuri's elder brother Karan Singh Chauhan (Arjun Rampal), arrives to meet Rajveer's family, he begins to suspect him, and as the truth slowly foils out, mayhem strikes![2]
Bob's Your Uncle	British	comedy	Oswald Mitchell	Home guardsman Albert is in love with Dolly, the daughter of commanding officer Diehard. In order to impress her, Albert tries to raise funds to buy a tank for the village.
Educated Evans	British	comedy	William Beaudine	Cockney racing tipster Evans (Miller) is asked by a nouveau riche and socially aspirant couple to train a racehorse they have bought. The couple know nothing about horse racing, but believe that ownership of a successful racehorse will be their entrée into the high society racing set. Evans does not own a stable, so the horse has to live with him and his two lodgers in an urban mews. He has to keep constantly on his toes, as circumstances continually threaten to reveal to the horse's owners the ramshackle conditions in which the animal is kept. Despite its less than ideal training environment, the horse turns out to have a natural talent and great racing potential. It does well in its outings, and is entered for a prestigious race. Shortly before the big day, disaster strikes when the horse is stolen. Evans has to track down and outwit the crooks, and manages to recover the horse in the nick of time. Feeling confident of the horse's chances, Evans places a substantial bet on it to win the race. In his excitement however, he makes a mistake and accidentally lays the bet on a no-hope nag at ridiculously long odds. The race turns out to be a sensation, with all the favourites including Evans' horse failing to finish for one reason or another. The hopeless carthorse Evans backed in error crosses the line first and he makes a huge financial profit.
Barbershop 2: Back in Business	American	comedy	Kevin Rodney Sullivan	Since the events of the previous film, Calvin Palmer, Jr. has finally settled comfortably into his role as the owner of the inner city barbershop founded by his grandfather and father. The shop's latest threat comes from overzealous developer Quentin Leroux who opens a rival barbershop chain across the street, called Nappy Cutz. While Calvin attempts to figure out how to deal with the coming threat of direct competition from Quentin's flashy establishment, his barbers have issues of their own. Isaac, the lone white barber, is now the star of the shop, and begins to feel that he deserves star treatment, feeling neglected by Calvin and the other barbers. Terri is finding success in managing her anger, but has trouble dealing with the growing mutual attraction between Ricky and her. Dinka is still interested in Terri, but is distraught when he finds out that she loves Ricky, instead. Jimmy has quit the shop to work for the local alderman Lalowe Brown; his replacement, Calvin's cousin Kenard, is fresh out of barber school and horribly inept at cutting hair. Meanwhile, the barbershop and other businesses like it are under threat from gentrification, and Calvin is offered a substantial bribe from Brown and Leroux in exchange for his support of the city council's gentrification legislation. A subplot involves Eddie recalling his time as a young man in the late 1960s, when he first started working at the shop with Calvin's father, including the riots following the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr. Also, Eddie remembers his long-lost love, Loretta. This subplot causes Eddie and Calvin to begin bonding. The film also introduces Calvin's good friend and ex-lover, Gina, who works at the beauty shop next door. The girls at the beauty shop have similar conversations and experiences as the barbers and Gina has a bitter rivalry with Eddie. After attempting to change his own barbershop's style and decor to match those of his rival, Calvin decides to refuse the bribe money and speak out against the neighborhood's gentrification at the local city council meeting. Though Calvin gives a passionate speech about the legislation helping the region to earn money at the cost of its soul and the community, the council still unanimously votes to approve the legislation and move forward with the project. Despite a mutual attraction, Terri and Ricky agree to remain friends (but not before sharing one last kiss). Dinka still loses out on Terri, but finds love with a stylist at Gina's beauty shop. Though the gentrification project is approved, the community remains loyal to Calvin's barbershop.
Always a Bride	British	comedy	Ralph Smart	A British father and daughter work a confidence trick up and down the luxury hotels of the French Riviera by posing as a newly married couple. Trouble begins, however, when the daughter falls in love with a tax investigator.
Dekh Tamasha Dekh	Bollywood	comedy	Feroz Abbas Khan	Inspired by a true incident, the film starts off when an underprivileged man gets crushed under the weight of a politician's (Satish Kaushik) poster. The film gets into the mood immediately after the man dies. The story gets into a climax as the judge tries to get into the details of the man's death, lawyers of parties argue the case and as it sparks communal riots. The deceased, who was a Hindu by birth, got converted to Islam. His death gives rise to a religious spark between the two religious factions who want his body to be burnt and buried, respectively.[3]
My Wife's Family	British	comedy	Gilbert Gunn	Jack Gay, a newlywed with a dominating mother-in-law attempts to surprise his wife Stella with a baby grand piano, but when she overhears him discussing it, she mistakes it for an illegitimate child, particularly with the arrival of his ex girlfriend, the blonde and glamorous Gloria Marsh.[4]
Sex Drive	American	comedy	Sean Anders	Ian Lafferty (Josh Zuckerman) is an 18-year-old recent high school graduate. He searches for a girl online making it seem as if he is attractive and strong, although he is sweet and unassuming. He soon meets Ms. Tasty (Katrina Bowden) and agrees to meet her in person. She lives in Knoxville, Tennessee, while he lives in Chicago, Illinois. With his best friends Lance Nesbitt (Clark Duke) and Felicia Alpine (Amanda Crew), he goes to Knoxville in a 1969 Pontiac GTO Judge borrowed without permission from Ian's arrogant homophobic older brother Rex (James Marsden). On the way to Knoxville, they come across a hitchhiker (David Koechner), as the radiator in the Judge overheats. Felicia suggests urinating in the radiator in order to get to the next town, so they talk her into urinating into the radiator after her friends when the hitchhiker says he is empty. They only works briefly as they try to leave the hitchhiker in the dust. The hitchhiker, frustrated at Ian's lack of concern for his well being, leaves, but not before urinating on the car window. As Ian and Felicia wander to find help, Lance is waiting with the car as Ezekiel (Seth Green) happens to pass by in his horse-drawn buggy. Ezekiel and his Amish buddies repair the car while they join a Rumspringa party where Fall Out Boy are playing a concert, and at which Lance meets an attractive Amish girl, Mary (Alice Greczyn). The three promise to come again on the way back to do some work in return for fixing the car. They go to jail due to Ian throwing a tire iron into a state trooper car, due to his increasing frustration after trying to put a possum he hit out of its misery, and are released after Mary pays the bail. Upon arriving in Knoxville, they find a hotel that sports a wide variety of role playing rooms. Rex, who has discovered the Judge missing, arrives angrily and insists that they go back and that Ian cannot visit Ms. Tasty. After Ian pretends to be gay, Rex allows him to see Ms. Tasty, hoping this encounter will change Ian's mind. Ian finally meets Ms. Tasty. However, when he tells her about Felicia, her seduction of Ian becomes a threat as her psychotic boyfriend Bobby Jo (Dave Sheridan) puts a gun to Ian's head. It becomes apparent that they work at a chop shop and attempt to steal the Judge. Lance and Mary arrive after having sex, as well as a redneck named Rick (Michael Cudlitz) whose girlfriend Brandy (Andrea Anders) slept with Lance earlier. Felicia, however, is hiding in the car when Bobby Jo tries to steal it. Soon, a green car that has been continuously drag-racing with the Judge throughout the movie arrives. Ian manages to save Felicia, who then is able to run off and report to the police. Ms. Tasty tries to escape, but is stopped by the green car, whose drivers turn out to be Andy and Randy (Charlie McDermott and Mark L. Young), two dim-witted self-declared womanizers from Ian's school, whom Ms. Tasty tried to manipulate into giving her the car. Bobby Jo is treated after being shot by Ian in self-defense. Felicia tells the police about the chop shop location and the couple is arrested. Upon finding out that if Mary leaves the Amish community, she will be shunned, Lance refuses to come back home and stays behind to marry Mary, while Ian and Felicia realize their love for each other. Ian and Felicia drive to a tree where Ian throws his shoes up into the tree. A few weeks later Ian is Felicia's date to her cousin's wedding. At Thanksgiving dinner, Rex tells his family that he is gay. On New Year's Eve Ian and Felicia finally have sex, in Ian's basement under a blanket on the sofa. In the final frame of the film, a picture is shown of Lance and Mary getting married, accompanied by Ian. Lance is shown sporting a beard exactly like Ezekiel's. During the credits, a short scene shows Ezekiel and Fall Out Boy arguing over the fact that the Amish fixed Fall Out Boy's tour bus for just a five song set in form for compensation, referring to a running gag throughout the movie.
Heat	Russian	comedy	Rezo Gigineishvili	After three years a conscript sailor, Aleksey (Aleksey Chadov), comes back from the Black Sea Fleet to Moscow for a meeting with his waiting girlfriend, Masha (Maria Kurkova (ru)), and old classmates. Unfortunately, he finds out that his girlfriend is already married and has a child, then decides to spend the remaining time in a restaurant with his friends—an oligarch's son, Konstantin (Konstantin Kryukov), a beginner actor, Artur (Artur Smolyaninov), and a hip-hop artist, Timati. When their lunch is coming to the end, it appears that no one has money to pay the bill, except Konstantin's dollars which do not accept for payment. The rapper is decided to exchange currency at the nearest money changer, that will cause troubles. As the former changer belongs to the Armenian (Tigran Keosayan), Timati sets out in search of another, but runs against a nazi skinhead gang. Saving his own life, the hero hides in the Konstantin's flat, where an Ostap Bender-like[3] swindler, Dani (Deni Dadaev (ru)), in waiting him. Meanwhile, his friends cannot wait anymore, so Artur is sent off. But before he could change the money, he is allured by the film director (Fyodor Bondarchuk) and prepares for shooting, but misses the actor-bus and leaves with gastarbeiters to demolish the Rossiya Hotel. Eventually, Konstantin hands over his last dollars to Aleksey, but he also failed after falling in love with a young traffic victim, Nastya (Agnija Ditkovskytė (ru)). After all that, despaired Konstantin makes a fuss in the restaurant, as a result he gets jailed by the police. Luckily for him, the mates could not abandon their friend and rescue him from captivity.
Motherhood	American	comedy	Katherine Dieckmann	In New York's West Village, a mother's (Uma Thurman) dilemmas of marriage, work, and self are shown in the trials and tribulations of one pivotal day.
EuroTrip	American	comedy	Jeff Schaffer	The film begins in Hudson, Ohio in 2004, where Scott Thomas (Scott Mechlowicz) is dumped by his girlfriend, Fiona (Kristin Kreuk), immediately after his high school graduation. With his best friend, Cooper Harris (Jacob Pitts), Scott attends a graduation party that evening where the band performs a song detailing the affair Fiona was having with the band's singer (Matt Damon). Scott returns home drunk and angry and reads an e-mail from his German pen pal, Mieke (Jessica Boehrs), expressing sympathy for Scott and suggesting they meet in person. However, Scott has always misunderstood her name as Mike, thinking that she is male. Cooper suggests that Mike may be a sexual predator, and Scott tells Mieke to stay away from him. Scott's younger brother informs him that Mieke is a common German girl's name. Realizing his mistake, and that he has feelings for Mieke, Scott tries to contact her again, but finds that Mieke has blocked his email address. Scott decides to travel to Europe, with Cooper, to find Mieke and apologize in person. Scott and Cooper arrive in London, where they befriend a Manchester United football hooligan firm, led by Mad Maynard (Vinnie Jones). After a night of drinking, Scott and Cooper wake up on a bus on their way to Paris with the hooligans. In Paris, they meet up with their classmates Jenny and Jamie (Michelle Trachtenberg and Travis Wester), fraternal twins who are touring Europe together. Jenny and Jamie decide to accompany Scott and Cooper to find Mieke in Berlin. The group travels to Amsterdam, where Jamie is robbed while receiving oral sex in an alley, losing everyone's money, passports and train tickets. They attempt to hitchhike to Berlin, but due to a language misunderstanding, they end up in Bratislava. Finding a great exchange rate with the U.S. dollar, the group goes to a nightclub. Drunk on absinthe, Jenny and Jamie make out with each other, witnessed by Scotty and Cooper, and are horrified when they realize what they are doing. The next day, a Slovak man drives them to Berlin, where they learn that Mieke has left with a summer tour group, and will be reachable in Rome for only a short time. Jamie sells his camera to afford plane tickets to Rome. In Rome, the group heads to the Vatican City, where Mieke is touring before her summer at sea. Inside the Vatican, Scott and Cooper search for Mieke, but accidentally ring the bell that signals the Pope has died. Scott appears on a balcony and spots Mieke in the crowd below. The Swiss Guards detain Scott and Cooper, but they are rescued by the Manchester United hooligans. Scott finally introduces himself to Mieke and confesses his love. Mieke is happy to see him, and they have sex in a confessional booth before she leaves on her trip. On the flight back to Ohio, Jenny and Cooper give into their urges and have sex in the plane's lavatory, while Jamie stays in Europe being hired by Arthur Frommer. In the fall, Scott moves to Oberlin College. During a phone conversation with Cooper, who is now dating Jenny, Mieke knocks on his door, having been assigned to the same room due to misunderstanding about her name. They embrace and get into bed together.
Compromising Daphne	British	comedy	Thomas Bentley	A young couple struggle with their overbearing parents.[1]
 Zack and Miri Make a Porno	American	comedy	Kevin Smith	Zack Brown and Miri Linky are roommates in Monroeville, Pennsylvania (a Pittsburgh suburb). They have been friends since the first grade. Despite Miri working at the local shopping mall and Zack working at a coffee shop, they have not paid their utility bills in months, with Zack devoting much of his free time to a fanatic following of the Pittsburgh Penguins and his status in the community amateur hockey team, the Monroeville Zombies. After work on the night before Thanksgiving, their water gets turned off before they go to their high school reunion. At the reunion, Miri attempts to seduce her attractive former classmate Bobby Long, while Zack strikes up a conversation with Brandon St. Randy, who reveals that he is a gay porn star, and Bobby's boyfriend. After returning home from the reunion, the apartment's electricity is turned off. Inspired by a successful viral video that was filmed by a pair of teenage boys as Miri changed in Zack's place of work for the reunion (revealing that she wore unattractive granny panties underwear), and emboldened by the cultural mainstreaming of pornographic entertainment, Zack convinces a reluctant Miri that they should make a pornographic film to earn money. Gathering a group of acquaintances and hired help as the cast and crew, they decide to film a pornographic Star Wars parody, entitled Star Whores. Delaney, the film's producer and Zack's co-worker, rents film equipment and a building to use as a studio. When they return to the studio after the first night of filming, the building is being demolished, with all the equipment and costumes inside. They are told that the man that rented it to them had run off with the money. Later at the coffee shop where Zack works, he realizes that his boss threatened to install a hidden camera, which Zack finds and decides to use to replace their lost film equipment. Zack retools his film to take place in the coffee shop, revamping the film to one with a coffee shop motif, Swallow My Cockuccino. The group shoots the film after hours. Despite their insistence that they would not let sex with each other affect their friendship, Zack and Miri soon develop romantic feelings for each other. When it comes time for Zack and Miri to have sex on camera, they find that instead of the clinical sex enacted by the actors in the other scenes, their interlude is romantic and heartfelt. Later the next evening, Zack and Miri are at home tentatively about to discuss their reactions to the scene, when suddenly their apartment's electricity and water service return. The rest of the actors and crew reveal that they pooled their resources to pay one month of Zack and Miri's bills and are throwing them an early wrap party. At the party, one of the other actresses, Stacey, asks Miri if it's okay for her to ask Zack to have sex, since she's nervous about her upcoming scene with him. Although Miri has realized that she has developed feelings for Zack, she tells Stacey it's okay to ask him. When Stacey relates this to Zack, the two retreat to Zack's bedroom, much to Miri's dismay. The next evening, Zack is preparing to film a scene between Stacey and another actor, Lester, that was supposed to have been with Lester and Miri. Zack is dismayed when Miri shows up and insists on shooting the scene as originally planned. In the back room, an incredulous Zack asks if she is doing this as a form of retaliation, pointing out that Stacey told him that Miri did not mind her sleeping with Zack. Miri corrects him, clarifying that she did not mind that Stacey merely made the offer to sleep with him. Perceiving this to have been some type of test, Zack admits that during the sex scene they filmed together, they were actually making love and that there was an emotional connection between them, and that he loves Miri. When Miri does not reciprocate, Zack storms out of the coffee shop, quitting the film and his job, and moves out of the apartment. Three months later, Delaney goes to see Zack, who has moved on to an exterior concessions job at Mellon Arena during Pittsburgh Penguins games. Delaney convinces him to come to Delaney's home to see the unfinished film and help complete it. Zack agrees, and as Delaney and the cameraman Deacon explain, Zack learns that Miri never filmed her sex scene with Lester. Zack goes to Miri's apartment and reveals to her that he never slept with Stacey; instead, they talked about Miri all night. He pours his heart out to Miri, proclaiming his love for her, which she reciprocates. In a post credits scene, it is revealed that Zack and Miri have married, and with the help of Delaney and his worker's compensation settlement, start their own video production company, Zack and Miri Make Your Porno, which makes amateur videos for couples.
Naduvula Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom	Tamil	comedy	Balaji Tharaneetharan	Prem Kumar (Vijay Sethupathi) is all set to get married to his lover Dhanalakshmi (Gayathrie Shankar). Two days before his wedding, Prem decides to try his hand at playing cricket with his friends — Bagavathi (Bagavathi Perumal), Balaji Tharaneetharan (Rajkumar) and Saras (Vigneswaran). The game gets a little serious as Prem in a bid to catch a ball falls down only to get injured in his head. He quickly gets back on his toes as the injury is not serious. But soon after the match, the friends are in for a shock. Due to the injury, Prem develops retrograde amnesia and short-term memory loss, wherein he remembers the chain of events which leads to the injury but forgets the last one year of his life and fails to remember everything after the injury. He remembers his life till college and recognizes his friends, but is clueless about his upcoming wedding and about Dhanalakshmi herself, as it is during the last one year that he met her, fell in love with her and decided to marry her. Fearing trouble, his friends take him to a doctor, who says that he could recover anytime. Hence, his friends plan to keep him in their company, enact a drama till he ties the wedding knot, with the hope that he would get back his memory soon, while covering Prem's disorder from everyone else. In the end, everything works out well, and Prem gets his memory back.
Come On George!	British	comedy	Anthony Kimmins	In this farce, Formby plays a stable boy. He also has the unique ability to soothe an anxious racing horse. Expectedly, George races the horse and wins.[4]
Work	American	comedy	Charlie Chaplin	Charlie is an assistant to Izzy A. Wake, a painter and paper hanger. The two men are on their way to a job via a cart. The boss rides in the cart, leisurely sitting atop all their paraphernalia, while Charlie is hitched to the cart like a mule. The boss also treats Charlie like a mule, beating him with a stick to get him to move faster. When the boss opts to take a shortcut up a steep hill, the out-of-control cart descends and is nearly hit by an oncoming streetcar. A second attempt to scale the enormous hill is successful. At the house they are to paper, Charlie becomes distracted by the pretty maid. The boss has a misadventure and falls, his head ending up in a bucket of paste. Meanwhile, the short-tempered homeowner is contending with the threat of an exploding stove and an amorous French visitor who is making passes at his wife. Shots are fired—and the target turns out to be Charlie who has been enjoying the maid's company. An enraged Charlie gives the Frenchman, his boss, and the homeowner each a face full of paste. As the fight moves into the kitchen, the troublesome stove finally explodes. When the dust dies down, Charlie is nowhere to be seen. Slowly the oven door opens. Charlie looks out and retreats back into the stove.
Master and Man	British	comedy	John Harlow	Two tramps come to the rescue of a lady by saving her house from arsonists.
Father Figures	American	comedy	Lawrence Sher	Kyle (Wilson) and Peter Reynolds (Helms) are fraternal twin brothers who were raised by their mother, Helen (Close), after thinking their father died before they were born. Kyle is dating his pregnant girlfriend, Kaylani, and has been financially successful after receiving royalties for his picture on hot sauce labels. Peter is a divorced proctologist with a teenage son who resents him. Shortly after his mother's wedding, Peter recognizes an actor on Law and Order: SVU as his father from his photo, and confronts his mother at her wedding. Helen explained that she had been promiscuous at the time of her children's conception, and did not want their father to help raise them. As they press the issue, Helen reveals that their father is Terry Bradshaw. The brothers fly down to Florida to meet Bradshaw, who they encounter at a signing event. Bradshaw is excited to have them as sons, and welcomes them in to his home. As Bradshaw recounts stories with his friend and former teammate, Rod Hamilton (Rhames), Kyle and Peter realize that Bradshaw had been traveling in Australia at the time of their conception, and thus couldn't be their father. The brothers are directed to find Roland Hunt (Simmons), a New York investor who dated Helen after Bradshaw. As they travel north, Kyle finds that his royalties deal with the hot sauce company is ending, and he will be unable to support his growing family. Upon arriving at what they assumed was his office, the brothers find a boarded-up house. Hunt, thinking they are robbers, confronts them at gunpoint until they reveal they were looking for him because he dated their mother. He invites them inside, but expresses his dissatisfaction at having children. As the brothers prepare to depart, they offer to help their father in his job, which he claims is a repossession man. As Hunt breaks into a Ferrari, it becomes clear that he is a criminal thief. As the brothers argue with the owners of the Ferrari, Hunt attempts to escape, only to feel remorse for abandoning his sons. The brothers steal the Ferrari and end up hitting Hunt, who was returning to find them. At the hospital, the brothers find that they are incompatible to give Hunt blood, indicating that he cannot be their father. Hunt realizes that he was in prison at the time of their conception, but directs them to find another of Helen's ex-boyfriends named Sparkly P. Unable to find Sparky P, the brothers prepare to return home. Along the way, they pick up a hitch hiker (Williams), who provides advice as they travel north. After accidentally parking on railroad tracks, Peter and the hitch hiker narrowly escape getting hit by a train, while Kyle is stuck in the car and presumably killed. Initially devastated, Peter is surprised to see Kyle walk away from the car, only to be punched by Kyle for abandoning him. As they are being treated, the police officers recognize the name Sparkly P as Patrick O'Callaghan, a former police officer. As the brothers travel north, they stop at a hotel, where Peter meets and seduces Sarah (Aselton). The next morning, the brothers arrive at Patrick O'Callaghan's house to find a party occurring, only to quickly find out that it is his wake. Patrick's daughter is invited to speak, and Peter realizes that it is Sarah, his presumed half-sister. Disgusted, Peter makes a scene as he runs out of the wake, but is told by Patrick's twin brother, Kevin, that Patrick could not be his father, as he had been celibate while dating Helen. Kevin directs them to contact Dr. Walter Tinkler (Walken), who is a family friend and veterinarian from their home town. Kyle and Peter return home to confront Dr. Tinkler. Helen arrives to explain that Tinkler is not their father, as she is not their biological mother. Helen explains that she had been working at a shelter when a woman came in and gave birth to twins. The mother died during childbirth, and Helen chose to adopt Kyle and Peter instead of having them become foster children. The brothers are happy to have learned their history, and reconcile their differences. A year later, Kyle, Peter, and Helen are on vacation in Maui. Peter is now dating Sarah, and his son respects him. Kyle and Kaylani had twin daughters. The brothers have gone into business together and created an app that provides advice from the universe, spoken by the hitch hiker.
Manhandled	American	comedy	Allan Dwan	The shop girl Tessie McGuire is invited by her boss to a fun party. There she acts like a Russian duchess. The owner of an expensive department store hires her to attract customers. As she finds her way in the New York's higher milieu, she alienates most of her friends.
Green Grow the Rushes	British	comedy	Derek N. Twist	Three British government bureaucrats arrive in Kent to inquire as to why the coastal Anderida marsh is not being cultivated. The reason is that most of the local people know about or are involved in the liquor smuggling scheme operated by Captain Biddle and his accomplice Robert (Richard Burton), who is posing as a fisherman when he is seen by the newspaper editor and his journalist daughter Meg. Robert persuades them not to report it in the newspaper, and tells Biddle about his encounter with them. Biddle does not like the idea of any local Lily White (woman) knowing about their illegal activity; he was once married to a Lily White. The smugglers’ next cargo gets caught in a violent storm, and their boat washes inland, settling in the meadow of a farmer whose wife Polly happens to be Biddle’s ex-wife.
They Came Together	American	comedy	David Wain	When Joel (Rudd) and Molly (Poehler) meet, it's hate at first sight: his big Corporate Candy Company threatens to shut down her quirky indie candy shop. But amazingly (and predictably), they fall in love, until they break up and then must find their way back together.
Ghost Town	American	comedy	David Koepp	The film begins as married New York City businessman Frank Herlihy (Greg Kinnear) is accidentally killed while trying to buy an apartment for his mistress. Shortly afterward, cynical dentist Bertram Pincus (Ricky Gervais) has a near-death experience while under general anesthetic during a colonoscopy. When he recovers, he is able to see and communicate with ghosts who populate the area. The ghosts annoy Bertram by asking him to help them with personal business that was left unfinished when they died. Frank promises to keep the other ghosts away if Bertram will break up an engagement between Frank's widow Gwen (Leoni), a professional Egyptologist, and Richard (Billy Campbell), a human-rights lawyer who Frank says is dishonest. Bertram eventually agrees to the deal and tries to woo Gwen away from Richard. Bertram's past rudeness to Gwen makes this difficult, but he attracts her interest by analyzing the teeth of a mummified Egyptian Pharaoh that she has been studying. When Bertram has dinner with Gwen and Richard, he decides that Richard is not as bad as Frank claimed, but Bertram himself begins to fall in love with Gwen, and she enjoys Bertram's sense of humor. At another dinner, Gwen reveals that she learned of Frank's mistress the day he died, and when Richard visits Bertram for some dental work, Bertram drugs him with laughing gas in order to make him reveal that Gwen has broken their engagement. Frank doesn't understand why he is still on Earth if his unfinished business was to break up Richard and Gwen. Gwen, not being engaged to Richard any longer, says yes to a work proposal that would send her to the Valley of the Kings in Egypt for six months. As a going-away present, Bertram gets her a new key chain from a fancy jeweler's, as she had earlier mentioned that she desperately needed one. But when he mistakenly reveals information about Gwen that only Frank could have known, she demands the truth, and Bertram tells her the whole story about the ghosts. Gwen doesn't believe him and demands to know what Frank's worst nightmare was. Frank lies to Bertram, telling him a fake nightmare, and Gwen, thinking that Bertram has been lying to her and playing some kind of game, walks away and cuts him off. Bertram demands to know why Frank lied to him about the nightmare, and Frank points out that Bertram only cares about his own needs. Bertram sinks into a depression and asks a fellow dentist (Aasif Mandvi), for medication that will help him forget Gwen. His colleague instead convinces him that his life would be better if he decided to stop being selfish and start helping people. Bertram begins helping the ghosts around him with their unfinished business on Earth, bringing comfort to people they left behind and enabling the ghosts to depart. As he does this he realizes that the ghosts were still on Earth not because they had unfinished business, but because the people they were close to were not finished with them. He begins to appreciate life and the people he encounters. Bertram realizes that the reason Frank cannot leave is that Gwen has not let go of him yet. He confronts Gwen who asks him to ask Frank why she wasn't enough for him, and Frank says he's sorry for hurting her, which Bertram tells Gwen. Gwen is incredulous that after his infidelity, all Frank would have to say was 'sorry' and thinks that Bertram is making it all up. He rushes after her and while trying to persuade her to believe him, gets hit by a bus. Bertram, now a ghost himself, watches with Frank as people crowd around his body and Gwen sobs over him. Richard arrives on his way to the reception and tries to revive Bertram with prayer and CPR. Seeing how distraught Gwen is, Frank gives Bertram 'some advice' that will be useful in case he is resuscitated, and tells him that Gwen's tears are for Bertram, in other words she loves him. After saying this, Frank is finally allowed to leave the earthly plane. Bertram wakes up alive in the hospital. Later Gwen, who needs dental work, comes in for an appointment with another dentist but finds Bertram's office to say hello. Bertram tells Gwen of Frank's real nightmare—that of losing his way home, which was the advice Frank told him, and then assures her that Frank has 'found his way home.' The movie ends with Gwen saying, It hurts when I smile, to which Bertram replies I can fix that for you.[2]
Burn After Reading	American	comedy	Joel and Ethan Coen	Faced with a demotion at work due to a drinking problem, Osbourne Cox angrily quits his job as a CIA analyst and decides to write a memoir. When his pediatrician wife Katie finds out, she sees it as an opportunity to file for divorce and continue her affair with Harry Pfarrer, a deputy U.S. Marshal. She copies her husband's financial records and other files, including the draft memoir, and gives them to her lawyer. The lawyer's assistant copies the files onto a CD, which she accidentally leaves on the locker room floor of Hardbodies, a local gym. The disc falls into the hands of dim-witted personal trainer Chad Feldheimer and his co-worker Linda Litzke, who mistakenly believe it to contain sensitive government information. They plan to return the disc for a reward, with Linda hoping to use the money to pay for cosmetic surgery. After a phone call and subsequent meeting with Osbourne provoke a furious reaction, Chad and Linda attempt to sell the disc to the Russian embassy. Unbeknownst to them, the Russian ambassador is a spy for the CIA. Osbourne's increasingly temperamental and erratic behavior prompts Katie to change the locks on their house and invite Harry to move in. Harry is a womanizer and is also seeing Linda. Linda persuades Chad to sneak into the Coxes' home to get more files from their computer. Harry finds Chad hiding in a wardrobe and the shock causes him to shoot Chad dead. Two days later at the CIA headquarters, Palmer Smith, Osbourne's former superior, and his director learn that information from Osbourne has been given to the Russian Embassy. They are perplexed: the material delivered to the Russians is of no importance, and the apparent motive of all the involved parties is unknown. The director, unaware of Chad's identity, orders Chad's death to be covered up. Harry argues with Katie and leaves the house. On his way out, he spots a man who has been trailing him for the past several days. Harry tackles the man and finds out that he is a private detective hired by his wife Sandy to gather evidence to divorce him. Separately, it is revealed that Sandy is having an affair of her own. Harry is devastated and goes to see an agitated Linda, who confides to Harry that Chad is missing. Harry agrees to help find Chad. Linda returns to the Russian embassy to find Chad. The Russians have dismissed the CD contents as drivel and escort Linda off the embassy grounds. She turns to Ted Treffon, the kindhearted manager of Hardbodies, who has unrequited feelings for her. Against his better judgement, Ted agrees to go to the Coxes' home to search Osbourne's computer. Harry and Linda meet in a park; Harry believes a man in the park is surveilling him. Linda denies knowing the man, which makes Harry suspicious. When Linda reveals the address where Chad disappeared, Harry realizes that Chad is the man he shot. Convinced that Linda is a spy and that everyone in the park is surveilling him, he panics and flees. Osbourne becomes unhinged when he finds out that Katie has emptied his bank accounts and decides to break into the house to get his alcohol and personal belongings. Finding Ted in the basement, Osbourne shoots Ted and then kills him with a hatchet. A CIA agent intervenes by shooting Osbourne, leaving him in a coma. At CIA headquarters a few days later, Palmer and his director try to understand what happened. Harry has been detained trying to flee to Venezuela, as that country has no extradition treaty with the US. The director instructs Palmer to send Harry to Venezuela. The director and Palmer agree to leave Osbourne comatose and deal with him if he ever wakes. Linda promises to keep quiet if they will pay for her plastic surgery, to which the director agrees. They conclude that there appears to be no lesson for the agency to learn from the events. I guess we learned not to do it again, the director says, despite not knowing exactly what they did, and closes the file.
The Boat	American	comedy	Edward F. Cline, Buster Keaton	Buster is married with two children (both of whom wear the porkpie hat made famous by Keaton). He has built a large boat he has christened Damfino inside his home. When he finishes and decides to take the boat out to sea, he discovers it is too large to fit through the door. Buster enlarges the opening a bit, but when he tows the boat out, it proves to be a bit bigger than he estimated, and the house collapses, utterly. Buster loses his car during the attempt to launch the boat. The boat passes with impunity under the exceedingly low bridges of the Venice (California) canals thanks to Buster's boat design. While out on the Pacific, Buster and his family are caught in a terrible storm. The boat is barely seaworthy to begin with, and it does not help that Buster nails a picture up inside the boat, causing an improbable leak, or when he further drills through the bottom of the boat to let the water out (resulting in a spectacular gusher of a leak). He radios a Morse Code call for help, but when the navy or coast guard operator asks who it is, he answers, d-a-m-f-i-n-o (in Morse Code). The man interprets it as damn if I know and dismisses the call as a prank. Taking to a (ridiculously small) dinghy (that is in fact a bathtub), Buster and his family wash up on a deserted beach in dark of night. Where are we? asks his wife (via an intertitle), to which Buster replies, Damn if I know (mouthing the words to the camera, no intertitle is used).
Dandy Dick	British	comedy	William Beaudine	A vicar who lives in the country with his daughter and grandson discovers he owns a share in a racehorse. He must now put his principles aside and attempt to save the church by gambling. A doping scandal ensues.
Rumor Has It...	American	comedy	Rob Reiner	In 1997, Sarah Huttinger, an obituary and wedding announcement writer for The New York Times, travels to Pasadena, California, for her sister Annie's wedding, accompanied by her fiancé Jeff Daly. At a pre-wedding party, Sarah learns from her grandmother Katharine that her late mother Jocelyn ran off to Cabo San Lucas to spend time with her prep school classmate Beau Burroughs the week before her wedding to Sarah's father Earl. Jeff points out Sarah's parents were married just short of nine months before her birth, leading her to wonder if Beau might really be her biological father. Sarah also discovers her grandmother might have been the inspiration for Mrs. Robinson, an infamous character in the novel The Graduate. After the wedding, determined to find out more about Beau and her mother's past, Sarah decides to fly to San Francisco, where Beau, now a highly successful and very wealthy Silicon Valley Internet wizard, is addressing a seminar. She meets him; and he admits to the affair but assures Sarah he couldn't be her father because he suffered blunt testicular trauma while playing in a high school soccer game and, as a result, is sterile. The two go out for drinks, and the following morning Sarah wakes up in Beau's bed in his Half Moon Bay home. Although guilt-stricken by her behavior, Sarah allows Beau to convince her to be his date at a charity ball, where she meets Beau's son Blake. Beau explains his wife wanted a biological child and was artificially inseminated to become pregnant. Mollified, Sarah kisses Beau and is caught by Jeff, who has returned to California to find her. Following an ensuing argument, Jeff leaves her. Dejected, Sarah returns to visit Katharine, who flies into a rage when she learns Beau has slept with her granddaughter. The two learn Annie suffered an anxiety attack while flying to her honeymoon and wants to talk to Sarah. Sarah tells her sister about the relationship three generations of Richelieu women have had with Beau. She reassures Annie she truly is in love with her husband, Scott, and in doing so realizes she's ready to marry Jeff. It is also revealed that Earl was the one who accidentally caused Beau's testicular trauma. This makes Beau somewhat nervous to be around Earl, though Katherine is quite pleased by the revelation. Earl reveals to Sarah he always knew about Jocelyn and Beau's affair. Despite Beau being a fling for her, Jocelyn returned to Earl because she loved him and he was someone with whom she could build a life. On the night she returned, Sarah was conceived. This explained the date difference between her birthday and her parents' wedding. Determined to win Jeff back, Sarah returns to New York City and tells her fiancé about her feelings. They reconcile on the condition that if they ever have a daughter, she would not be allowed anywhere near Beau. The film ends with Sarah and Jeff's wedding.
The Duke Wore Jeans	British	comedy	Gerald Thomas	The only son of the poor but aristocratic Whitecliffe family is to be sent to the nation of Natalla in order to sell the family's cattle to upgrade the nation's livestock. As a side benefit his parents hope he will marry the King's only daughter Princess Maria. Unknown to his family on Tony is secretly married to a commoner. Fate intervenes when drifter Tommy Hudson, who is the identical likeness of Tony comes to the Whitecliffe estate to seek work. Tony engages Tommy to impersonate him on his trip to Natalla accompanied by Cooper, the family's only servant.
My Best Friend's Girl	American	comedy	Howard Deutch	Sherman 'Tank' Turner (Dane Cook) is a help line operator and a ladies man with a hobby: If a guy loses a girl and wants her back, he gets in touch with Tank and pays him to take the girl on a bad date. Throughout the evening Tank inevitably behaves in the most moronic fashion causing the girl to realize that her ex was not really such a bad guy after all and get back to their ex. He shares an apartment with his step cousin Dustin (Jason Biggs) who has fallen for his colleague Alexis (Kate Hudson). Dustin takes Alexis on a date and confesses his love but she insists they remain friends. After the date Dustin explains his situation to Tank who volunteers his services as a good friend (instead of having to pay for his services as usual). Dustin initially turns him down, not wanting Tank to be close to Alexis, but the next day sees Alexis flirting with another co-worker and begs Tank to take Alexis out. He accepts. Tank bumps into Alexis and they arrange to go out. He behaves badly all night but Alexis is too drunk to care. When he drops her off she expects him to come in but he resists the temptation out of loyalty to Dustin. Alexis calls Dustin but when they meet she explains that her date with Tank has motivated her to see other men. Dustin sends Alexis roses and an apology poem in Tank's name. Alexis calls Tank at work and berates him for leaving early the previous night. Tank goes to see Alexis and they end up having casual sex on a regular basis while Dustin begins a series of desperate attempts to stay friends with her after all. Dustin prepares to go on a date with a single mother but when he arrives to pick her up, she is breast-feeding her child. Dustin, in an effort to be funny, awkwardly remarks that he would like to have what the baby is having. The woman, now creeped out and furious, yells at Dustin and throws him out, cancelling their date. Distraught, Dustin goes to Alexis's home to see her but is told by her roommate that Alexis was busy upstairs with the guys she has been having sex with regularly. Dustin, even more upset and refusing to leave, starts to walk up the stairs only to discover that the man Alexis has been sleeping with is actually Tank. Tank and Dustin get into a fight and go separate ways. Tank's feelings for Alexis have now grown and he decides to consult with his father (Alec Baldwin). After meeting with his father, he has doubts that he is deserving of a serious relationship with her. While attending the wedding of Alexis' sister Rachel (Diora Baird), he realizes that she is one of his previous bad dates. The groom, Josh (Taran Killam), asks Tank to keep quiet about his use of his services. After overhearing Alexis telling Rachel that she has fallen for him, Tank's guilt causes him to sabotage their relationship and call Dustin to apologize to him. Dustin arrives at the wedding reception and reveals Tank's schemes to Alexis. Tank points out his clients, including the groom, and is punched and thrown out. Alexis, distraught from the fact that Tank used her, and that Dustin played to cheaply win her, never wants to see either of them again. Later, while talking with Dustin and his father, Tank realizes that he loves Alexis and they encourage him to reconcile with her. He finds her and jogs with her for a few miles, in the attempt to make amends, but Alexis is unmoved. Three months later, Tank is on a date when Alexis sees him and spontaneously decides to sabotage the date by embarrassing him. She walks up to him and throws wine in his face, ruining his date. Then continues to try embarrass him by stating to the whole room that he left her pregnant. He soon catches on to her joke and they then continue to throw insults at each other (some of which shadow previous insults they threw at each other at their second meeting), each trying to best each other in a play argument of insults and bantering. After which they reconcile with a kiss. The film ends suggesting their relationship is back on. As the film's titles roll up, it is shown/suggested that Dustin and Alexis' roommate Ami (Lizzy Caplan) hook up (or at very least have a sexual encounter if not actually a relationship). It's left up to the audience to decide.
Road Hard	American	comedy	Adam Carolla	Years after his movie and sitcom career has run dry, Bruce Madsen is reduced to headlining one dingy comedy club after another, spending his nights in budget hotel rooms, and flying coach while his former fans sit in first class. He has only one question: What the hell happened? Amidst trying to revitalize his career, rekindle his love life, and put his daughter through college, Bruce knows one thing for sure - he must get off the road - hard. Road Hard is the story of that journey.
Madea's Witness Protection	American	comedy	Tyler Perry	George Needleman, a nerdy, high level CFO in New York City, promises his son that he will take him to his Saturday afternoon baseball game after he gets back from the office. He gets to his office and arrives to a harrowing scene; his co-workers are shredding documents and are in a state of chaos. He sees his boss, Walter, who informs him that his company is a Ponzi scheme run by the mob. He is being accused of spearheading the scheme and laundering funds and has to enter his family into a witness protection program. The program relocates them to a refuge where no one will think to look for them: Madea and Joe's house in Georgia. Meanwhile, Jake – whose elderly, ailing father is a church pastor who has put him in charge of the church's mortgage fund – stages a robbery (which is unsuccessful). Jake, who has a criminal past but whose father trusts that he has turned over a new leaf, is trying to recover church funds that he has invested in Needleman's company without his father's knowledge or consent, only to lose the entire investment in the Ponzi scheme. The Needlemans' first meeting with Madea and Joe is awkward and bodes poorly for how everyone will get along. However, over time, Madea helps Kate and Cindy relate better to each other and to other family members, while Joe and Kate help George become more confident, more in touch with his surroundings and people around him, and more effective in channeling his emotions. Barbara displays dual sensibilities about colored people. On one hand, she mistakes Madea for a domestic named Sadie, treats Sadie imperiously, and threatens to get her fired. On the other hand, she recognizes Joe as a man she slept with years ago (and George's biological father), and relates to him seductively; she also enjoys Negro spirituals and repeatedly asks to be taken to the African American church down the street from Madea's house. Pastor Nelson's sermon inspires George to recognize a pattern in his company's records that explains where 10% of the stolen funds have been stashed. After church, watching Whoopi Goldberg's Oda Mae Brown character in Ghost inspires George to involve Madea in a plan to redivert funds from the stashed accounts back to the charities whose investments were stolen in the Ponzi scheme. The plan requires George (who disguises himself as a Frenchman to avoid detection by the Malone mob family), Jake, and Madea (who assumes the identity of an upscale woman named Precious Jackson) to travel to New York City, and for Precious to meet with a bank manager to transfer funds from the laundered accounts to the legitimate charities. Madea successfully accomplishes her mission, although she improvises both an expansion of her assumed identity (by pretending to be the oldest Jackson sister) and of the accounts to which Precious's funds are transferred by having some money sent to her real bank account, unbeknownst to George and Jake. When George and Jake begin to share their plan with Brian (Perry), he cuts them off and advises them it's illegal. However, after they pull off the caper, Brian informs George that his cooperation with the authorities and his successful efforts to return the charities' funds have given Brian leverage to dismiss the charges against George. Kate points out to George that the situation has strengthened their relationship and their family, and that it is a blessing in disguise. Upon leaving Madea's house, Cindy and Howie ask if they can come back to visit but both Madea and Joe immediately decline (though Madea does so in a sweet demeanor). Before returning to New York, the Needlemans visit Pastor Nelson's church one last time. The Pastor and Jake burn the mortgage papers and the entire congregation celebrates the mortgage's being paid off, and the Needlemans enjoy the Negro spirituals. Madea also enjoys the spiritual music from her front porch, celebrating her new wealth.
The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou	American	comedy	Wes Anderson	While oceanographer Steve Zissou is working on his latest documentary at sea, his best friend and chief diver, Esteban du Plantier, is eaten by a creature Zissou describes as a jaguar shark. For his next project, Zissou is determined to document the shark's destruction. The crew aboard Zissou's aging research vessel Belafonte includes his estranged wife Eleanor, chief strategist and financial backer; Pelé dos Santos, a safety expert and Brazilian guitarist who sings David Bowie songs in Portuguese; and Klaus Daimler, the German first mate who views Zissou and Esteban as father figures. Minor crew members include Vikram Ray, cameraman; Bobby Ogata, frogman; Vladimir Wolodarsky, physicist and soundtrack composer; Renzo Pietro, sound man; and Anne-Marie Sakowitz, script girl. Also included is a recent group of unpaid interns from the University of North Alaska. However, the Team Zissou venture has hit a decline; they have not released a successful documentary in nine years. Ned Plimpton is a longtime Zissou fan whose mother had recently died, and he believes that Zissou is his father. After they meet at Zissou's latest premiere, Ned takes leave from his job as an airline pilot in Kentucky to join his crew. As Oseary Drakoulias, Zissou's producer, can not find anyone to finance their latest documentary, Ned offers his inheritance. Eleanor feels her husband is taking advantage of Ned and leaves. A reporter, Jane Winslett-Richardson, who is pregnant, comes to chronicle the voyage. Both Ned and Zissou are infatuated with Jane, and a rivalry develops between them. Klaus becomes envious of the attention Zissou pays to Ned. On their mission to find the jaguar shark, the Belafonte steals tracking equipment from a remote station owned by Alistair Hennessey, a more successful oceanographer and Zissou's nemesis. They then sail into unprotected waters and are attacked by Filipino pirates, who steal Ned's money and kidnap Bill Ubell, a bond company stooge assigned to the project. They are then rescued by Hennessey and towed to Port-au-Patois. Sakowitz, along with all but one of the interns, jump ship once they reach port. Zissou convinces Eleanor to rejoin the Belafonte, and then leads the crew on a rescue mission. They track Bill to an abandoned hotel on a remote island, saving him along with Hennessey, whom the pirates have also kidnapped. Ned and Zissou then make one last search for the shark in the ship's helicopter, but the aircraft malfunctions and they crash. Ned dies from his injuries and is buried at sea. Prior to Ned's death, Eleanor revealed to Jane that Zissou is sterile, therefore Ned could not have been his son. Zissou finally tracks down the shark in a submersible but he decides not to kill it, both because of its beauty and not having any more dynamite. At the premiere of the finished documentary (which is dedicated to Ned), Zissou receives a standing ovation while waiting outside the theater for the premiere to finish. The crew returns triumphantly to the ship the next day.
You Got Served	American	comedy	Chris Stokes	David and Elgin lead a promising dance crew in Los Angeles, California who participate in street dancing battles at a warehouse owned by a local club owner, Mr. Rad. The film opens up with their crew battling another crew led by Vick. Their crew defeats Vick's crew. After the battle, David and Elgin go to another club to deliver drugs for a drug lord named Emerald in order to get money for the battles. Later on, David and Elgin are challenged by Wade, a rich kid from Orange County, for $5,000, they think it's easy money. After winning another battle, Wade and his best friend, Max meet Elgin at a park. Elgin tells them that his crew will battle their crew next Saturday night, but Wade and Max think that Elgin's crew are not good enough to battle them tonight. Furious, Elgin accepts their offer. He borrows money from his grandmother for the battle. Due to the amount of money on the line, Mr. Rad announced that there will be no fighting during the battle and hires a bodyguard for insurance. Nonetheless a fight does breakout after David and Elgin realize that their opponent has their moves set, due their crew member Sonny betraying the team to join Wade's. The crowd applauds Wade's crew but David and Elgin are furious that they have lost for the first time. Wade, crowing over his success, delivers the titular line, You're just mad... 'cause tonight you suckaz got served! Wade's crew takes over Mr. Rad's club and David and Elgin's crew leave furiously. Meanwhile, David and Liyah, Elgin's sister, are falling in love. David picks her up from work and they go to a restaurant. While playing basketball with Vick, who decides to join David and Elgin after his crew leaves him, Elgin gets a cell phone call from Emerald telling him that he wants them to come earlier to do their job. Elgin tries to call David immediately, but before David can take Elgin's call, Liyah turns off his phone, leaving Elgin to do the job himself. Elgin is beat down by some local thugs that take Emerald's money landing him in the hospital, in trouble with Emerald, and furious at David for not being there when he needed him. The friends split up and form their own crews, but neither is as good as on their own as they are together. Elgin forbids Liyah to see David, ignoring the fact that she and David want to help him. Rico tells David and Elgin about the Big Bounce, a $50,000 dance competition purportedly sponsored by MTV which will provide the winning crew the opportunity to perform in a Lil' Kim video. Elgin sees this as a way to pay back Emerald and his grandmother. Attempts to bring Elgin and David together, particularly by Liyah, are fruitless, as both nearly come to blows when encountering each other. Elgin receives a visit from Emerald, who tells him he has a couple of weeks to pay him back. He warns Elgin not to cross him or he will never walk, let alone dance again. During the qualifying rounds of the Big Bounce, many crews perform and impress the judges with their skills including Wade's crew. During this time Liyah talks with Mr. Rad about David and Elgin's problems. He reveals that he knows the situation with Emerald and took care of it stating that Emerald had a 'change of heart'. When it is time for David's crew to dance, two slip-ups costs his crew a chance to make it to the finals. Elgin's crew, however, impresses the judges and gets to the finals. While lamenting his loss in the semis, David and Liyah learn that Lil Saint, a young boy who has been accepted into the crew through Rico, was killed in a drive-by. The next day, Rico goes over to Elgin's house and tells him that they should reunite the crew in honor of Lil' Saint. David arrives minutes later, after Liyah asked him to come over in an attempt for him and Elgin to end their feud. David states, however, that in the competition rules they can only complete with the crews they started with. Regardless, both of them still don't forgive each other. Later, Elgin's crew, going by the name The Lil' Saints, show up to the finals of the Big Bounce competition. Wade Robson and Lil' Kim host the competition. The finals begin, but when they announce the winner, they discover there is a tie between The Lil' Saints and Wade's Crew. Both crews refuse a tie. Lil' Kim gets advice from Mr. Rad, who declares a battle competition, straight hood, with no rules, even allowing other people to join the battling crews. David also comes and asks to join Elgin's crew. With backup from their friends, Elgin forgives David and allows him to join. They battle Wade's crew, dedicating the battle to Lil' Saint. The Lil' Saints win after they get the loud approval from the crowd. As they celebrate their victory, Elgin gives his blessings for David and Liyah to be together. Wade and Max, however, walk up to them, angry over their loss. David replies with, Y'all just mad, 'cause today, you suckas got served. Their friends and the rest of the crowd begin to chant 'served' causing both Wade and Max to leave in shame. David and Elgin continue to celebrate with their friends and family.
In the Nick	British	comedy	Ken Hughes	A progressive experimental prison without bars is run by young psychiatrist Dr. Newcombe (Anthony Newley) and harsh but fair Chief Officer Williams (Harry Andrews). Four hardened criminals, the Spider Gang, arrive at this minimum security prison, the leader of whom is Spider Kelly (James Booth). Dr. Newcombe has his work cut out trying to reform the boys and enlists the aid of Spider's girlfriend Doll (Anne Aubrey), who, to Spider's anger, is now working as a stripper in Soho. Newcombe seems to be straightening Spider out, while Spider is in turn sorting out a rival imprisoned gang, led by Ted Ross (Ian Hendry), who hold the monopoly in smuggled cigarettes.
Rockets Galore!	British	comedy	Michael Relph	In the Cold War era of post-Second World War Britain, the government decides to establish a guided missile base on the Hebridean isle of Todday. The inhabitants are not happy with this disruption of their way of life, and hamper construction as much as they can. An RAF officer, sent to negotiate with the people, falls in love with a local girl and realises what the base would mean to the islanders. When a missile is finally launched, the guidance system fails and the missile returns to the land, rather than out at sea. As it is technically on privately owned land, the islanders claim it and celebrate their 'victory' by dancing around the site. The RAF tries unsuccessfully to negotiate, but eventually abandons the base. But some islanders wished the base to remain, with the attendant economic benefits. Inspired and led by Father James, they 'discover' a rare seagull that only nests on Todday, in the hope that tourists will come.
Sideways	American	comedy	Alexander Payne	Miles Raymond is an unsuccessful writer, a wine aficionado, and a divorced, depressed, borderline alcoholic middle-aged English teacher living in San Diego. He takes Jack Cole, his soon-to-be-married actor friend and former college roommate, on a road trip through the Santa Ynez Valley wine country. Though Cole is still recognized on occasion, his acting career appears to have peaked years earlier, when he had a role in a popular TV soap. He now does commercial voice-overs and plans to enter his future father-in-law's successful real estate business. Miles wants to spend the week relaxing, playing golf and enjoying good food and wine. However, much to Miles' consternation, Jack is on the prowl and wants one last sexual fling before settling into domestic life. In the wine country, the pair visit Miles' favorite restaurant, The Hitching Post II, and encounter Maya, a waitress with whom Miles is casually acquainted. Jack senses that Maya is interested in Miles, who believes she is married. Jack lies to Maya that Miles' manuscript has been accepted for publication, even though it is only being considered. At a tasting in a local winery, Jack and Miles meet a wine pourer named Stephanie, who is also acquainted with Maya. Jack is immediately attracted to Stephanie and arranges a double date, having discovered Maya is no longer married. During the date, Miles gets drunk and telephones Vicki, his ex-wife, after learning from Jack that she has remarried. The two couples go to Stephanie's home, where she and Jack immediately adjourn to her bedroom for sex. Miles and Maya connect through their mutual interest in wine. Maya says she is finishing a master's degree in horticulture so she can get out of being a waitress. They leave separately, but not before Miles gives her a copy of his manuscript. Jack's affair with Stephanie continues, to the point where he believes he's falling in love; he bonds with her daughter and suggests to Miles that they move there for him to be closer to Stephanie. He wants to call off his wedding. After spending a day together, Miles and Maya return to her apartment and have sex. The next morning, Miles lets it slip that Jack is to be married. Disgusted with the men's dishonesty, Maya dumps Miles and tells Stephanie, who, furious and devastated that she's been used, breaks Jack's nose. On finding out his manuscript has been rejected, Miles drinks heavily at a vineyard. When a server cuts him off, he ends up drinking from the spit bucket in the tasting room, creating a scene. That night, Jack hooks up with another waitress named Cammi, who recognizes him from his acting career. Hours later, Jack shows up at the motel  – naked and confessing that Cammi's husband came home while she and Jack were having sex. Jack was forced to flee without his clothes and wallet (which contains a pair of irreplaceable wedding rings). He convinces Miles to sneak into the house, where he discovers Cammi and her husband having sex. Miles grabs the wallet and runs, barely escaping Cammi's irate husband, who pursues him in the nude. To explain his broken nose to his fiancée, Jack runs Miles' Saab 900 convertible into a tree, giving the appearance they had been in an accident. The pair return to the fiancée's home, where Jack is welcomed with open arms. Miles meanwhile drives away in his battered car. Following the wedding ceremony, Miles runs into his ex-wife Vicki and meets her new husband. Learning that she is pregnant, Miles hits rock bottom. Alone, he drinks his prized wine, a 1961 Château Cheval Blanc, from a disposable styrofoam soda cup at a fast-food restaurant. Time passes as Miles returns to the routine of teaching school. One day he receives a voice-mail from Maya, who says she enjoyed his manuscript and invites him to visit. Miles is seen driving back to wine country and knocking on Maya's door.
Alfie	American	comedy	Charles Shyer	Alfie Elkins (Jude Law) is a Cockney limo driver and sex addict, who regularly beds beautiful women on one-night stands. In addition to these, he maintains a casual relationship with a single mother named Julie (Marisa Tomei) that he refers to as his semi-regular-quasi-sort-of-girlfriend thing, and the unhappily married Dorie (Jane Krakowski). At the first inkling that Dorie wants something more than casual sex, he decides to stop contacting her. Alfie wants to go into business with his coworker and best friend, Marlon (Omar Epps), but Marlon is preoccupied with trying to win back his ex-girlfriend, Lonette (Nia Long). Marlon asks Alfie to put in a good word with Lonette. Alfie meets with her at a bar to persuade her to get back together with Marlon - after both becoming intoxicated, they end up having sex on a pool table. Alfie meets with Marlon the next day, terrified that he knows about their indiscretion, but is relieved when Marlon says he and Lonette got back together and surprised when Marlon informs him that he asked Lonette to marry him. Alfie goes to Julie's place for another booty call, but she throws him out after confronting him about his affair with Dorie, which she learned about after finding her panties in her rubbish bin, which Alfie had discarded there earlier after discovering them in his pocket. Later attempting to reconcile by attending her son's birthday, bringing a teddy bear as a gift, Alfie discovers that his actions have led to Julie reconciling with her estranged husband. Alfie later discovers Lonette is pregnant with his child, and (without telling Marlon) they visit a clinic and arrange for her to have an abortion. Soon afterward, Marlon and Lonette unexpectedly move upstate, without even saying goodbye to Alfie. Following repeated failures to achieve an erection with various women, he visits a doctor who tells him he is perfectly healthy, and that his impotence is due to stress. However, the doctor also locates a lump on Alfie's penis that may be cancerous. Alfie immediately has a test run at the clinic and spends a few anxious days awaiting the results. During one of his trips to the hospital, Alfie meets a widower named Joe (Dick Latessa) in the clinic bathroom. Joe imparts some life advice to the depressed Alfie: Find somebody to love, and live every day like it's your last. Soon afterward, Alfie finds out he doesn't have cancer. Believing he's been given a second chance, Alfie decides to aim higher in his love life. To that end, he picks up a beautiful but unstable young woman named Nikki (Sienna Miller), and they quickly embark on a passionate, turbulent relationship. They move in together, but Alfie finds it hard to put up with her mood swings, especially after she goes off her medication. He begins to distance himself from Nikki and sets his sights on an older woman, Liz (Susan Sarandon), a sultry cosmetics mogul, who had inspired him to aim higher in the first place. Alfie becomes infatuated with her, but she wants to keep their relationship strictly sexual. Alfie then ends his relationship with Nikki. Alfie runs into Julie in a coffee shop, and realizes that he has genuine feelings for her; to his dismay, however, she's now happy with another person. A trip upstate to visit Marlon and his now-wife, Lonette, who reveals that she never actually went through with the abortion. Alfie also learns that Marlon knows that Alfie is the child's father, but nonetheless decided to stay. Upon seeing Marlon with hurt in his eyes, Alfie leaves and calls Joe, who tells him that he needs to get his life together. Alfie turns to Liz for comfort but is crushed to discover that she has a new man in her life. Alfie demands to know what her new boyfriend has that he doesn't; Liz replies, he's younger than you. Alfie has a chance meeting with Dorie late one night. He tries to get back into her life, but she says that she wants no part of him. He apologises to her for not calling her and admits that he has trouble expressing his feelings, running from relationships when they become too serious. Dorie wishes Alfie good luck with his life. The film ends with Alfie talking to the audience about genuinely changing his ways.
Swing Vote	American	comedy	Joshua Michael Stern	In a presidential election set in an alternate 2008, Bud Johnson (Kevin Costner) is a man from Texico, New Mexico, who is coasting through life and has not had a single political thought in his head, while being coaxed by his eight-year-old daughter Molly (Madeline Carroll) to take more of a serious approach to life. Molly runs the household and sees an opportunity on election day to energize her father: frustrated with her father's apathy toward voting, she sneaks into her local polling place and tries to vote on behalf of Bud. However, due to the voting machines being unplugged, the ballot is registered, but no decision is indicated on which candidate gets the vote. The entire election now comes down to this one man's vote. Neither candidate has a majority in the electoral college without New Mexico's electoral votes. The popular vote is tied for the two major candidates in New Mexico, leaving Bud to decide the next President of the United States. Bud gets wooed by candidates from both sides: the incumbent Republican, Andrew Carington Boone (Kelsey Grammer), and his campaign manager, Martin Fox (Stanley Tucci); and the opposing Democrat, Vermont Senator Donald Greenleaf (Dennis Hopper) and his campaign manager Art Crumb (Nathan Lane). Bud's actual opinions (or lack thereof) are misinterpreted by the media, causing the candidates to flip-flop on several positions (the Democrats take a prolife and anti-illegal immigration stand, while the Republicans take a pro-environmental and pro-gay marriage stand). As the film progresses, however, the two candidates are shown to move away from the cynical tactics forced on them by their advisers, and both gain Bud's respect. In the end, he chooses to hold a final debate the day before he is set to recast his ballot. In a written speech, he confesses that he knows little to nothing about politics, or for that matter, life, and decides to ask questions people have sent to him in the mail. The film ends with Bud casting his vote, though for whom he voted is never revealed.
The Gay Dog	British	comedy	Maurice Elvey	A miner, Jim Gay, owns a greyhound, Raving Beauty, which has been very successful in races at the local stadium. But his bets on the dog are not winning him much money, so Gay hits upon a plan to lengthen its starting odds and clean up at the bookies. Putting the plan into practice is no easy task, especially as he is also intent on marrying off his daughter to his young friend and fellow miner.[3][4]
The Boy Who Stole a Million	British	comedy	Charles Crichton	When he learns that his father needs to find 10,000 pesetas to finance repairs to his taxi, or face losing his business and livelihood, naïve young Paco decides to borrow a million pesetas from the bank where he has a small part-time job after school. He soon gets more than he bargained for when he starts being pursued not only by the police but seemingly by all the criminal low-life of the city, all eager to get their hands on the cash. Paco finds himself on the run all through Valencia, from the most elegant quarters with their wide streets and squares in the midst of fiesta time, to the city's most squalid and dangerous slums.
Falling for You	British	comedy	Jack Hulbert, Robert Stevenson	Rival journalists Jack and Minnie (Hulbert and Courtneidge) compete for a scoop about a missing heiress (Tamara Desni). When they track her down to Switzerland, Jack falls for her and Minnie gets to write up the story.
Bickford Shmeckler's Cool Ideas	American	comedy	Scott Lew	The film starts out with the quote Nothing can ever be truly, fully understood. Not even the most simple idea. Not even this. Bickford Shmeckler (Patrick Fugit) is a lonely college student who keeps a journal known as The Book of his philosophical ideas and theories. One night during a loud toga party, his book is stolen by the inebriated and beautiful Sarah Witt (Olivia Wilde) who briefly meets Bickford and is shown to be a kleptomaniac. Sarah becomes enamored with the writings, and experiences what she calls braingasms. After showing The Book to her boyfriend Trent, she rants about how she would love to meet the author (and have sex with him). Later that night, Bickford discovers that the book is missing and begins to panic. By interrogating his roommates, Bickford quickly finds and meets Sarah while she is working at the school's art studio. She kisses him, and explains that his work inspired her to paint. They go to Trent's dorm and discover that he threw the book out over his jealously that Sarah was so taken with Bickford's work. Sarah then breaks up with him after Bickford fruitlessly searched through the trash can the book was left in and doesn't find it. A homeless man who found it, extorts Bickford to heal him before he will return The Book to Bickford. Meanwhile, the owners of a comic book store read the book and fall in love with it, reprinting it, distributing free copies of it, and going as far as selling related merchandise. Eventually, Sarah and Bickford meet, and she tries to explain how meaningful his writings are. They learn of the free distribution of his book, and Bickford confronts the comic store owners. Even once his journal is back in his possession, Schmeckler must struggle with the book's newfound popularity, his relationship with Sarah, and the reasons he began developing the book in the first place. After their relationship develops, Bickford reveals to Sarah that he and his mother were in a massive car accident several years earlier that resulted in her death. Though the event was not his fault, he feels responsible.
Canaries Sometimes Sing	British	comedy	Tom Walls	Over the course of their marriage, Geoffrey Lymes (Walls) has become increasingly exasperated by the shallowness and superficiality of his wife Anne (Nesbitt). He despairs of her ridiculous affectations, social-climbing aspirations and constant embarrassing attempts in company to show herself as an elegant, cultured sophisticate. He feels trapped in a relationship where, as he observes, a wife does nothing to entitle her husband to divorce her, but a thousand things that entitle him to murder her. Geoffrey's old college friend Ernest Melton (Stewart) and his French wife Elma (Arnaud) arrive at the Lymes' country home for a weekend visit. Ernest is an archetypal upper-class twit, wealthy but not overly bright, and completely cowed and dominated by the self-assured and outspoken Elma. He too finds married life less than satisfactory. Anne immediately goes into full desperate-to-impress mode and, to Geoffrey's amusement, Ernest seems completely charmed and captivated by her ludicrous airs and pretentions, while Anne is thrilled to have found an appreciative audience. Geoffrey meanwhile is strongly attracted to the feisty Elma, and his interest is apparently reciprocated. As the pair discuss their respective spouses with withering scorn, they realise that all four are married to the wrong person. They hatch a plan to throw Anne and Ernest together as much as possible in the hope that they will compromise themselves. Matters reach a head when it appears that Ernest and Anne are about to run away together. Geoffrey sees this as the perfect opportunity to achieve his aims without any blame attaching to himself or Elma. He confronts Ernest in feigned outrage, expressing his shock and disgust at his friend's conduct, while slyly stressing that if Ernest and Anne wish to be together, he can do nothing to prevent it and will give Anne a divorce. To Geoffrey's astonishment, the confused Ernest says that while he finds Anne pleasant and amusing, he does not love her and there has never been any question of the two eloping. The tables are turned, as Geoffrey is forced to admit to Ernest that he and Elma are in love.
Here Come the Huggetts	British	comedy	Ken Annakin	Factory worker Joe Huggett has a first-time telephone installed at home, for work purposes, but his daughters quickly find a lot more use for it. Diana, a flighty cousin of Ethel's (played by a 16-year-old Diana Dors), arrives for a not-very-welcome visit and causes problems at home and at Joe's workplace when Ethel persuades Joe to get her a job there. Eldest daughter Jane must choose between her fiancé who has been away in the forces and a new local admirer. Meanwhile, the family is planning to go to London to see the royal wedding, and Grandma Huggett joins them in camping out overnight near Buckingham Palace. Clark, who began her career as a child vocalist on BBC Radio, sings the song Walking Backwards.
Dobir Saheber Songsar	Bangladeshi	comedy	Jakir Hossain Raju	This film is about Mr. Dobir Ali Raz who has lost his second Daughter Mahiya Mahi in her childhood.Meanwhile, He appointed two servants Kuddus Bappy Chowdhury and Kutub Asif Imrose. Can he find his missing daughter ???
Old Mother Riley's Circus	British	comedy	Thomas Bentley	Old Mother Riley is the ringmaster after taking over a big top with flagging fortunes. Although the circus is plagued by the disappearance of its owner, and the bailiffs are at the door, the show somehow manages to go on. Money starts to pour in, financial disaster is avoided, and Mother Riley discovers her long-lost daughter is in fact the star of the show.[3]
The Ten	American	comedy	David Wain	Ten stories, each inspired by one of the Ten Commandments: A man (Adam Brody) becomes a celebrity after falling out of a plane and becoming permanently embedded in the ground, thanks to a superstar agent (Ron Silver). After a swift rise to stardom, he becomes prideful and arrogant, referring to himself as a god. His career falls apart and he loses everything. His fiancée (Winona Ryder) leaves him for a TV anchor man. A librarian (Gretchen Mol) has a sexual awakening in Mexico with a swarthy local (Justin Theroux) who turns out to be Jesus Christ. She eventually settles down and marries her coworker (A. D. Miles), but is secretly reminded of her fling with Jesus whenever her family prays before a meal. A doctor (Ken Marino) kills his patient by leaving a pair of scissors inside her abdomen during surgery. Despite expecting the charges to be dropped because he left the scissors in as a goof, the judge and jury sentence him to life in prison. The judge also disbars the plaintiff's lawyer, who is then told that he should consider a job as a tour guide at the local nuclear plant. A white mother (Kerri Kenney-Silver) enlists an Arnold Schwarzenegger impersonator (Oliver Platt) to be a father figure to her black children after telling them he is their biological father. It is revealed that their father is in reality Arsenio Hall, but they decide to keep the Arnold impersonator as part of the family; despite not being able to imitate Arsenio, he can do a pretty good Eddie Murphy impression. A police detective (Liev Schreiber) covets his neighbor's (Joe Lo Truglio) CAT Scan machine. After continuously buying additional CAT Scan machines to one up each other, both of their wives leave them. After hitting rock bottom, the two neighbors reconcile and go out for a drink. Meanwhile, a disaster at a nuclear power plant during a school tour (led by the former lawyer from the third story) leaves a busload of school children in need of several CAT Scan machines. They arrive at the neighbors' houses but the doors are locked and the two men are at the bar, so all the children die. A prisoner (Rob Corddry) desires a fellow inmate's bitch (the doctor from the third story) for his own. The woman (Winona Ryder) from the first story, having recently married the TV anchor man, falls in love with a ventriloquist (Michael Ziegfeld's) puppet, steals it and runs off to have a romantic relationship with it. The ventriloquist, having lost his dummy and become a homeless heroin addict, is told by another homeless man a story about an animated rhinoceros (voice of H. Jon Benjamin) who earns a reputation as a liar. After learning that a band of weiner dogs is intent on infecting others with a fatal STD, the rhinoceros tries to warn everyone. Unfortunately, nobody believes him, and they all succumb to the STD (following an orgy). It is then revealed that the rhinoceros now sells drugs to the homeless men. Jeff Reigert (Paul Rudd) presents all of these stories to the audience, while struggling with his own moral dilemma: having to choose between his beautiful wife (Famke Janssen) and his also beautiful but somewhat younger mistress (Jessica Alba). The husband from the second story (A.D. Miles) skips church with his family to get naked with his friends and listen to Roberta Flack.
Fist Fight	American	comedy	Richie Keen	It is the last day before summer vacation at Roosevelt High School in Atlanta, and the students are out of control, devising elaborate senior pranks and creating chaos. Andy Campbell, the school's mild-mannered and nerdy English teacher, and his fellow faculty members are trying to survive the chaotic day as best they can, but only the history teacher, Ron Strickland, is fierce enough to intimidate the students into behaving. Meanwhile, Campbell is awaiting news of the birth of his second child with his wife Maggie. While teaching, Campbell is pulled aside by his friend, the counselor Holly, to inform him of rumors of downsizing of all departments. Given his pregnant wife and child, this renders Campbell extremely anxious. After preventing Campbell from walking into a paint trap, Strickland asks for his assistance in using an outdated AV system which keeps turning off after a couple of seconds. Campbell catches a student, Neil, secretly using a remote control app on his smartphone to turn off the VCR. An infuriated Strickland grabs the phone and destroys it. Neil, using a classmate's phone, turns the TV off again and it enrages Strickland, who grabs a fire axe and destroys the student's desk, sending the class screaming from the room. Both Campbell and Strickland are brought to Principal Tyler's office to discuss the matter. Strickland warns Campbell to keep his behavior a secret, but after Tyler threatens to fire them both if no one steps forward, Campbell tells the truth, resulting in the loss of Strickland's job. In retaliation, Strickland challenges Campbell to a fist fight after school. Campbell is convinced that he physically does not stand a chance against Strickland, and tries to set matters straight by asking Neil to share a false testimony to Principal Tyler in order to clear Strickland's name and have him reinstated. Neil agrees on the condition that Campbell buy him a MacBook Pro. After doing so, Campbell runs into Maggie and his daughter, Ally, who remind him to arrive promptly that afternoon for Ally's father-daughter talent show. Neil's false account is enough to convince Principal Tyler to reinstate Strickland. Campbell and Strickland receive an emergency call from Molly. The two meet up with her in a mock United Nations debate room and discover she tricked them into coming there so they could talk through their issues, with Holly acting as mediator. When Campbell tells Strickland that he was able to get him his job back, Strickland is further enraged, stating that Campbell should have told him about this plan before acting, and citing the mishandling of the school system. The fight is still on. Campbell tries to call 9-1-1 for help, but after telling the operator that he's a teacher and that another teacher wants to fight him, she hung up after laughing at the situation. After seeking the advice of Holly and Coach Crawford, Campbell resolves to have Strickland removed from the campus before the day's end. As a last resort, Campbell threatens Neil into giving him the drug MDMA. As Principal Tyler finds his Toyota Prius vandalized and parked in the school's lobby, Campbell plants the Molly in Strickland's satchel. Campbell calls the police in the hopes of having Strickland arrested, but the attempt is botched and both teachers are incarcerated. The two teachers share a cell with other inmates, and Campbell goes across the cell and tricks an enormous inmate into giving Strickland a beating, but only when signaled. Campbell then returns to Strickland in order to trick him into giving the signal, but Strickland instead tells Campbell that the fight is called off after everything that they have been through the day. When the inmate nonetheless attacks Strickland, Strickland easily knocks him out, and upon realizing Campbell's actions, declares the fight back on. The two are then released, after the police discover the drug used to frame Strickland was only aspirin. Campbell heads back to the school to meet up with the school board, Tyler and Superintendent Johnson, but learns that his colleagues have all been fired. Impatient after being told to wait for nearly an hour, Campbell barges into the meeting and learns that he is one of the few to remain at his position. However, Campbell stands his ground and voices his complaints about the public school system not receiving the respect and materials it truly needs. Campbell heads over to Ally's talent show, where Ally's rendition of Big Sean's I Don't Fuck with You inspires him to take a stand against Strickland. In the school parking lot, Campbell and Strickland confront each other, and engage in a heated fight that is dragged throughout the school and sees both men seemingly gaining the upper hand at different moments, and the fight goes throughout the entire school. Campbell briefly knocks Strickland out with a fire extinguisher and celebrates only to be sucker-punched by Strickland after he gets up. Strickland then answers Campbell's phone and learns that Maggie is about to give birth, at which point he decides to drive Campbell to the hospital. That summer, Tyler arrives at the Campbell household to tell Campbell that the publicity and public outcry the fight generated has put the Department of Education in a position where they need to put more effort and money toward their schools, and must rehire Campbell and Strickland. Campbell accepts on the condition that the rest of his colleagues be reinstated as well. As the new school year begins, the faculty return to their respective positions. Campbell and Strickland, now best friends, are ready to enforce learning with Campbell being much more assertive towards the students. In a post-credits scene, Crawford is seen flirting with the 911 operator, whom Campbell had called earlier in a failed attempt to stop Strickland, in person. After rapping for her, Crawford realizes that he doesn't know her name.
In Again, Out Again	American	comedy	John Emerson	A young man drowns his sorrows in strong drink when jilted by his girl. His drunkenness gets him thrown in jail, where he falls in love with the jailer's daughter. When released, the young man tries everything to get back into the jail - though when he is mistaken for an anarchist bomber, he finds himself facing not just jail, but execution.
A Few Best Men	Australian	comedy	Stephan Elliott	When David Locking (Samuel) proposes to his girlfriend Mia Ramme (Brent) a week after they meet in Tuvalu, he rounds up his three best friends (Marshall, Bishop, and Draxl) to attend his wedding in Australia as best men. Havoc ensues as the trio accidentally steal drugs, are chased by a mobster (Le Marquand), and get the father-in-law's (Biggins) sheep stoned.
Growing Up Smith	American	comedy	Frank Lotito	Growing Up Smith is a coming-of-age story of Smith, a 10-year-old boy from India growing up in small-town America in 1979. As the boy's family tries to straddle the fine line between embracing the American Dream and preserving their Indian heritage, the awkward little hero sneaks out for a taste of Kentucky Fried Chicken (even though his family is vegetarian), dons a Saturday Night Fever costume, and contends with his parents as they send him to school with a yellow squash instead of a pumpkin to carve for Halloween. And as Smith falls head-over-heels in love with Amy, the girl-next-door, he finds in Amy's father Butch the all-American cowboy he wishes his own father could be. But alas, when Smith goes on a hunting adventure with Butch, Smith's father Bhaaskar fears Smith will lose any hope of remaining a respectable Indian boy and banishes him back to India. Nineteen years later Smith will return to America, back to a place he once called home. Movie ends with Smith heading to Amy's place to meet her after his return.
Oram Po	Tamil	comedy	Pushkar-Gayathri	Chandru (Arya) and Bigilu (Lal) are close friends. Chandru is an expert auto driver & racer while Bigilu is a mechanic expert at customizing autos to run at the dream speed of 130 km/h. Son of Gun (John Vijay) is the chief of a rival group who wants to outsmart the duo. Chandru, the race champ tries to settle the dues for his auto through a race, which is almost a cakewalk for him. He and Bigilu challenge Son of Gun to a race, and a date is fixed. Bigilu, meanwhile, introduces Chandru to his sister who runs a Biriyani shop. Chandru is attracted to her daughter Rani (Pooja), and woos her. The affair grows stronger and the two end up having sex. The carefree auto driver, however, is not interested in long-term commitment and tells Rani so. Shocked, Rani curses him and moves away. On the D-day, Chandru is distracted by the memories of his love affair and loses the race. He loses his auto, and later, Bigilu comes to know about the affair. The sub-plot of a smuggler's search for missing pearls adds flavour to the proceedings. The unpredictable and fun filled climax puts everything in order.
The Big Steal	Australian	comedy	Nadia Tass	In his first leading role Ben Mendelsohn plays Danny Clark, a bumbling eighteen-year-old guy. He knows what it takes to be cool and have some style, it is just that he seems to struggle to get there. Danny has enthusiasm and passion and only wants two things more than anything in the world. A Jaguar XJ6 and a date with the gorgeous Joanna Johnson (an early role for then 17-year-old Claudia Karvan). Get these and his life will be complete. Unfortunately for Danny, when he finally gets the courage up to ask Joanna out, he somehow manages to promise her a ride in his new Jaguar. She is not particularly impressed by cars, but still agrees to his invitation. The problem is, Danny does not own a Jaguar. His form of transport is his recently received birthday present - and it most certainly is not a Jaguar. His eccentric parents have decided to pass on their pride and joy to Danny for his use. Their 1963 Nissan Cedric has been in the family for years and is immaculate but extremely uncool. Danny is aghast at the thought of driving around in a car as dorky as a Cedric and, with the promise of a date with Joanna and the need for a Jaguar in a hurry, decides to trade in the old Nissan. He heads out to search the car yards to find his dream machine. In a role of pure sleaze, Steve Bisley plays Gordon Farkas, the villainous used car salesman. Spotting Danny admiring a used 1973 XJ6 in the lot, Farkas pounces and uses all his charm, cunning and every used-car salesman trick in the book to convince Danny that this is the car for him. With the deal done and the Cedric gone, Danny heads home with his new pride and joy. But this is where things start to unravel. His father is not impressed about losing the Cedric, and while out on his long-awaited date with Joanna, the Jag's engine blows up. Danny is shattered, particularly when he upsets Joanna and she leaves him stranded alone in the empty streets with a broken-down car. Closer inspection reveals the engines had been swapped after Danny had signed the contract, with a dud motor put in his car. Realising he has been done-over by the crooked Farkas, Danny and his mates hatch a plan to get revenge over the shonky car salesman and hopefully win back the hand of the lovely Joanna.
Man of the Year	American	comedy	Barry Levinson	Tom Dobbs is host of a satirical news program, where he taps into people's frustrations with the sharply divided, special interest-driven political climate. When an audience member suggests that he run for president, Dobbs laughs it off, but following an online groundswell of support, he announces on air that he will stand as a candidate. He gets on the ballot in 13 states and participates in one of the national debates with the Democratic incumbent, President Kellogg, and Republican candidate, Senator Mills. Eleanor Green works at a the Delacroy voting machine company. Delacroy has been selected to provide machines for the Presidential election, driving its stock price higher. Shortly before the elections, Eleanor notices that the voting system does not work correctly and alerts the head of the company, James Hemmings, via an e-mail that he deletes. Dobbs approaches the campaign seriously, to the chagrin of his manager, Jack Menken, and his show's producer, Eddie Langston. The night of the presidential debates, fed up with the other candidates' posturing, Dobbs finally shifts back into comedian mode, keeping the audience laughing while also making serious points. He continues his showman persona on the campaign trail, thoroughly shaking up the political landscape. While he surges in the polls, he only reaches 17% compared to the 40% each for Kellogg and Mills. On Election Day, early returns show Kellogg beating Mills everywhere, exactly as Eleanor predicted the voting system would report. When results from the 13 states with Dobbs on the ballot start being reported, he sweeps them all, taking enough electoral votes to be elected President. When Eleanor confronts Hemmings that the results confirm the Delacroy computer error, senior executive Stewart turns her aside. While Dobbs and his team move from shock to celebration, Eleanor is attacked in her home and given an injection. The next day she displays dramatically erratic behavior and is sent to the hospital, where tests reveal high levels of multiple illegal drugs. Her work mate, Danny, visits her in hospital and reveals he has been promoted, which she thinks is an effort to buy him off. He tries to convince her that she has a drug habit and that no one will believe her if she goes public, but she decides that Dobbs will believe her. Eleanor travels to Washington and impersonates an FBI agent in order to talk with Dobbs. She explains that she was recently fired by Delecroy, but Dobbs is pulled away before she can explain about the election results. Dobbs tries to contact Eleanor by calling Delacroy's headquarters, with Hemmings telling him that she was fired due to a drug problem. Eleanor figures out the flaw in Delacroy's system – no matter the actual results, the system declares the winner as the name with double letters, in alphabetical order, so that Dobbs beats Kellogg, which beats Mills. Eleanor calls Dobbs and he whisks her off to a Thanksgiving celebration with his friends. He is smitten by her, and tells her he already knows about her drug problem. She denies any drug problem, and finally tells him that the election result was wrong, then leaves. Dobbs wrestles with the issue, then calls and tells Eleanor that he will break the news the next day. She calls and tells Danny, who provides the information to Stewart, who preempts Dobbs' public announcement by announcing that Eleanor was caught attempting to throw the election for Dobbs, but that her efforts had no impact on the polls. Dobbs' team turns against Eleanor, but Dobbs doesn't. Eleanor sees the news and becomes increasingly concerned, a feeling that is soon justified when she sees Delacroy agents break into her motel room and take her computer. Eleanor flees to the protection of a crowded mall, but is followed and apprehended by a Delacroy agent. She escapes and calls Dobbs from a pay phone, but another Delacroy agent drives his truck into the phone booth. Dobbs goes to the scene and talks with the injured Eleanor in her ambulance, where she convinces him with the logic about the double letters. His friends tell him to just be president, since polls now show that 60% of the nation has decided that they want him. That night, invited onto the Weekend Update segment of Saturday Night Live, he announces to the public that the Delacroy vote system was flawed, that Eleanor told her bosses before the election but they covered it up and silenced her, and that he will not run in the new election that must now take place. President Kellogg wins a second term. Dobbs returns to hosting his satirical news program, with Eleanor as his producer and later as his wife. The Delacroy executives are arrested. TIME magazine chooses Dobbs as Person of the Year.
Phat Girlz	American	comedy	Nnegest Likké	Jazmin Biltmore is a smart-mouthed, frustrated, plus-sized, aspiring fashion designer and department store employee who is obsessed with her weight. Jazmin has always been overweight, unlike her skinny, cousin Mia. Jazmin wins a trip to Palm Springs for the weekend at a five-star resort. She and best friend Stacey find the first day at the spa embarrassing, as hotel robes don't fit, and the massage table is quite small for their thick figures. They leave in frustration to join Mia, who has been ogling a Nigerian man swimming in the pool. He introduces himself as Tunde, but Jazmin is shocked, too distracted to remember her own name. He and his friends find Jazmin and Stacey beautiful. However, they think Mia is so skinny that they wonder if she is sick. They invite the women out, with Tunde saying he has never seen such beautiful women in America. Tunde and Jazmin begin dating but before they consummate their relationship she grows jealous and makes a scene when she sees him having dinner with a white woman instead of having dinner with a colleague like he told her. Tunde reveals the woman was his colleague, but Jazmin, realizing she will forever be jealous and think Tunde will leave her, breaks up with him and leaves Palm Springs, along with Stacey and Mia. At home, she is depressed and comforts herself with food before having a breakthrough and realizing she is beautiful and worthy of being loved. Bursting with new confidence, Jazmin approaches the head buyer of the Bloomfields where she works and shows him her designs. Impressed he helps develop Jazmin's fashion line Thick Madame becomes popular and is launched worldwide. One year later, she travels to Nigeria to apologize to the man she realizes she loves. A woman opens the door holding a baby. Jazmin asks if she is Tunde's wife, and the woman agrees. Jazmin has the girls go to the taxi because she does not like to be rejected with an audience. She tells Tunde that he has changed her life, but she won't be a homewrecker. Tunde clarifies that the woman is a maid, he delivered the baby, and the maid doesn't understand English. He says his prayers have been answered, as he has loved Jazmin all along. They share a passionate kiss, and he promises to handle only her. Mia and Stacey also reunite with their partners, and they join Tunde's family for dinner. Mia piles food on her plate, stating that she wants to bulk up so she can find a rich Nigerian doctor as well. The film ends with Jazmin and Tunde in bed, while Jazmin insists on having the lights on to see every sexy thing on Tunde's body, with the credits ending.
Doctor at Sea	British	comedy	Ralph Thomas	With a view to escaping his employers' daughter, who has amorous designs on him, Dr Simon Sparrow (Bogarde) signs on as medical officer on a cargo ship, SS Lotus. The ship is commanded by hot-tempered and authoritarian Captain Wentworth Hogg. Sparrow overcomes initial seasickness and settles into life on board. After arriving in a South American port (unspecified, but possibly in Ecuador), Sparrow meets Hélène Colbert (Bardot), a sexy young French nightclub singer. The misogynist Captain Hogg is forced to take on two female passengers, Muriel Mallet (De Banzie), the daughter of the chairman of the shipping company, and her friend, Hélène, for the return trip. Romance blossoms between Simon and Hélène, and when they reach home, Helene receives a telegram offering her a job in Rio de Janeiro. She and Sparrow return together. Throughout the trip, Hogg has been romanced by Muriel and eventually becomes engaged to her - with almost certain promotion to Commodore.
Raising Helen	American	comedy	Garry Marshall	Helen Harris (Kate Hudson) and Lindsay (Felicity Huffman) were raised by their oldest sister, Jenny (Joan Cusack), after their mother died when Helen was seven. Now Helen is very successful in the fashion industry, working as the executive assistant to the CEO of one of Manhattan's most prestigious modeling agencies, and has a nice Manhattan lifestyle which keeps her extremely occupied and content. But Helen's world suddenly changes when Lindsay and brother-in-law Paul (Sean O'Bryan) die in a car accident, leaving behind three children, turning everyone's life upside down. Helen and Jenny are in shock when they hear Lindsay and Paul left Helen in charge of their three kids: 15-year-old Audrey (Hayden Panettiere), 10-year-old Henry (Spencer Breslin), and five-year-old Sarah (Abigail Breslin). Nobody expected Helen to be named guardian of the children especially since Jenny was already a super mom with two children and a third on the way. But a letter left to Helen by Lindsay convinces her that she can take care of the children. And Helen decides to do it on her own terms, which means raising the children and maintaining her already fast-paced schedule. But as work and children begin to interfere, Helen quickly finds herself burnt out and disheartened by her responsibilities and Jenny's lack of faith in her parenting. Despite her already hectic schedule, Helen finds the time to develop a genuine affection for her new dependents, as well as an equally genuine attraction to Dan Parker (John Corbett), the kids' school principal and local Lutheran pastor. Busy trying to appease the children and adjust to suddenly being a mom, Helen's concentration on her job begins to slip and she is fired from Dominique (Helen Mirren). Stuck between a rock and a hard place, she is forced to become a receptionist at a car dealership. Things begin to look better for her as she bonds with the children and their sexy principal, and finally begins to get the hang of being a mom. But Audrey, struggling to come to terms with her parents' death, begins to fall in with the wrong crowd and date the wrong kind of guy. When she disappears from the school prom with her new boyfriend BZ to go find a motel, Helen is forced to call in Jenny as back-up to search all over New York to find Audrey. Unable to confront Audrey and risk the girl's hatred, once they track her down, Helen turns the parenting reins over to Jenny. This makes Helen realize that she isn't cut out to be a parent and so she turns the children over into Jenny's custody. Helen returns to her wild lifestyle full of partying and booze, yet feels much less fulfilled than she had been before she became responsible for the children. She begins to find herself dissatisfied and depressed and so returns to Jenny's house to beg her to let her take the children back home. She eventually convinces Jenny that she's finally ready to be a parent when she puts her foot down and shows Audrey who's boss. Jenny, who was listening to Helen talking to the children, still refuses to give the kids back to her. Helen leaves, and sits alone on a bench near a swing set. There, she is visited once again by Jenny, who gives her the letter that Lindsay had written for Jenny. Helen reads the letter, which explains that Lindsay decided to choose Helen because it's about choosing someone who is more like herself, someone who can really give the children the mother they really want. While watching out her window, Helen turns around with joy when the kids arrive, now hers. The film ends with Helen, Dan and the kids walking along a pier, and Sarah sits on a bench and ties her shoes all by herself.
 Wog Boy, TheThe Wog Boy	Australian	comedy	Aleksi Vellis	Steve (Nick Giannopoulos) is a second-generation Greek Australian. Steve is unemployed, but manages to get by, helping out here and there. His pride and joy is his VF Valiant Pacer. Whilst helping out a compensation-oriented neighbour, Steve has a minor car accident involving the Minister for Employment, vampily played by Geraldine Turner. The net result of this encounter is twofold; Steve gets to meet Celia (Lucy Bell) whom he is instantly attracted to but who initially hates him, and Steve gets outed on national television by Derryn Hinch as the worst dole-bludger in Australia. Steve manages to turn this around to his advantage, and becomes famous as The Wog Boy, spearheading a campaign to improve the employment status of the country. In the interim, he makes variable progress with Celia.
Just William	British	comedy	Graham Cutts	A rascal child recruits his friends as assistants to help his father to get elected to the city council. Sadly, the children accidentally helped two jewel thieves to escape. They feel sorry about this, and then, to redeem themselves, the kids begin investigating a rival candidates conspiracy. Their involvement causes the boy's father to win the elections.
All Aboard	American	comedy	Alfred J. Goulding	A father takes his daughter on a trip to Bermuda in an attempt to separate her from a suitor. Little does anyone know that the suitor has stowed away on board. When he is discovered, he is credited with catching a crook. The hapless hero receives a reward, and also the girl.
Further Up the Creek	British	comedy	Val Guest	Navy frigate the Aristotle is sold to a Middle Eastern power, and against regulations the ship's bosun tries to make a profit by selling tickets to passengers seeking a luxury cruise. When the Captain discovers what is going on, he attempts to straighten things out.[3]
The Men Who Stare at Goats	American	comedy	Grant Heslov	In a short prelude, U.S. Army General Hopgood is painfully thwarted in an attempt to pass paranormally through a solid wall by simply running into it. The film then follows Ann Arbor Daily Telegram reporter Bob Wilton, whose wife leaves him for the newspaper's editor. Seeking an escape, Bob flies to Kuwait to report on the Iraq War and to prove to his wife and himself that he is a man. However, he stumbles onto the story of a lifetime when he meets a retired U.S. Army Special Forces operator, Lyn Cassady, who reveals that he was part of a U.S. Army unit training psychic spies (or Jedi Warriors) to develop a range of parapsychological skills including invisibility, remote viewing, and phasing. The back story is told mainly through flashbacks. In 1972, Army officer Bill Django, after accidentally falling out of a Huey helicopter in Vietnam's Bình Dương Province, found his newly recruited men to be unable or unwilling to fire on a female Viet Cong soldier before she shot him in the chest. He then underwent a fact-finding mission prompted by a vision where the Viet Cong soldier says, their gentleness is their strength. The bulk of Django's mission immersed him fully into the New Age movement so that, when he returned to Fort Bragg, North Carolina, in 1980, he had long braided hair and a tattoo of a third eye surmounted on a pyramid on his chest. Facilitated by the credulous General Hopgood, Django led the training of a New Earth Army, with Lyn Cassady and Larry Hooper as his top students. The two quickly developed a lifelong rivalry because of their opposing views on implementing the New Earth Army's philosophy. Lyn wanted to emphasize the teachings' positive side, such as the ability to resolve conflict peacefully, whereas Larry was more interested in the dark side and its military applications. Prompted by a doodle in Bob's notebook (of an eye on a pyramid), Lyn takes him into Iraq. They are kidnapped by criminals who want to sell them to insurgents but escape with fellow hostage Mahmud Daash. They are rescued by a private security detail led by Todd Nixon. The trio flees when the detail is caught in a firefight fiasco with another American security detail. Bob and Lyn then continue on Lyn's alleged mission, stating he had seen a vision of Bill Django. After taking the wrong fork in the road their car is disabled by an IED. The other fork in the road actually leads to al-Qaim, Lyn's destination, but neither of them was able to read the Arabic on the roadsigns. Bob and Lyn wander in the desert where Lyn reveals that he had stopped a goat's heart to test the limit of his mental abilities and believes this evil deed has cursed him and the rest of the New Earth Army. It's also revealed that Hooper conducted an unauthorized LSD experiment which resulted in a soldier killing himself, and therefore forced Django out of the Army. Eventually, Bob and Lyn are rescued and rehabilitated at a camp run by PSIC, a private research firm engaged in psychic and psychological experiments on a herd of goats and some captured locals. To Lyn's dismay, Larry runs the firm and employs Django, now a depressed alcoholic. Bob spends time with Django and learns the ways of the New Earth Army. They spike the base's food and water with LSD and free both the goats and captured locals, in an attempt to remove the curse. Following this, Lyn and Django fly off in a helicopter, never to be heard from again, disappearing into the sky like all shamans. Bob returns to work as a reporter and writes an article about his entire experience with Lyn. However, he's frustrated in that the story's only portion to be aired on the news is how the captives were forced to listen to the Barney & Friends theme song for 24 hours. This dilutes his story to the level of a joke, and Bob vows to continue trying to get the bigger story out. In the film's final scene, Bob exercises his own psychic abilities and, following some intense concentration, stands up and runs headlong through a solid wall in his office.
Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2	American	comedy	Andy Fickman	Paul Blart (Kevin James) narrates his several misfortunes and his hard recovery. His wife Amy (Jayma Mays) divorced him six days into their marriage and to feel better, Paul takes pride in patrolling the West Orange Pavilion Mall. Two years later, his mother Margaret (Shirley Knight) was killed after being hit by a milk truck. Four years after that, as Paul narrates he had officially peaked, he receives an invitation to a security officers' convention in Las Vegas and begins to believe his luck is about to change. His daughter Maya Blart (Raini Rodriguez) discovers that she was accepted into UCLA and plans to move across the country to Los Angeles, but in light of her father's invitation, she decides to withhold the information for now. After arriving in Las Vegas, Paul and his daughter meet the general manager of Wynn Hotel, a pretty young woman named Divina Martinez (Daniella Alonso), to whom Paul is instantly attracted. He later learns that she's dating the hotel's head of security, Eduardo Furtillo (Eduardo Verástegui). Meanwhile, Maya and the hotel's valet, Lane (David Henrie) become instantly attracted to each other. A security guard from the Mall of America attending the convention, Donna Ericone (Loni Love), is aware of Paul's earlier heroics in the West Orange Pavilion Mall incident and believes Paul will be the likely keynote speaker at the event. However, Paul discovers that another security guard, Nick Panero (Nicholas Turturro), is giving the speech. In the midst of the convention, a criminal named Vincent Sofel (Neal McDonough) and a gang of accomplices disguised as hotel employees are secretly plotting to steal priceless works of art from the hotel and replace them with replicas, then sell the real ones at auction. In the meantime, Paul has become overprotective of Maya after discovering her flirting with Lane and spies on their conversations. He is later mocked by Eduardo for his lack of professionalism in an event where hotel security was notified when Maya turns up missing. In an ensuing argument with her father, Maya boldly claims she's attending UCLA despite Paul's wishes that she remain close to home at a junior college. At the convention, Paul, Donna, and three other security guards, Saul Gundermutt (Gary Valentine), Khan Mubi (Shelly Desai), and Gino Chizzeti (Vic Dibitetto) check out the non-lethal security equipment on display. Later, Paul finds Panero drunk hitting on a woman at the bar. Paul attempts to defuse the situation and Panero passes out, giving Paul a chance to be the event's speaker. He contacts Maya asking her to attend, but he learns that she's at a party with Lane. As Paul prepares his speech, Vincent and his cohorts put their plan into motion. Maya absentmindedly walks into the midst of the heist and is taken hostage. Lane is kidnapped as well while searching for her. After a brief fight with an ill-tempered bird in the hotel garden, Paul gives a rousing speech that moves everyone at the convention, as well as Divina, who inexplicably finds herself becoming more attracted to Paul with each passing moment. Following the speech, Paul learns about Maya and Lane's situation and rushes to help but passes out due to his hypoglycemic condition that has plagued him for years. After recovering, Paul is able to take down several of Vincent's thugs and gathers intel on the group's intentions. Using non-lethal equipment from the convention, he is able to take out more of Vincent's crew. Meanwhile, Maya and Lane overhear Vincent adamantly refusing an oatmeal cookie due to a severe oatmeal allergy. Working with a team – Donna, Saul, Khan, and Gino – Paul is able to clumsily dismantle Vincent's operation, with Maya severely incapacitating Vincent by rubbing oatmeal-infused concealer on his face. Afterward, Paul convinces Divina that her attraction for him is misplaced, and Eduardo is with whom she should really be. Paul also accepts Maya going to UCLA, funding her tuition with the reward money he obtained from Steve Wynn for stopping Vincent. After dropping off Maya at UCLA, Paul falls in love with a passing Mounted Police Officer who reciprocates his advances.
Think Like a Man Too	American	comedy	Tim Story	Cedric (Kevin Hart) begins by saying how Las Vegas has always been a place for casinos and showgirls, and is the perfect place for couples to get married. Cedric and his friends are all in Las Vegas for the wedding of Michael (Terrence J) and Candace (Regina Hall), with her son Duke (Caleel Harris) and mother (Angela Gibbs) joining them. Zeke (Romany Malco) and Mya (Meagan Good) arrive, with Zeke's womanizing past constantly being brought up by old friends and former flames, including the concierge at the hotel, who throws her drink in his face. Bennett (Gary Owen) and his wife Tish (Wendi McLendon-Covey) are trying to get a spark back in their marriage. Jeremy (Jerry Ferrara) and Kristen (Gabrielle Union) have married and are now trying for a baby. Dominic (Michael Ealy) and Lauren (Taraji P. Henson) are reunited after spending time away from each other, and they make out in the limousine. Finally, Cedric pulls up to the hotel in a gaudy sports car, happily getting away from his wife Gail (Wendy Williams). The men and women separate to enjoy their day. Cedric books himself a lavish suite and intends to go all out for a wild weekend. Michael's overbearing mother Loretta (Jenifer Lewis) doesn't approve of his engagement with Candace, still thinking no woman is good enough for her son. Loretta even takes over the bachelorette party duties, even though Lauren is the maid of honor. The women start to have a party for Candace, complete with their own blow-up doll (named Idris), until Loretta makes up her own party, which is boring. This, along with Candace's desire to have the perfect wedding, heaps on the stress. Among other problems plaguing the couples include Lauren being called by her boss Lee (Kelsey Grammer), who tells her she is being considered for a C.O.O. position in New York, meaning she will be separated from Dominic. Kristen tries to get Jeremy to have sex with her and by roleplaying Game of Thrones characters, but Jeremy has reservations about becoming a father. He's also not thrilled about having to give up smoking weed, and he instead brought weed breath strips. Mya is ready to marry Zeke, but Zeke shows hesitation. While the ladies have to deal with Loretta, Lauren and Candace conspire to set her up with Candace's Uncle Eddie. Loretta takes the ladies out to dinner, and after plans to take Candace to see Dionne Warwick. Uncle Eddie (Dennis Haysbert) shows up and begins flirting with Loretta. The ladies leave them to go see Dionne Warwick together, so they can leave to have fun. Elsewhere, the guys are hitting the casinos, with Cedric trying to score as much as he can. They run into Michael's old frat brothers Isaac (Adam Brody) and Terrell (David Walton), who just want to party. Dominic is then pulled aside by a chef who offers him a position there in Vegas, which could possibly jumpstart his career. The ladies gives Tish a makeover and Mya giving her a black suit (complete with a montage) to undo her frumpy housewife look to a more alluring style. They then take the guys' party bus to the club, forcing the guys to either take a Chippendale-type bus, or walk. They choose the latter. On the bus, the ladies find Jeremy's weed strips and take them, while Lauren gets a call from her boss who officially makes her COO. Cedric finds himself in trouble when Gail finds out that he's been using her card to pay for his expenses, running her up to $40,000 in charges. He tries to win it back at the casino, putting it all on his lucky number 15. While his back turned, Zeke pulls the chips away to leave only one to spare Cedric the loss. However, the ball does land on 15, and Cedric is angry at Zeke. Meanwhile, the ladies start to feel the effects of dance clubs, and they end up making an impromptu video to Bell Biv DeVoe's Poison. As a last resort, Cedric takes the guys to the club (the same one the ladies are at) for amateur's night, dressing in various costumes to try and win some money. This, however, turns into a disaster when Michael sees Candace getting a lap dance; he charges to attack the dancer, leading to an all-out fight between the guys, the ladies, and the dancers. They are all put in jail for the night. Realizing that the wedding is in a few hours, they all try to call someone for help, but with no luck: Loretta is busy spending the night with Eddie in her room; Gail is already shacking up with Drake (who appears as himself); Bennett's mother has gone to pick up his kid. Jeremy sees the way he talks to his child, and is influenced to become a father. The guys blame Cedric for getting them into this mess. Loretta sees the messages on her phone and rushes to bail them out. Everybody rushes to the venue for the wedding, but they are too late, and their spot has been taken; Candace runs away crying, and Michael leaves without a word. The couples decide to resolve their problems, except for Bennett and Tish. Jeremy decides that he's finally committed to being a father, and Kristen reveals she might be pregnant (though she claims to be a week late), bringing the two closer. Dominic and Lauren admit that they were considered for good jobs, but they each turned them down so they could be together. Zeke explains and apologizes to Mya for everything that's been going on, and finally proposes to her; Mya accepts. Loretta is unable to find Michael and looks for him in Candace's room. She tells Candace maybe it was for the best and that if she really loves her son, she would finish packing and leave him, making Candace more overwhelmed and fed up. Michael walks in on this and has become fed up with his mother and decides to show tough love and tells his mother that she must apologize to Candace, but she refuses. Michael declares that he will marry Candace whether she likes it or not, and that she will no longer be invited to the wedding. Candace disagrees with Michael, saying that he needs to apologize to Loretta, because as a mother herself, she would be heartbroken if her own son did not let her go to his wedding. Loretta, recognizing her mistakes, makes the first move and finally apologizes; the three reconcile. Cedric, feeling like a failure as a best man, packs his bags to leave Vegas; however, with the help of his personal butler, Declan (Jim Piddock), he finds another venue. Candace and Michael are married, and everybody, including Loretta, cheers and celebrates. In the end, Cedric becomes fed up with Vegas, and as the group leaves the hotel, he lets Bennett have his last dollar. Bennett then wins $100,000 on a slot machine. Cedric tries to claim the prize as it was his dollar, though everybody else tries to hold him back from fighting Bennett.
Much Too Shy	British	comedy	Marcel Varnel	A simple handyman, who also is an amateur artist, gets into trouble when the head and shoulders portraits of some prominent local females are sold without his knowledge to an advertising agency and are published with nude bodies added to them.
The Lightkeepers	American	comedy	Daniel Adams	The film is set on Cape Cod, Massachusetts, in 1912 and follows the story of two lighthouse attendants who swear to abstain from women, until two women arrive for their summer vacation.[1] It is based upon The Woman Haters: A Yarn of Eastboro Twin-Lights (1911) by Joseph C. Lincoln.[2]
Haunted Spooks	American	comedy	Alfred J. Goulding, Hal Roach	The action in Haunted Spooks centres around Harold's romantic problems. It is set in the South ([go] down the Mississippi and turn to the right). The opening sequence has an uncle reading a telegram regarding a will. It tells him that his niece Mildred will inherit the house and plantation provided she lives there for a year with her husband. He tells his wife that they must scare them out of the house. A lawyer visits the niece to tell her of the will. She tells him she isn't married and he says he can resolve the problem. We then jump to Harold who is disappointed in love and vying for the attention of the Other Girl in rivalry with her other potential suitor. They compete to be first to ask her father for her hand in marriage. Harold wins but when he returns to the girl she is in the arms of yet a third man, so he gives up. He then tries, with notable lack of success, to commit suicide. Firstly using a gun he finds on a path, which turns out to be a water-pistol; then standing in front of a tram, which takes a sudden turn; then he ties a rock around his neck and jumps off a low bridge into a lake, but this fails as it is only inches deep; he then picks a second bridge, but lands in a boat; and finally stands in front of a car, which stops in time, but contains the lawyer from the earlier scene. He takes Harold to Mildred and arranges their marriage. They then drive off to the mansion, with some jokes en route: the gesticulating passengers in the car in front appear to be signalling right then left, preventing overtaking; the birds in the back seat pecking his head. They reach the mansion and the uncle plays a series of tricks to make the house appear haunted. A series of people appear in white sheets and covered in flour until the prank is uncovered. In a more unusual prank a pair of trousers walk on their own, having a little black boy inside. We see Harold's hair stand on end then fall. The film ends with the couple asking one another what their name is and entering the bedroom together.
Saade Maade Teen	Marathi	comedy	Ankush Choudhary, Sachit Patil	The story is of 3 brothers- the family head ‘Dada’ Ashok Saraf and his 2 brothers Madan Makarand Anaspure and Chandan Bharat Jadhav, running their Kurale garage. The younger duo never dares to go against dada’s wish. Dada is a character who hates female because of his first love. A girl Sukanya Kulkarni betrayed him after a marriage proposal.
Maanasaandarapetta Yezdi	Malayalam	comedy	Arun Omana Sadanandan	Pappi (Jayan Cherthala) is a well known mechanic. Pappi's elder brother Chethanappi (P. Balachandran) runs another workshop. Brothers always quarrel with each other. Fed up with their fights, villagers decided that they settle their quarrels with bike race. Their favorite Yezdi bike which was used for the races come to the possession of Philipose (Indrans). The comic turn of events that take place after this is the theme of the movie.
High School	American	comedy	John Stalberg, Jr.	High school valedictorian-to-be Henry Burke (Matt Bush) takes his first hit of pot with his ex-best friend Travis (Sean Marquette), only to learn that, due to a spelling bee champion's recent use of marijuana, their high school is conducting a drug test where anyone caught under the influence of anything will be expelled. Travis knows of a psychotic drug dealer, known as Psycho Ed (Adrien Brody), who carries an exclusive kind of pot called kief, and the two boys steal the stash and intend on getting the whole school high, to invalidate the drug test and save Henry's future. But Psycho Ed is right on their trail and so is Dr. Gordon, the school dean.
Bad Teacher	American	comedy	Jake Kasdan	Elizabeth Halsey is an immoral English teacher at John Adams Middle School (JAMS) in Cook County, Illinois. She is foul-mouthed and greedy, drinks alcohol heavily, smokes marijuana, and shows movies while sleeping through class. She plans to quit teaching and marry her wealthy fiancé Mark, but must resume her job when he dumps her after learning she is only after his money. Elizabeth tries to win over substitute teacher Scott Delacorte, who is also wealthy because his family runs a watch company. Amy Squirrel, a dedicated and enthusiastic colleague, also pursues Scott while the school's gym teacher, Russell Gettis, makes it clear that he is interested in Elizabeth romantically, and she is not interested in him because he is a gym teacher.[3] Early in the film, Elizabeth plans to get surgery to enlarge her breasts, and becomes all the more motivated to do so once she learns Scott's ex-girlfriend had large breasts. However, when she tries to schedule an appointment for her breast surgery, she cannot afford the $9,300 procedure. She feels worse when Scott admits that he is interested in Amy, and that he only likes Elizabeth as a friend. Elizabeth attempts to raise money for the surgery by participating in her 7th grade class car wash in provocative clothing and by manipulating parents to give her money for more school supplies and tutoring, but her efforts are not enough. Amy, acting on the growing resentment between them due to Elizabeth pursuing Scott and ignoring school rules, attempts to warn the principal about Elizabeth's embezzlement scheme, but he dismisses her claims as groundless. Elizabeth later learns from her best friend, Lynn Davies, that the teacher of the class with the highest state test scores will receive a $5,700 bonus. With this knowledge, Elizabeth decides to change her style of teaching, forcing the class to intensely read and study To Kill A Mockingbird for the upcoming test. However, the change is too late and insufficient. The students receive low scores on their quizzes, frustrating her even more. Meanwhile, she befriends Russell the gym teacher as Amy and Scott start dating. Desperate to pay off the procedure for her breast surgery, Elizabeth steals the state test answers by disguising herself as a journalist and seducing Carl Halabi, a state official who is in charge of creating and distributing the exams. Elizabeth gets Carl drunk and convinces him to take her to his office to have sex, but she spikes his drink and steals a copy of the answers. A month later, Elizabeth's class aces the test and she wins the bonus, giving her the funds needed to get her breasts enlarged. When Elizabeth learns that Amy and Scott are chaperoning an upcoming field trip, she smears an apple with poison ivy and leaves it for Amy, who ends up with her face breaking out in blisters, so she cannot go. On the trip, Elizabeth seduces Scott. They dry hump and Elizabeth secretly calls Amy using Scott's phone leaving a message recording all the action, ensuring she knows about the affair. However, Elizabeth ultimately finds Scott unsatisfying. On a field trip, her student Garrett is embarrassed and ridiculed by his classmates after publicly confessing his unrequited love for a classmate named Chase. Elizabeth consoles him afterwards and tells him how she is too superficial to return his interest, which causes Elizabeth to reflect on her own superficial ways. To stop the other students from making fun of Garrett, she helps by giving him her bra and telling everyone she caught a student from another school giving him a handjob. Left behind at the school, Amy switches Elizabeth's desk with her own to trick the janitor into unlocking Elizabeth's sealed drawer. Amy finds Elizabeth's journalist disguise and the practice test, which leads her to suspect Elizabeth cheated on the state exam. Amy informs the principal and gets Carl to testify against her. However, Elizabeth took embarrassing photos of Carl while he was drugged and, with the help of her roommate, Kirk, uses them to blackmail him to say she is innocent. Having failed to expose Elizabeth's cheating, Amy accuses her of drug use, based on a tip from a student. When the police arrive and bring their sniffer dog to search the school, they find Elizabeth's mini liquor bottles, marijuana and OxyContin pills in Amy's classroom, in a secret compartment in Elizabeth's desk which Elizabeth helpfully points out to the police. At the end of the school year, Amy is moved to another school in the county by the superintendent. Scott asks Elizabeth to start over, wanting a relationship with her, but Elizabeth rejects him to be with Russell, who she has learned she has a lot in common with. When the new school year starts, Elizabeth has not gotten the breast enlargement after all, because she feels that she looks fine the way she is. She also has a new position as the school's guidance counselor.
He Died with a Felafel in His Hand	Australian	comedy	Richard Lowenstein	Danny (Noah Taylor), enters the lounge of his Sydney flat late at night and discovers that his roommate Flip (Brett Stewart) has died in front of the TV holding a felafel sandwich. Nine months prior, Danny and Flip are sharing a house in Brisbane, with housemates Taylor (Alex Menglet), Milo (Damian Walshe-Howling), Otis (Torquil Neilson), Sam (Emily Hamilton), Jabber (Haskel Daniel), and Derek (Robert Rimmer). Anya (Romane Bohringer), arrives and becomes a new housemate. Later that night, Milo and Otis set the rules for a contest to see which of them can successfully romance Anya. The next day, a pair of thugs (Linal Haft and Nathan Kotzur) show up at the house and threaten them for not paying their rent. Anya asks to invite some friends over for a party. The next morning, Danny types out a horror story about masturbation and posts it to Penthouse. While checking the mail, he is devastated to find an invitation to his ex-girlfriend's wedding. A young Japanese girl, Satomi (Sayuri Tanoue), who speaks little English, comes in, declaring, I move in now. After Satomi produces a wad of cash, Sam offers to let her stay in a narrow storage closet in the screened veranda surrounding the house. Anya's party turns out to be a pagan ritual, and a drunk Milo gets tied to the pole of the washing line. Taylor also invites over a gang of skinheads to help confront the landlord's thugs. Milo escapes from the neopagans as the skinheads start looting and vandalizing the house with chainsaws. Anya kisses Sam just as the skinheads manage to remove the entire back wall of the house. Danny quickly packs his belongings, leaves his boom box with Flip, and departs. Three months later, Danny is living in Melbourne with a housemate named Iain (Ian Hughes). Danny attends the outdoor wedding of his ex-girlfriend (Pascal Delair) and best friend (Stuart Nicholls) in the pouring rain. When he arrives back home, Taylor and Flip arrive. Taylor expresses his pleasure at having discovered the joys of hiring prostitutes. Later, Sam also shows up after fleeing from an argument with Anya. Taylor checks the telephone directory for local prostitutes. Sam lies in bed with Danny and asks him to make love. Danny declines on the grounds that we're mates. Danny is awakened in the middle of the night by loud music. He discovers Sam in the bath with her wrists cut. Danny comforts her, and she kisses him. In the morning, the two are awakened by two policemen (Tim Robertson and Robert Morgan), who drag in an unconscious Taylor and lecture Danny about morality. The policemen line up Danny, Sam, Flip, and Iain in the lounge to interrogate them. The cops threaten them, checking all their arms for heroin needle track marks and declares Flip a pincushion. Danny asks Flip what's going on, but Flip reveals he has checked into a rehab bootcamp. The policemen reveal that Taylor had stolen Danny's credit card and charged over $8000 to it during a night of drunken mayhem. They also tell Danny that he owes more than $7,000 to the Brisbane landlord. Iain demands a lawyer and one of the cops draws his gun. Iain panics grabs for the gun, and gets shot in the ear. The cop warns Danny to be careful and Danny takes it as a threat, deciding to leave. Three months later, Danny is living in a tidy flat in Sydney with housemates Nina (Sophie Lee), 'Uptight Ivan' (Ivan Tatarovic), Dirk (Francis McMahon), and Taylor. Danny notices a newspaper article saying that Melbourne police have been cleared of responsibility for Iain's shooting. Sam arrives and moves into the spare room. An agent (Clayton Jacobson) from a department store credit bureau arrives, looking for a Mr. Corcoran. Danny shows the man a drawer full of collection letters addressed to Robert J. Corcoran. Anya arrives, and soon after, so does a policewoman, Sgt. P. O'Neill (Skye Wansey), also looking for Corcoran. Anya and Sam argue about their broken relationship, which quickly escalates into loud sex. Nina urges Danny to get rid of them. Danny tells Anya that he just wants to be left alone, but Anya begins kissing him passionately. Sam appears at the door and sees them. Sam begins angrily packing her things while Danny apologizes. Sam declares Anya a chaos freak and heads out the door. The roommates all complain to themselves about their problems. Dirk enters to declare that he's gay, but is disappointed by the lack of reaction from the roommates, who had all assumed as much. Danny loses his temper with Dirk, urging Dirk to chill out, since he isn't the only one with problems. Danny then locks himself in his bedroom with a telephone sitting on his chest. Taylor slides food to him under the door. Several hours later, Anya slides a cigarette through, and, sitting on the other side of the door, tells Danny a story about lovers, the plot of Solaris. Danny takes the cigarette. Taylor discovers that Penthouse has published Danny's story. As Taylor gives Danny the good news, Flip arrives at the door, and reveals that he has left rehab. Sgt. O'Neill arrives with a partner (Simon Wheeler). She adds up the amount due in Corcoran's bills as $28,000, and issues a summons to Danny to appear in court. At night, Danny tells Flip that he's going to be sent to prison for credit fraud, but Flip says he needs Danny because he's the only friend he has who is not on drugs. Flip leaves Danny's room to get something to eat. Later that night, Danny starts packing his things in a milk crate. Loud music catches his attention, and he discovers Flip dead in front of the TV. A pair of cops declare Flip a typical bloody junkie and cover his body with a sheet, telling Danny not to touch anything. As the sun rises, Danny leaves with his typewriter, catches a ferry, and drops his typewriter into Sydney Harbour. Later, Sam encounters Danny asleep in front of her door, who, after waking him up, tells her that Flip has died. Danny and all of his former roommates hold a memorial service for flip. Each leaves a memento on a charcoal fire in a kettle grill in which Flip's ashes have been dumped. Danny sacrifices his old boombox. Anya gives Danny a cheque, ostensibly from Penthouse, and Nina declares that she and Anya, now a couple, are going to Paris together, where Nina hopes be a successful actor. Danny calls Sgt. O'Neill and identifies the now-deceased Flip as Robert J. Corcoran, and he and Sam set off down the street together.
Those Love Pangs	American	comedy	Charlie Chaplin	The Masher played by Charlie Chaplin fights for the attention of the landlady with the Rival played by Chester Conklin at the beginning of the film. The Masher makes his attempt first. While he is talking to the Landlady played by Helen Carruthers the Rival pokes him with a fork from behind a curtain. The Masher gets upset and returns to the table. The Rival makes a gesture to the Masher and goes on to talk to the landlady. As the Masher sweet talks the Landlady, the Rival does the same thing the Masher did to him. The Landlady gets upset and walks away from the Masher. Upset, the Masher returns to the table and takes the Rival outside by his tie.[1] They eventually go their separate ways when the Masher goes into a bar and the Rival keeps walking toward the park. Before the Masher goes into the bar, he is distracted by a blonde girl (Cecile Arnold) who blinks at him. The girl turns and the Masher fallows her until her tall boyfriend appears. The Masher runs away.[1] Once at the park the Masher finds the Rival with a Brunette girl (Vivian Edwards). The girl the Masher had encountered before ends up at the park as well with her boyfriend. The Masher becomes jealous. He follows the two girls to a theater where he sits between them. He finally has the attention of both girls and zones off. The boyfriend and the Rival come into the theater to find the Masher with their respected girlfriends. The girls see their boyfriends and run out of the theater. The Masher is in his own world and did not realized the girls had been replaced by the tall boyfriend and the Rival. He opens his eyes and realizes what is happening. He quickly jumps up and the two upset men fight him. The Masher gets thrown into the screen.[1]
Caught in a Cabaret	American	comedy	Mabel Normand	Chaplin plays a waiter who fakes being a Greek Ambassador to impress a girl. He then is invited to a garden party where he gets in trouble with the girl's jealous boyfriend. Mabel Normand wrote and directed comedies before Chaplin and mentored her young co-star.
The Belles of St Trinian's	British	comedy	Frank Launder	The Sultan of Makyad (Eric Pohlmann) wants to send his daughter Fatima to a school in England, and asks her governess Miss Anderson to recommend one: she recommends St Trinian's in the county of Barchester. This suits the sultan perfectly: as his racehorses are trained there, he will be able to visit Fatima and his horses at the same time. At St Trinian's, Miss Holland the accountant, explains to headmistress Millicent Fritton (Alastair Sim) that they need cash, not cheques. Then Fritton's twin brother, bookmaker Clarence (Alastair Sim), arrives with his previously expelled sixth form daughter Arabella (Vivienne Martin). He gets his sister to re-enroll her so she can befriend Fatima and get information on Arab Boy, the Sultan's horse that will run in the upcoming Cheltenham Gold Cup against Blue Prince, the horse he and his associates have backed. Assistant headmistress/physics mistress Buckland (Mary Merrall) enters the office to introduce Fatima and two other new girls to Fritton, and Fatima meets Arabella. Fritton explains St Trinian's to the new girls: At most schools, girls are sent out quite unprepared for a merciless world but, when our girls leave here, it is the merciless world which has to be prepared. Fritton takes the new girls to meet the staff: Miss Brimmer (Renée Houston) arts and handicrafts mistress; Miss Wilson (Beryl Reid) maths mistress; Mlle. de St Emilion (Balbina Gutierrez) French mistress; Miss Drownder (Hermione Baddeley) geography mistress; Miss Gale (Irene Handl) English literature mistress; Miss Waters (Betty Ann Davies) the scripture and needlework mistress; and Miss Dawn (Joan Sims). Barchester Police Superintendent Kemp Bird (Lloyd Lamble), in the hope of getting help to stop the crime wave that has occurred in his area since the new term started at St Trinian's, goes to London and meets the Ministry of Education official Manton Bassett (Richard Wattis). Bassett refuses to help: the two inspectors he has sent there have both disappeared. Kemp Bird arranges to send his girlfriend, Sgt. Ruby Gates (Joyce Grenfell), to St Trinian's, undercover, as games mistress Chloe Crawley. When Crawley arrives, Fritton takes her around the school: she finds the fourth form girls using the science lab to make gin, which Flash Harry (George Cole) sells for them; and the sixth form girls learning about French wine regions from the geography mistress. Florrie (Jill Braidwood), the school snoop, hears Arabella tell her father about a trial run the next day and after teasing the fourth form girls about what she has heard, is forced to tell them about the trial. The next morning Arab Boy goes through the trial run timed by the trainer, by Arabella with some other sixth form girls, and by a hidden group of fourth form girls. Now both the sixth and fourth form girls need to find out the weight of that day's jockey, stable boy Albert Faning (Michael Ripper): the sixth form girls have Amanda (Belinda Lee) seduce him to get his weight, while the fourth form girls calculate it. The result is that Arab Boy is sure to win the race. The fourth form girls ask Harry to place a bet for them on Arab Boy but, he tells them, they won't make much with the little more than £3 they have, even at the 10-1 odds. So, the girls ask Fatima if they can borrow her pocket money for the bet. Fritton is told by the bookkeeper that they have £400 in the bank and are £4000 in debt. When Fatima, accompanied by four girls, asks for the £100 that Fritton is holding for her, the girls explain that they want to place a bet on Arab Boy, who is a sure winner at 10-1 odds; Fritton doesn't give Fatima the money, but does get an idea. She summons Harry, who tells her that he places bets for the girls, and asks him to bet the school's remaining £400 on Arab Boy in order to win the £4000 needed to cover the school's debt. Arabella tells her father the disastrous news of Arab Boy's strength and suggests they nobble the horse, but Clarence rejects that idea. Arabella suggests he give it some thought and, should he change his mind, come to St Trinian's the next day, ostensibly for the field hockey match. Crawley and some of the sixth form girls are setting up the net for the match, when the girls run off. Crawley chases them and finds them, with two men and Miss Drownder, having a French lunch, as she later reports to Fritton. Fritton explains that she need not worry: the men are former ministry inspectors Eric Rowbottom-Smith (Guy Middleton), now the school's gardener, and Wilfred Woodley (Arthur Howard), the new fencing master. Before the match starts Arabella, with some of the field hockey team members, meets with Clarence and his partner Benny (Sidney James). They opt for Arabella's plan to borrow the horse until the race is over, which is overheard by Florrie, who is tortured by the fourth form girls for this information. When Crawley goes back to the match, Harry goes to Fritton with a letter he has stolen, which proves that Crawley is really Sgt. Gates. The next morning, with the stable boy's collusion, the horse theft is carried out – almost; in fact, the fourth form girls have taken him. Clarence and Benny are told by their henchman that when they went to get the horse, it was not at the stable. Fritton sees Maudie (Marigold Russell)[note 1] riding Arab Boy up the stairs, and goes to the fourth form dorm to investigate. She finds the girls, Harry, and Arab Boy and insists they get the horse out of the school before dawn, when Fatima will pretend to find and return him. She gets the girls to promise to carry out this plan.[note 2] The next morning Florrie sees Arab Boy's head sticking out of the fourth form dorm window and tells Arabella. The sixth form girls barricade the dorm and Arabella calls Clarence with the news and suggests he come quickly with a group of henchmen to make sure they can maintain the barricade. The fourth form girls try to break through the barricade, but fail. Then the entire teaching staff tries to break through but also fail. Clarence, Benny, and some henchmen arrive, and block the staircase to the dorm. It is parents' day at St Trinian's. Parents arrive, as does Manton Bassett, who has been sent to inspect the school. At the school entrance, Harry diverts all the parents to the Brownies' camp fire area and sends Bassett to the summerhouse to meet his missing inspectors. Florrie climbs up some vines to reach the fourth form dorm, with news of the sixth form barricade, which is being re-enforced by Fritton's men. Then the milkman arrives in a horse-drawn cart, and the fourth form girls see a way to free Arab Boy. They throw smoke bombs out of the window to cover Florrie's climb back down the vines to tell the staff to create a diversion. The staff is suddenly joined by a busload of wild former students, and overcome the blockaders, but Clarence escapes. Meanwhile, the girls lower the horse from the second floor dorm using a sling made of bed-sheets they have tied together, hitch him to the milk cart, and take him to the racetrack. Fritton, back in her office, is being berated by some parents over the way St Trinian's is run (the goateed man is Ronald Searle with first wife Kaye Webb on far right),[note 3] when Harry bursts in with the news that Arab Boy has won the race. The sultan comes to the school to present the good conduct trophy to one of the girls, but it and, subsequently, all the other trophies on display are stolen during two blackouts. Finally, the dais collapses, save the part on which a resigned and exasperated Fritton is sitting.
Fitzgerald Family Christmas, TheThe Fitzgerald Family Christmas	American	comedy	Edward Burns	The seven adult siblings of the Fitzgerald family prepare for their estranged father to return home for Christmas for the first time since he walked out on his family 20 years ago.[4]
Friends with Kids	American	comedy	Jennifer Westfeldt	Jason (an advertising executive) and Julie (a charitable investment advisor), longtime best friends now in their mid-30s live in the same building in Manhattan. Not romantically involved, they are close friends with two childless married couples, the placid Alex and Leslie and the sex-obsessed Ben and Missy. During the next four years, after both couples have children, their marriages suffer. Following a chaotic birthday party for Jason at Alex and Leslie's place in Brooklyn, Jason and Julie discuss how it would be better to have children first, to 'get it out of the way' since 'time is running out', and only then meet the person that you wanted to marry. After more discussion, they decide to have a child together, despite never having had romantic feelings for each other, and then to continue to date other people, to find 'their one'. Although their friends predict disaster, Jason and Julie adjust to their new relationship with baby Joe far better than their friends had imagined.[3] Jason and Julie begin dating again and enter into budding relationships with young actress Mary Jane and divorced father Kurt, respectively. During a couples winter getaway in Vermont, Ben calls Jason and Julie's thought process and parenting skills into question. In the ensuing argument, Ben decries their arrangement as untenable in the long term and humiliates Missy. Jason defends his decision to have a child with Julie, saying that he loves her deeply and that she was the soundest choice of person for him to start a family with. After returning from Vermont, Ben and Missy separate and later divorce. Shortly thereafter, at Julie's birthday dinner out (about 18 months after Joe's birth), Jason is surprised to find that she invited only him. Julie tells him that Kurt wants her to meet his children that weekend but that this new degree of commitment has made her realize that she is in love with Jason, who, along with Joe, have become her closest family. A stunned Jason tells Julie that his love for her has never been romantic and has asked Mary Jane to move in with him. Heartbroken, Julie leaves the restaurant, and soon moves out of her Manhattan apartment to Brooklyn, putting some space between herself and Jason. A few months thereafter, Jason and Mary Jane break up over their differing feelings about children, and both Julie and Jason return to dating others. Several months later, at a bar with Ben, Jason confides that he does have feelings for Julie, but that their messy split makes acting on such feelings impossible. Ben disagrees, noting the differences between his and Missy's sex-based relationship and Jason and Julie's long-lasting friendship. Shortly before Julie's next birthday, after dropping 2-1/2-year-old Joe off at Julie's house after a day out, Jason presents her with a present: a photo scrapbook of the couple, and then the three of them (that he'd made for her birthday prior, but she never received due to their abrupt parting), consistent with Julie's prior statement that Jason and Joe were her family. They reminisce over several of the photos and then put Joe to bed, after Jason says a few things about 'staying the night' (as Joe wants him to). Jason's emotional shift and words make Julie emotional and uncomfortable, so she sends Jason home. He leaves, but quickly returns, and tells her what he said to her a year ago was all wrong. He finally realized it—she is the love of his life, she is his 'person', and that's just the way it is. She tells him she can't be with someone who isn't 'into' her, and he, after a passionate kiss, offers to have sex with her to prove he is into her, in every possible way. She accepts his offer, passionately kisses him back, and they tumble onto her bed.
Vice Versa	British	comedy	Peter Ustinov	During the British Raj, unscrupulous Marmaduke Paradine steals the Garuda Stone, the magical eye of an Indian idol, which grants one wish to each possessor. He had been warned that the thief of the stone would have bad luck; convinced by the time he returns to England, he gives it to his former brother-in-law, widower Paul Bultitude. Paul, a wealthy stockbroker, cannot understand why his eldest son Dick is reluctant to return to boarding school after a holiday. Paul recalls the carefree days of his youth and casually wishes he could take Dick's place while holding the stone. As a result, he finds himself looking just like his son. When Dick realizes what has happened, the neglected boy uses his wish to take on his father's appearance, eager to enjoy the perks of being an adult. Dick cheerfully sends his protesting father off to school, while he throws parties, flirts with Alice, the maid, and even carries on with his father's girlfriend Fanny Verlayne. He also enters into a partnership in a new horseless carriage business, becoming even wealthier. Meanwhile, Paul's pompous behavior soon antagonizes his classmates and the disciplinarian headmaster, Dr. Grimstone. He also puzzles Grimstone's daughter Dulcie, who cannot understand why her once-attentive beau seems to be smitten with a much-older Fanny. Paul escapes the bullying at school and returns home, only to overhear Paradine tell Fanny how he plans to trick Dick into signing away control of his horseless carriage company. He pleads with his son to restore them back to their proper bodies, but Dick cannot remember where he left the stone. Fortunately, Paul finally finds it in the hands of his younger son Rollie and gets him to wish things back. Chastened by his experience, Paul becomes more understanding of Dick's situation.
Kalakalappu	Tamil	comedy	Sundar C.	In Kumbakonam, Seenu (Vimal) runs a hotel “Masala Cafe”, inherited from his forefathers. Masala Café was a famous food outlet a few decades back but has lost its prominence later and now Seenu finds it difficult to manage. The café’s chef (V.S. Raghavan) and his granddaughter Maya (Oviya) stay with Seenu. Madhavi (Anjali), the new health inspector of Kumbakonam, decides to permanently shut Masala Café due to its unhygienic environment. Seenu requests Madhavi to give him some time, so that he can make his hotel gain its prominence once again. Slowly Seenu and Madhavi become good friends and love blossoms between them. Meanwhile, Raghu (Shiva), the younger brother of Seenu is a thief and gets released from jail. He decides to stay with Seenu though he did not like to. Seenu allows Raghu to stay with him as Raghu saves him from the money lender Anjuvati Alagesan (Ilavarasu) to whom Seenu owes money. Manickam (Subbu Panju), a jewellery owner, stages a drama to get money from insurance. Manickam sets fire to his jewellery showroom and tries to get the insured amount by claiming loss although he has safely hidden precious diamonds in a mobile phone which is with his nephew Karunakaran. Karunukaran misses the mobile phone containing the diamonds which later gets into the hands of Raghu. Dharamarajan (John Vijay), a cunning man is the inspector of police in Kumbakonam and is also a childhood friend of Seenu. A real estate developer plans to demolish Masala Café and construct a mall over there due to its prime location. But Seenu is not ready to sell his property as he prefers to own it in the memory of his family members. Dharmarajan assures to convince Seenu and make him sell the hotel and he talks a deal with the real estate developer. Seenu, Raghu, Madhavi and Maya come up with a plan to introduce traditional healthy food menu in Masala Café believing that will be liked by the present generation. Maya’s grandfather gives tips about healthy ingredients and Masala Café becomes popular again due to differentiated menu. Seenu earns more money from Masala Café. Meanwhile, Madhavi’s wedding is fixed with her relative Vettupuli (Santhanam) in the village by her family. Seenu goes to Madhavi’s village to stop the wedding and bring her back to Kumbakonam. After a series of events, Vettupuli comes to know about Seenu and Madhavi’s love and decides to let them marry. When Seenu is away, Dharmaraj plans to grab Masala Café as it is now managed only by Raghu who is addicted to gambling. Dharmarajan calls Raghu for gambling for which Raghu accepts. Dharamaraj tricks Raghu to gamble using his hotel documents. Raghu loses the game and Dharmarajan takes over Masala Café. Seenu gets shocked knowing that Dharmarajan has betrayed them. Manickam tracks down that the mobile phone containing diamonds is with Raghu and comes to kill him and take back the diamonds. But Seenu and Raghu get to know about the diamonds being hidden in the mobile phone only after Manickam comes. Seenu and Raghu escape from Manickam. A fight sequence follows where Seenu and Raghu beat Manickam. In the meantime, they also grab the hotel’s documents from Dharmarajan. Seenu unites with Madhavi and Raghu unites with Maya.
Band Waggon	British	comedy	Marcel Varnel	Arthur Askey and Stinker Murdoch, two out-of-work performers, are living on the roof of the Broadcasting House in Central London. After being called in for an audition with the BBC three months before, they were forgotten about and settled down to live there waiting for their big chance. One day an item from their clothes line falls and hits Claude Pilkington, a senior figure at the BBC, who has them evicted. They are forced to pack up all their belongings and leave. While driving home that evening one of the tyres on Pilkington's car gets a puncture from broken glass lying on the road. It has been put there by the owners of the Jack-in-the-Box restaurant, who hope their cabaret act will be given a contract with the BBC and have so far failed to gain an audition. Pilkington sits unwittingly through their act, including singers Jack Hylton and Patricia Kirkwood, barely noticing it while he reads the newspaper. When he discovers that they have caused his puncture, he storms off in anger. Meanwhile, Askey and Murdoch have found themselves in the countryside. Needing somewhere to live they go to a local estate agent hoping to pick up a cheap cottage. Instead they are offered a castle for £3 rent, which the owner is trying to get off his hands as it is haunted. After they settle down in the castle they begin to experience a number of sinister happenings which occur despite the estate agent's insistence that there is a perfectly natural explanation for everything. When they encounter Jasper Blackfang, a ghost who claims to haunt the place, they flee and take shelter at the nearby Jack-in-the Box restaurant. Emboldened by the realization that the ghost is in fact the caretaker of the castle, who has been living there rent free, they return along with Hylton and Kirkwood. They discover a broadcasting studios inside the castle, which the caretaker claims is being used by a pirate commercial station. In fact it is being used by Nazi agents in Britain, but the caretaker is unaware of this. Frustrated by their failure to secure an audition at the BBC, they decide to use the studios to broadcast their own show. Arthur Askey does a performance on the same wavelength as the BBC, interrupting a programme by Pilkington himself, who has to be faded out. Pilkington is furious by the interruption, but the pirate show generates huge interest amongst the general public. Pilkington, meanwhile, gets Scotland Yard to hunt down the pirate station. Their determination to find the station is boosted by the realisation that the castle contains plans of British planes stolen by the Nazi agents, which are unwittingly held up by Askey during his broadcast. Askey has organised a major hour-long performance which ends in a finale with where the police, BBC officials and Nazi agents all converge on the castle, while a time bomb is ominously ticking down. The program is such a roaring success that the BBC are eventually forced to grant Askey, Murdoch and their associates their own show.
Her Favourite Husband	British	comedy	Mario Soldati	Mild mannered Italian bank clerk Antonio, much dominated by his English wife Dorothy, is the double of Leo L'Americano, a local gangster. The gangster kidnaps Antonio and takes his place as husband in the family, to give him cover for a big bank robbery, which he plans to pin on Antonio. Farcical confusions ensue.
Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo	American	comedy	Mike Bigelow	Gigolos in Europe are being terrorized by a serial killer. In Malibu, Deuce Bigalow's wife Kate has died from a shark attack, and Deuce is invited by his former pimp T.J. Hicks to Amsterdam. Deuce goes to take his mind off of Kate. After T.J. shows Deuce his boat, or float crib, the pair go to a coffee shop where they get high and bump into Heinz Hummer, a German gigolo. After leaving the coffee shop, Deuce finds Hummer dead in an alley, but thinks he is merely stoned and takes the dead gigolo to T.J.'s float crib; when T.J. gets back, he immediately realizes that Hummer is dead. T.J. plans to dump the body, but skeptical of Hummer's reputation of being well-endowed, unzips his pants and examines his genitalia and is caught by a tour boat. Upon his release from the police station, Deuce finds T.J. at a restaurant and recalls that he saw the killer walking away from Hummer's body. Deuce says it was a woman, so they both figure it was a she-john, a former client of the murdered gigolo. T.J. convinces Deuce to find the killer by becoming a gigolo again, visiting the former clients and rooting out the killer. They attend a meeting of the Royal Order of European Man Whores, but fail to procure a list of the clients. Deuce and T.J. visit the first client on the list. While Deuce distracts the woman, T.J. breaks into her residence and finds a brand of lipstick which might be the kind found on all the victims. After leaving, Deuce finds Gaspar on the street and shows him the lipstick. Gaspar throws the lipstick in the trash, mentioning that the lipstick found on the victims is a very rare one: Lavender Love #66. As Gaspar enters the police station, his niece, Eva, approaches him and gives him his lunch. Eva slaps herself three times when Gaspar sneezes. Deuce helps her pick up the things she dropped, and Eva explains to Deuce that she has obsessive-compulsive disorder. Deuce sees that she has a painting of a fish, so they go to the Amsterdam aquarium together. Deuce continues to investigate different women from Antoine's book. Deuce rides with Gaspar to the Man-Whore Awards Ceremony under the guise of protecting the man-whores. Gaspar pulls a gun on Deuce and tells him that he was once a man-whore hopeful. While Gaspar was observing a demonstration on how to perform a certain sex act, one of his classmates offered to let him use his penis-enlargement pump. When the demonstration ended, Gaspar was horrified the demonstration was his fiancée. Gaspar was so angry and shocked that he continued to pump until his penis exploded, causing the other men to laugh at him. He blames man-whores for the loss of his fiancée and his penis, and plans to kill them all at their awards ceremony. At the ceremony, Deuce evacuates the building and gets into a sword fight with Gaspar, during which he mentions the other romantic ways of pleasing a woman; his words move the ladies in the crowd and the male gigolos. Gaspar beats Deuce, but before he can detonate the bomb, the woman with a penis for a nose and the woman with the tracheotomy distract Gaspar. Deuce knocks out Gaspar with a trophy taking the bomb detonator. For his bravery, Deuce is given the Golden Boner award. He shares a passionate kiss with Eva, and accidentally sets off the bomb when the statue's penis bumps the detonator button. Deuce and Eva leave the scene. The following day, Deuce and Eva come to pick up T.J., who has been released from jail, and tells them that he is entering a brand new prostitution market: gay man-whoring. In an epilogue: T.J. stops gay man-whoring and becomes a rapper. Deuce and Eva got married with Eva being pregnant. Gaspar is gang raped in prison, and Kate's prosthetic leg is turned into a bong by a woman without a leg.
Trouble in the Glen	British	comedy	Herbert Wilcox	After moving from South America to the Scottish Highlands, millionaire Sanin Cejador y Mengues (Welles) reassumes the title of laird of Glen Easan, which he inherited from his grandfather, Sandy Menzies. Obstinate in nature, Mengues soon finds the climate inhospitable, and the language and customs of the Highland people exasperating. While fishing on the loch with his equally stubborn, distantly related cousin Angus, who works as a fishing or hunting guide for the estate, Mengues hooks and then loses a large trout, and the confrontation escalates from Gaelic epithets and an overturned boat to Mengues firing Angus. When the locals then refuse to work for him and his cattle roam unmanaged over the glen, Mengues, advised by Oliver Dukes (Archie Duncan), his factor from Glasgow whom the villagers distrust, closes a heavily used road that leads through his property. By the time American widower, Major Jim Lance Lansing (Tucker), a former Air Force pilot who was stationed in Scotland during World War II, returns there, the disgruntled villagers are burning the laird in effigy. After a quick drink at the pub, where he befriends tinker and former paratrooper Malcolm MacFie (John McCallum), Lance reunites with his old friends the Carnochs, who act as guardians of Lance's young daughter Alsuin (Margaret McCourt), who adores Lance but is unaware that he is her father. Stricken with polio, the bedridden Alsuin is hard-hit by the closing of the road, which inspires her made-up fairy tales and provides people to call to her as they pass. At her request, Lance, whom Alsuin calls Sir Lancelot, proceeds to the Mengues estate to talk to the laird about the road. Finding the gate locked, he climbs the fence, but before approaching the castle, detours to the loch and takes a swim. Mengues' feisty daughter Marissa (Lockwood) spots him trespassing and steals his trousers while he is in the loch. Later, dressed in the clothes he has left, Lance shows up at the castle and manages to meet Mengues, who will only advise him, as a fellow foreigner, to leave Scotland. Lansing, however, rallies the people of the glen and eventually, they prevail upon Mengues to restore peace, but not before a brief and unconvincing fistfight between Lansing and Dukes. Mengues apologizes to all by explaining that he has recently learned the difference between a lord and a laird. A lord, he says, takes care of the people and land belonging to him, while a laird belongs to the land and the people. With peace restored, the road re-opens, and during the wedding festivities of Lance and Marissa, Mengues, dressed in a kilt, promises Alsuin, who knows now that Lance is her father, that they both will be dancing within six months. Tinker chieftain Parlan (McLaglen) and Malcolm enjoy the party from the window, until they realize it is an excellent night for poaching.
Trainwreck	American	comedy	Judd Apatow	Gordon Townsend tells his two young daughters Amy and Kim that he and their mother are divorcing because monogamy is not realistic, repeating it like a mantra. Twenty-three years later, Amy is a party girl who drinks too much and sleeps around while writing for a men's magazine. She is in a casual relationship with a gym-addict named Steven, who was attracted to her because he first thought she 'looked like a dude'. Her cold-hearted English boss, Dianna, assigns her to write an article about a sports doctor named Aaron Conners. While Amy is interviewing Aaron, she receives a text from Kim insisting they move Gordon to a cheaper assisted-living facility. Amy starts to hyperventilate, but Aaron calms her down and suggests they get food. Over dinner, he compliments her writing and she learns about his family. After some drinks, they go to his place and have sex. Amy stays the night, which is a departure from her rule of never sleeping over with a man she's had sex with. The next day, Aaron calls to ask if they can see each other again. Amy panics and tells him they will talk about it at the interview. She and her friend Nikki decide she has to end it. Meanwhile, Aaron's friend, LeBron James, is excited for him since Aaron has not dated anyone in six years. Amy goes to watch Aaron perform surgery to Uptown Girl, his favorite song. Afterwards, she tries to break things off. He insists they like each other and should date. Amy then gets a phone call that her dad had a fall. Aaron drives her to the home where he tends to her dad. Aaron and Amy begin dating and fall for each other. Amy is worried she is going to mess up the relationship, but Kim tells her she is just doing what everyone else does. Gordon takes a stockpile of his medication, overdoses, and dies. At his funeral, Aaron tells her, for the first time, that he loves her. She tells him that it was the wrong time for him to start saying that to her. Aaron receives a prestigious award at a luncheon and brings Amy. While making his speech, Amy gets a call from her boss Dianna, who threatens to fire her if she does not answer. She chooses to take the call and leaves during his speech. Afterwards, Aaron is upset and they start arguing. They return to her apartment, but Aaron thinks they should not go to bed angry, so Amy rants all night. The next day Aaron tells Amy that they need to take a break. Hurt, Amy reacts by telling him that it is fine. Amy goes out drinking with her co-workers, including an intern, who invites her back to his place; their bizarre sexual encounter is interrupted when his mom enters and reveals that he is only 16. The next day, Dianna fires Amy for the incident. Aaron is moping in his apartment until LeBron calls, claiming he has been injured. Aaron rushes over to find an intervention for him consisting of LeBron, Matthew Broderick, Chris Evert, and Marv Albert. They tell him he has always been afraid of opening up and needs to make things right with Amy, but Aaron insists things with Amy are over. Amy visits Kim and tells her everything that has happened; Kim tells her that it's time to change. Amy clears out all the alcohol from her apartment. She takes her Aaron story to Vanity Fair, where it ends up getting published, and sends it to Aaron. He attends a game and after, Aaron is called back to the court, where the Knicks City Dancers perform with Amy front and center, performing his favourite song Uptown Girl. She tells him she wants to make their relationship work. They confess their love for each other and kiss.
Jack Ahoy	British	comedy	Walter Forde	After failing to pass his entrance exam to Dartmouth Naval College, Jack Ponsonby (Jack Hulbert) enlists as an able seaman. On falling in love with the admiral's daughter Patricia (Nancy O'Neil), Jack stumbles into an adventure involving a den of Chinese river pirates who have stolen a British submarine. Anxious to prove himself a hero in Patricia's eyes, he manages to rescue both the admiral and his daughter, when they are kidnapped by the bandits.
The Honourable Wally Norman	Australian	comedy	Ted Emery	The story begins with a corrupt Member of Parliament (Micallef) shutting down a country town's main source of employment in the local meatworks. This leaves Wally Norman (Harrington) out of a job, until drunk politician Willy Norman accidentally writes the wrong name on the parliamentary nomination form. Wally is at first apprehensive about running, until he realises it is the only way to save the meatworks. Throughout the film Wally is coached by Willy Norman and assistant Myles Greenstreet (Nathaniel Davison) in how to best appeal to the voters, as well as overcome his fear of public speaking. Meanwhile, Myles is attracted to Wally's daughter, and a wombat's career skyrockets. Much of the film's humour comes from wordplay, such as naming the town Givens Head, and the foreman of the meatworks being named George. Shaun Micallef said he had to insist that his own moniker was modified from F. Ken Oath to F. Ken Oats to soften one of the film's less subtle attempts at punning.[1]
Old Mother Riley Detective	British	comedy	Lance Comfort	The film opens with a night watchman being bludgeoned, as a safe is cracked open in the offices of the District Food Controller. A list of wartime foods to be rationed is stolen, and the police fear gangsters are planning to sell the foods on the black market. As the office charwoman, Old Mother Riley's fingerprints are all over the safe, and she becomes the police's number one suspect. To prove her innocence, Mother Riley turns detective, adopting various methods and disguises to track down the villains.[2][3]
Jai Maruthi 800	Kannada	comedy	A. Harsha	Jeeva ([[Sharan]]) must correct the mistakes understood about his best friend by his villagers in childhood after his death .
Ee Pattanathil Bhootham (ഈ പട്ടണത്തിൽ ഭൂതം)	Malayalam	comedy	Johny Antony	The film opens with a 'Manthravadi' (Thilakan) an evil magician (Pithamagan Mahadevan) to obey to his commands and make spiriting away a friendly ghost money through crime. Meanwhile, a group of kids and their benefactors are held hostage in a circus camp by the baddies, who has taken over the show. Ancy (Kavya Madhavan) is coming back from London, to take charge of the circus company founded by her father Philipose (Janardhanan), who was found murdered. On reaching there, she is told that her father was stabbed to death by a bike-jumper named Jimmy (Mammootty). In fact Jimmy, his foster father Krishnan (Innocent), aide Sisupalan (Suraj Venjarammood) and a gang of street children were all invited by Philipose to join his circus group. Meanwhile, the ghost (Mammootty, in his other role) appears, becomes friendly with the kids and takes a more stylish shape of Jimmy. Thanks to the ghost, Ancy realizes that Jimmy was innocent in the whole issue. Now the battle between the good and evil. The climax is found with Kora and his sidekicks being caught by the police and the 'Manthravaadi' being turned into a hippopotamus.This Movie was made with an intention to attract childaudiences. This movie grossed about 8 crores and gets satewllite rights about 4 crores. EE PATTANATHIL BHOOTHAM ran about more than 60 days and was a commercial Hit of 2009.
Cash	British	comedy	Zoltan Korda	A businessman on the brink of bankruptcy struggles to keep his company afloat.
Beside Still Waters	American	comedy	Chris Lowell	In the wake of his parents' deaths and about to sell their summer home, Daniel has one final weekend with his friends, reality TV star James, recently unemployed Tom, Martin and his wife Abby, Charley, and Daniel's ex-girlfriend Olivia and her fiancé Henry.
The New Janitor	American	comedy	Charlie Chaplin	The hero, a janitor played by Chaplin, is fired from work for accidentally knocking his bucket of water out the window and onto his boss, the chief banker (Tandy). Meanwhile, one of the junior managers (Dillon) is being threatened with exposure by his bookie for his unpaid gambling debts. Thus the manager decides to steal from the company. He is caught in the act of raiding the vault by the bank secretary (Carruthers) who rings for help. Chaplin comes to the rescue only to be misjudged by the chief banker as the thief. The secretary fingers the manager and Charlie receives a just reward and a handshake for foiling the robbery.
George in Civvy Street	British	comedy	Marcel Varnel	This comedy film portrays George Formby leaving the forces and becoming a village pub owner, who works to turn a waitress from her current boss, a rival pub owner. Formby falls in love with the waitress, and various battles ensue between the pub rivals.[4][5][6]
The Immigrant	American	comedy	Charles Chaplin	The film begins aboard a steamer crossing the Atlantic Ocean, and initially showcases the misadventures of an unnamed immigrant, the Tramp (Chaplin) who finds himself in assorted mischief while, among other things, playing cards, eating in a mess hall, and avoiding seasick passengers. Along the way, he befriends another unnamed immigrant (Purviance) who is traveling to America with her ailing mother. The two are robbed by a pickpocket who is losing in gambling. The Tramp, feeling sorry for the two penniless women, attempts to secretly place his winnings from his card game in the woman's pocket, but ends up being mistakenly accused of being a pickpocket. The woman manages to clear the Tramp's name. Upon arrival in America, the Tramp and the woman part company. Later, hungry and broke, the tramp finds a coin on the street outside a restaurant and pockets it. He doesn't realize there is a hole in his pocket and the coin has fallen straight through and is back on the ground. He enters the restaurant, where he orders a plate of beans. There, he is reunited with the woman and discovers her mother is dead. The Tramp orders a meal for her. As they eat, they watch the restaurant's burly head waiter (Campbell) and other waiters attack and forcibly eject a patron who is short 10 cents in paying his bill. The Tramp, intimidated by the waiter, checks and now realizes he has lost his coin. Terrified of facing the same treatment as the man he saw thrown out, the Tramp begins planning how he will fight the huge man. Soon, however, he finds the same coin fallen from the head waiter's pocket onto the floor and makes many failed attempts to retrieve it without notice. He finally retrieves the coin and nonchalantly pays the waiter only to be thunderstruck when the waiter reveals the coin to be fake. Once again, the Tramp prepares for the fight of his life. Just then, a visiting artist spots the Tramp and the woman and offers them a job to pose for a painting. The two agree. The artist offers to pay for the Tramp and the woman's meal, but the Tramp declines the offer several times for reasons of etiquette, intending to eventually accept the artist's offer; however, he's dismayed when the artist does not renew his offer to pay at the last moment. The artist pays for his own meal and leaves a tip for the waiter. The Tramp notices that the tip is enough to cover the couple's meal and, without the artist noticing, palms the tip and presents it to the waiter as his own payment for his and the woman's meal. As a final riposte, he lets the waiter keep the remaining change - one small coin - after paying his bill. The waiter thinks the artist himself has given no tip whatsoever, and is clearly upset at this supposed action. Afterwards, outside a marriage license office in the rain, the Tramp proposes marriage to the woman, who is coy and reluctant until the Tramp physically carries her into the office while she waves her arms and kicks her feet in protest.
The Perfect Woman	British	comedy	Bernard Knowles	Professor Ernest Belman creates a woman in his lab.
The Ghost Train	British	comedy	Walter Forde	Tommy Gander (Arthur Askey), a vaudeville comedian, pulls the communication cord on a GWR express train, bringing it to a stop so he can retrieve his hat. Returning to the train, he escapes an angry conductor by ducking into a compartment occupied by attractive blonde Jackie Winthrop (Carole Lynne), with whom Gander flirts. Another passenger, Teddy (Richard Murdoch), has his eye on Jackie as well, but her companion Richard Winthrop (Peter Murray-Hill) ejects both of them from the compartment. When the train stops at Fal Vale Junction, Cornwall, these four get off to change trains, as do Herbert (Stuart Latham) and his fiancée Edna (Betty Jardine), spinster Miss Bourne (Kathleen Harrison), and the tippling Dr. Sterling (Morland Graham). However, the stationmaster, Saul Hodgkin (Herbert Lomas) tells them the last Truro-bound train has gone, and that they cannot remain at the station, as he is locking up for the night. The passengers insist on staying, as it is raining heavily and the nearest village is four miles away. Hodgkin warns them the station is haunted. A branch line once crossed the river on a swing bridge close to the station. One night 43 years ago, then stationmaster Ted Holmes had a fatal heart attack while attempting to close the bridge, causing a train to plunge into the river. Ever since, a phantom train has been heard periodically on the abandoned track. It is said to kill anyone who looks upon it. With that, he reluctantly leaves them. As the passengers make themselves as comfortable as they can, they hear footsteps outside. Richard opens the door, and Hodgkin collapses into the room. Dr. Sterling pronounces him dead. Later, a terrified young woman in black (Linden Travers) appears. She, Julia, pleads for help, saying that someone is pursuing her. A car spins off the road and crashes into a tree. The driver is unhurt, but his car is damaged. Back in the waiting room, he introduces himself as John Price (Raymond Huntley) and explains that he is searching for his sister Julia, who he says suffers from delusions. Julia protests that he is lying. Price further explains that she thought she had seen the ghost train, and became obsessed with it ever since. The passengers tell him that Hodgkin has died. When Price insists on seeing the body, they discover it has mysteriously vanished. Price leaves to arrange transportation. Then an approaching train is heard. As it thunders past, Julia smashes a window to look at it, then screams and faints. They hear singing from the nearby railway tunnel mouth. Julia claims that Ben Isaacs (D. J. Williams), the sole survivor of the accident, is coming back. Teddy shoots at the ghost, causing it to flee back into the tunnel, leaving behind a bloodstained cloth. Teddy shows the others the cloth and orders the others, at gunpoint, to stay put until the police arrive, but Richard punches him, knocking him out. The passengers carry him to the bus Price has obtained. When Teddy comes to, he is furious with Richard, as now there will be no one to intercept the train on its return journey. When Gander remarks that he had returned the bridge to the open position, Dr. Sterling suddenly orders the bus driver to stop, while his confederate, Price, produces his own gun. Sterling orders the driver to turn back so they can warn the train. Meanwhile, guns are being loaded aboard the ghost train; a very much alive Hodgkin flags the train off and climbs aboard. Teddy explains that the train is really being used by Nazi Fifth Columnists to secretly transport arms. While Price heads down the embankment with Julia and the driver to try to stop the train, Teddy knocks Sterling out and gains control of the situation. The train plunges into the river.
Be Kind Rewind	American	comedy	Michel Gondry	In Passaic, New Jersey, the declining Be Kind Rewind VHS rental store owned by Mr. Elroy Fletcher (Danny Glover) is due to be demolished to make way for high-end development (due in large part to the refusal of Mr. Fletcher to rent out DVDs) unless he can find the money to renovate his building, despite his claims that jazz pianist Fats Waller was born in that building. Mr. Fletcher leaves on a trip for several days to join friends and memorialize Waller, as well as visiting a DVD rental store to learn efficient and modernized ways of running a video rental store, leaving his only employee, Mike (Mos Def), to tend to the store. Before leaving Mr. Fletcher cautions Mike to keep his paranoid and klutzy friend, Jerry (Jack Black), away from the store. After attempting to sabotage a nearby electrical substation, believing its energy to be melting his brain, Jerry becomes magnetized, and when he enters the store the next day, he inadvertently erases all the VHS tapes in the store (as well as making the camera go out of focus, whenever he walks past it). Mike quickly discovers the disaster, and is further pressed when Miss Falewicz (Mia Farrow), Mr. Fletcher's friend, wants to rent Ghostbusters. To prevent her from reporting a problem to Mr. Fletcher, Mike comes up with an idea: as Miss Falewicz has never seen the movie, he proposes to recreate the film using himself and Jerry as the actors and cheap special effects hoping to fool her. They complete the movie just in time when another customer asks for Rush Hour 2. Mike and Jerry repeat their filming, enlisting the help of Alma (Melonie Diaz), a local woman, for some of the parts. Word of mouth spreads through Miss Falewicz's nephew (Chandler Parker) of the inadvertently hilarious results of Mike and Jerry's filming, and soon the store is seeing more requests for such movies. Mike, Jerry, and Alma quickly pass off the movies as being sweded, insisting the films came from Sweden and thus able to demand long wait times and higher costs for the rental. Soon, to meet demand, Mike and Jerry enlist the locals to help out in making the movies, using them as starring roles in their films. When Mr. Fletcher returns, intent on converting the store to a DVD rental outlet, he quickly recognizes that they are making more money from the sweded films than from normal rentals, and joins in with the process. However, the success is put to a halt when two court bailiffs (Sigourney Weaver and Paul Dinello) arrive, insisting the sweded films are copyright violations, and seize the tapes and the store's assets, crushing the tapes with a steamroller. Without any money to renovate the building, Mr. Fletcher gives up hope, and is forced to reveal to Mike that he made up the connection of Fats Waller to their building. Mr. Fletcher is given a week to evacuate the building before it will be razed. Jerry, with the help of the local townspeople, convinces Mr. Fletcher and Mike to give one last hurrah and put together a documentary dedicated to the fake life of Fats Waller, and the two quickly warm up to the idea. On the day the building is scheduled for demolition, Mr. Fletcher invites all the locals to watch the final film. In his eagerness to start the show due to the presence of the demolition crew waiting to start the job, Jerry accidentally breaks the only TV the store has, but a nearby DVD store owner loans them his video projector, allowing them to show the movie on a white cloth placed in the store's window. As their film ends, Mr. Fletcher, Mike and Jerry exit the store to find a crowd has gathered in the street to watch the film through the window, including the city official and wrecking crew, and they are given a rousing applause by the gathered crowd.
Kedi Billa Killadi Ranga	Tamil	comedy	Pandiraj	The film opens with two friends Pattai Murugan (Sivakarthikeyan) and TheniKesavan (Vimal) who are unemployed and want to become a politician. Meanwhile, Murugan meets Paappaa (Regina Cassandra) and falls for her. On the other side Kesavan meets Mithra Meenalochini (Bindu Madhavi) and falls for her. Paappaa and Mithra, too, fall for them after many confusions. There comes the Councilor Election and Murugan stands for it. Paappaa gives Murugan money to spend for the election. Eventually Murugan loses in the election. Seeing this, Murugan's father dies by falling off of the train platform. Murugan gets the job of his father. Kesavan marries Mithra. Murugan and Paappaa waits for the acceptation of their parents. As their parents accept for their marriage and they get married. Murugan & Kesavan realise the real value of the life & they decide that life is nothing without doing work so they both go to their respective homes & while seeing their father's photo Murugan & Kesavan write that DAD IS MY GOD & MY FATHER IS HERO respectively.
The Ladykillers	British	comedy	Alexander Mackendrick	Mrs Wilberforce is a sweet and eccentric old widow who lives alone with her raucous parrots in a gradually subsiding lopsided house, built over the entrance to a railway tunnel in Kings Cross, London. With nothing to occupy her time and an active imagination, she is a frequent visitor to the local police station where she reports fanciful suspicions regarding neighbourhood activities. Having led wild-goose chases in the past, she is humoured by the officers there who give her reports no credence whatsoever. She is approached by an archly sinister character, 'Professor' Marcus, who wants to rent rooms in her house. She is not aware that he has assembled a gang of hardened criminals for a sophisticated security van robbery at London King's Cross railway station: the gentlemanly and easily fooled con-man Major Claude Courtney; the comedic Cockney spiv Harry Robinson; the slow-witted and punch drunk ex-boxer 'One-Round' Lawson; and the murderous, cruel and vicious continental gangster Louis Harvey. As a cover, the Professor convinces the naive Mrs. Wilberforce that the group is an amateur string quintet using the rooms for rehearsal space. To maintain the deception, the gang members carry musical instruments and play a recording of Boccherini's Minuet (3rd movement) from String Quintet in E, Op. 11 No. 5 during their planning sessions. After the heist, Mrs. W is deceived into retrieving the disguised money from the railway station herself. This she successfully manages to do but not without serious complications owing to her tendency to righteous meddling. As the gang departs her house with the loot, 'One-Round' accidentally gets his cello case full of banknotes trapped in the front door. As he pulls the case free, banknotes spill forth while Mrs. Wilberforce looks on. Finally, smelling a rat, she informs Marcus that she is going to the police. Stalling, the gangsters half convince Mrs. W that she will surely be considered an accomplice for holding the 'lolly' (slang for 'cash'.) In any case, they assert, it is a victimless crime as insurance will cover all the losses and the police will probably not even accept the money back. She wavers but when she rallies the criminals finally decide they must kill her. No one wants to do it so they draw lots using matchsticks. The Major loses but tries to make a run for it with the cash. As the oblivious Mrs. W dozes, the criminals cross, double-cross and manage to kill one another in rapid succession. The Major falls off the roof of the house after being chased by Louis; Harry is killed by One-Round who thinks Harry has killed Mrs. W after having a change of heart; One-Round tries to shoot Louis and Marcus when he overhears a plan to double-cross him but leaves the gun's safety catch on and is himself killed by Louis; Marcus kills Louis by dislodging his ladder under the tunnel behind the house causing Louis to fall into a passing railway wagon. Before falling into the carriage Louis fires a last shot at Marcus which nearly hits him. Finally, with no-one else left, Marcus himself is struck on the head by a railway signal over the tunnel and drops into another wagon. All the other bodies have been dumped into railway wagons passing behind the house and are now far away. Mrs. Wilberforce is now left alone with the plunder. She goes to the police to return it but they do not believe her story. They humour her, telling her to keep the money. She is puzzled but finally relents and returns home. Along the way, she leaves a banknote of large denomination with a startled starving artist.
A Reckless Romeo	American	comedy	Roscoe Arbuckle	A philandering husband's public flirtation with a beautiful girl—and the resulting brawl with the woman's boyfriend—are captured by a newsreel cameraman. When the husband takes his wife and her mother out to the movies, the footage is shown on-screen. The husband tries to flee the theater, only to be spotted and leaped upon by the woman's boyfriend, treating viewers to two simultaneous fights between the same two men, both on-screen and in the aisle.
Thillu Mullu	Tamil	comedy	Badri	Pasupathy (Shiva) is a carefree man who is unemployed. He lives with his younger sister Kavitha (Monisha) and house maid Senthamarai (Kovai Sarala) who is a part-time black market liquor seller. Kavitha is in love with Pasupathy's close friend Mano (Soori) which Pasupathy is not aware of. Mano indirectly tries to convey that to him to which he does not understand. Pasupathy's maternal uncle (Ilavarasu) is a lawyer and their caretaker since their parents died. Pasupathy loses his house to a bank on a surety crisis which involved his father. Hence he is compelled to settle in a job. Pasupathy's uncle applies for an opening in his friend's mineral water company Classique for marketing head post. He gives many instructions about the owner Sivagurunathan(Prakash Raj) who is an ardent devotee of Murugan and who is against recommendations. Pasupathy manages to get the job by dressing in a simple Gandhian manner, posing as a Murugan devotee and tells he follows very valuable principles written in the book of Sivagurunathan himself which attracts Sivagurunathan. Pasupathy one day lies to his boss that his mother got injured and leaves to watch an IPL match. There he enjoys a lot with his friends by drinking, screaming, cheering, etc. which is seen by Sivagurunathan as he was present on his friend's invite for a business purpose. Sivagurunathan is furious on Pasupathy's behaviour and he captures his activities on mobile. The next day he issues termination order to Pasupathy. To secure his job, Pasupathy lies that Sivagurunathan has actually seen his identical twin brother Ganguly Kandhan, a karate master who has blue eyes unlike his. Sivagurunathan believes him half-heartedly and yet gives him his job again. Sivagurunathan has a daughter Janani (Isha Talwar) who learns everything half baked. Her interest turns to learning self-defense skills and tells her father to appoint a master to teach Karate. Sivagurunathan calls Pasupathy to send his brother for Karate coaching. Pasupathy wears blue contact lens and visits his home and manages to make Sivagurunathan believe he is Ganguly. Pasupathy and Janani had already met when Pasupathy rushed to save Janani from fire, but Janani ended up saving him. Pasupathy is attracted to Janani and he impresses both Janani and her maternal grandmother (Sachu). Sivagurunathan meets a bank officer (Devadarshini) who actually took Pasupathy's house. She tells him that Pasupathy is actually a fraud and she has not met anyone like Ganguly which confuses Sivagurunathan. He appoints a CID officer to follow Pasupathy and find out if he has a brother Ganguly. Pasupathy manages to cheat the officer and make him believe that there are two brothers. But he innocently behaves and submits his and Ganguly's resignation letter to him telling that his mother did not want them to work for a boss who doubts their loyalty. Sivagurunathan says that he would apologise for his doubtful behavior to his mother which creates further trouble for Pasupathy. He rushes home and disguises Senthamarai to act as his mother. Sivagurunathan believes that setup and apologises to Pasupathy's mother. Janani falls for Ganguly and she wants him to find if he loves her and she keeps him a test. She wants him to wish for her birthday on the following Tuesday and she will not tell him that she is going to Dubai. Pasupathy tries to get information from Janani's grandmother. He goes to Sivagurunthan and tells Ganguly has gone to Dubai which angers Sivagurunathan as he doubts that Ganguly has gone to impress his daughter. Pasupathy pretends to say that he will go to Dubai and stop his brother and bring back his daughter to which Sivagurunathan accepts. Sivagurunathan plans to marry off his daughter to Pasupathy against Janani's wishes. Pasupathy goes to Dubai and both propose their love. Mano blackmails Pasupathy into letting him marry Kavitha otherwise he would reveal his double act to Sivagurunathan. Pasupathy, with no other option, arranges for their marriage. Janani leaves her home as she does not want to marry Pasupathy but Ganguly. But upon realising Pasupathy's fraud she angrily beats him. He convinces her by saying all he did is for her sake which cools her. Sivagurunathan misunderstands that Janani is going to marry Ganguly and rushes to stop it but finds that Ganguly is Pasupathy himself. He furiously chases him and Pasupathy runs. In the temple, he bumps into a man (Santhanam) who is being forced to marry a girl against his wishes. They concoct a plan to foll Sivagurunathan. After several chases and runs Pasupathy manages to get the chance to marry Janani, but declines as he does not want to marry Janani against his boss' wishes. Sivagurunathan changes his mind and lets them marry.
Man in the Moon	British	comedy	Basil Dearden	William Blood (More) is a man who appears to be immune to all known diseases, and possesses extraordinary resistance to heat and cold – a fact he puts down to his carefree, single life, never being worried by anything. He makes a living working for medical researchers who are trying to find cures for various diseases and conditions (notably the common cold and seasickness). Blood is offered a job to become the passenger of a high altitude test flight by Dr Davidson (Hordern), but the real job is to become the first man to land on the Moon. The truth is kept from him because of the danger involved. He undertakes training with three other potential astronauts (including Gray), all more qualified for the job but without Blood's extraordinary resistances. Blood never really fits in with the others and, when a £100,000 reward is posted for the first man to land on the Moon, they seek to sabotage his chances and have one of their number selected instead. When Blood meets and falls in love with an attractive stripper named Polly (Field), he begins to lose his immunity.
A.C.O.D.	American	comedy	Stu Zicherman	A content and successful man decides to revisit a former counselor to make sense of his brother's wedding and his parents' extremely messy divorce. When he realizes his life has been personified in a book about children of divorce written by his mediocre counselor, he decides to confront his family about their dysfunctional nature.
The Promotion	American	comedy	Steven Conrad	Doug Stauber is the assistant manager of a branch of Donaldson's, a supermarket chain in Chicago. He believes that he is a shoo-in for manager of a Donaldson's that is scheduled for construction just a few blocks away from his home. Everyday, Doug deals with the pressures of being the assistant manager. Among his ordeals are an unruly gang of teenagers loitering around the parking lot, the overwhelming amount of negative comments on the customer survey cards he collects (nearly all of which are caused by the gang's antics), a foreigner who constantly slaps him over a box of Teddy Grahams, and the rumors about him being a former Junior Olympics medalist in gymnastics. Then one day, Richard Wehlner and his family move in from Quebec, and he becomes assistant manager alongside Doug. Since Richard's arrival, it appears that he has replaced Doug as front-runner for the job. But it soon becomes clear that Richard has disadvantages of his own, such as a past substance abuse problem and a tendency to make inappropriate remarks. In one incident, both men are challenged by the board of directors over a sign posted on the deli section window, citing the deli clerk as Employee of the Month for cutting the cheese. Richard admits being manager on duty when the sign was discovered, and explains that he had not realized that the phrase is derogatory to the American public (claiming that cracking the cheese is what Canadians say). The competition between Doug and Richard causes strain on their respective marriages. Doug is under financial pressure to get the job because he has begun to buy a house that he cannot afford if he is not promoted while his wife Jen ponders on going to night school. Meanwhile, Richard's wife Laurie and daughter leave him to temporarily move to her parents' home in Scotland when she sees he is losing control and reverting to his previous behavioral problems. One day, while helping a customer in the parking lot, Doug is hit on the back of the head by a bottle of Yoo-hoo thrown by one of the gang members. In retaliation, he confronts the gang and sprays one of them with mace. Further worsening the situation is an incident in the break room, where a furious Doug throws some frozen Tater Tots toward the trash can and accidentally hits Richard's hand with one; Richard fakes an injury by wearing a wrist brace at work. Days later, Doug gives an apology speech at a local community explaining his actions during the incident and wins the respect of the community, assuring them that a beautiful day should not be spoiled by a few bad apples. After the meeting, the board of directors, the assistant managers and the community leaders have a brief meeting, wherein Richard inadvertently refers to the gang as black apples, infuriating the head community leader. After several attempts to eliminate each other as competitors, both Doug and Richard, along with another prospect, are summoned by the board of directors for a final interview. Richard's hopes are shattered when it is revealed that a drug test is required, as he has recently smoked marijuana. Shortly after the interview, Doug is given a call by Mitch and notified that he has landed the job, as Richard failed his drug test and the other candidate is too junior-grade for the position. He celebrates by doing cartwheels and backflips while crossing the street – finally confirming the earlier rumor about himself. Meanwhile, after reuniting with his wife, Richard and his family return to Quebec to his old grocery store, where he is reported to have become the store manager after singlehandedly stopping an accidental fire (which is rumored to have been started by Richard himself).
The Big Money	British	comedy	John Paddy Carstairs	Willie (Ian Carmichael) is the bad seed of a family of thieves (James Hayter, Kathleen Harrison and Jill Ireland). One day, he steals a briefcase from a dodgy clergyman (Robert Helpmann), which is full of pound notes. Unfortunately, the notes all have the same serial number! He is seduced by the big money and starts passing the counterfeits, one bill at a time. Much of his need for money is to impress Gloria (Belinda Lee), the pretty barmaid at his local pub. She dreams of the millionaire who will come and give her the good life. Unfortunately, he cannot pass the fake money fast enough to keep up with her wants. When she helps herself to some of the counterfeit money, it gets the attention of the police and the mobsters. It all ends in a free-for-all, between the police, Arabs, and mobsters, in disguise. Finally, she has to decide whether she loves him or his money.
 Yes Man	American	comedy	Peyton Reed	Bank loan officer Carl Allen (Jim Carrey) has become withdrawn since his divorce from his ex-wife Stephanie. He has an increasingly negative outlook on his life and routinely ignores his friends Pete (Bradley Cooper) and Rooney (Danny Masterson). An old colleague, Nick Lane (John Michael Higgins) suggests that he goes to a motivational Yes! seminar with him, which encourages its attendants to seize the opportunity to say Yes!. Carl attends and meets inspirational guru Terrence Bundley (Terence Stamp). Bundley publicly forces a reluctant Carl to promise to answer Yes! to every opportunity, request, or invitation that presents itself. Later, Carl says yes to a homeless man's request and is stranded in Elysian Park. Disillusioned, he hikes to a gas station where he meets Allison (Zooey Deschanel), an unorthodox young woman. She gives him a ride back to his car on her scooter and kisses him before leaving. After this positive experience, Carl feels more optimistic about saying yes. However, he refuses oral sex from his elderly neighbor Tillie (Fionnula Flanagan), and then falls down the stairs and is nearly attacked by a dog. Seeing the repercussions of saying no, he goes back to Tillie and to his surprise enjoys the moment. Carl starts to seize every opportunity that comes his way. He renews his friendships with Pete and Rooney; builds a bond with his boss, Norman; assists Pete's fiancée, Lucy (Sasha Alexander), with her bridal shower; attends Korean language classes; and much more. He earns a corporate promotion at work and, making use of his guitar lessons, plays Third Eye Blind's song Jumper to persuade a man not to commit suicide. Accepting a band flyer outside of a coffee shop, he sees an idiosyncratic band called Munchausen by Proxy; the lead singer is Allison. He is charmed by her quirkiness; she is charmed by his spontaneity and the two begin dating. Carl and Allison meet at the airport for a spontaneous weekend excursion. Having decided to take the first plane out of town, regardless of its destination, they end up in Lincoln, Nebraska, where they bond more. Allison asks Carl to move in with her and he hesitantly agrees. While checking in for the return flight, Carl and Allison are detained by FBI agents who have profiled him as a potential terrorist because he has taken flying lessons, studied Korean, approved a loan to a fertilizer company, met an Iranian, and bought plane tickets at the last minute. Pete, his attorney, travels to Nebraska to explain Carl's odd habits, lessons, and decisions. As she finds out about Carl's motivational covenant, Allison begins to doubt whether his commitment to her was ever sincere. Deciding that she can no longer trust him, Allison leaves Carl and refuses to return his phone calls. Carl's life takes a turn for the worse and he almost forgets about Lucy's shower. He manages to arrange a major surprise shower, set his friend Norm up with Soo-Mi (Vivian Bang), a Korean girl, and Rooney with Tillie. After the party, Carl receives a tearful phone call from Stephanie, whose new boyfriend has walked out on her. When Carl goes to Stephanie's apartment to comfort her, she kisses him and asks him to spend the night with her. After Carl emphatically says no, his luck takes a turn for the worse and he decides to end his commitment to the covenant. Carl goes to the convention center and hides in the backseat of Terrence's convertible so that he can beg to be released from the covenant. Carl emerges as Terrence drives off, and an oncoming vehicle collides with Terrence, resulting in the two being taken to a hospital. After Carl recovers consciousness, Terrence tells Carl that the covenant was not real, but it was merely a starting point to open Carl's mind to other possibilities, not to permanently take away his ability to say no if he needed to. Freed from this restraint, Carl finds Allison teaching a sports-photography lesson and admits that he is not ready to move in with her just yet, but that he genuinely loves her, and they reconcile with a kiss as Allison's students take pictures.
I’m Staying	Russian	comedy	Karen Oganesyan	Dr. Tyrsa treats people with the usual medical methods and is irritated when people want to discuss with him the otherworldly, afterlife and communication with the deceased. The only thing that really can touch his heart is the fate of his only daughter who is unrequitedly in love with her boss. It is because of her that the doctor gets in trouble: as a result of being hit on the head with a bowling ball, he falls into a coma – the state between life and death. From this moment on his views on the world change significantly. Having met other people in the other world who are also in a coma, he becomes more humane, wise and tolerant. This helps him to return to life, protect his daughter from the encroachments of a cynical suitor and help her to find true love.
Main Tera Hero	Bollywood	comedy	David Dhawan	Across a college in Ooty, Sreenath Prasad aka 'Seenu' (Varun Dhawan) fails his final exam by two marks. Eager to get a degree, he kidnaps the professor's daughter during her wedding and demands his professor to give him two more marks in exchange for his daughter. Seenu accidentally lets go of her however while letting his parents in to his house, and his plan fails. Although Seenu's father offers him a job at his auto stand, Seen plans to get a degree at Tift College in Bengaluru. He leaves Ooty on a train headed for Bengaluru. On the train, he beats up a gang harming a group of teenage girls. When Seenu arrives in Bengaluru, a friend of his who lives there reluctantly allows him to stay in his house. Once Seenu arrives in Tift College, he prays to Krishna (Salman Khan's voice) to concentrate on nothing but studies. However once he finishes, he sees a girl named Sunaina (Ileana D'Cruz) and gets attracted to her. He tries to get her attention, but she ignores him constantly. She tells him that she has been forced into marrying a corrupt policeman named Angad Negi (Arunoday Singh) since he tricked her father into shooting Angad's sidekick and friend Peter's (Rajpal Yadav)arm. Angad's men chase Seenu until he beats up two of them and scares away the rest. Seenu goes to Angad to make a truce with him and leave Sunaina, but Angad (believing he cannot do it) gives Seenu a chance to try to woo Sunaina for up to three days. Seenu publicly tells Sunaina he loves her and tells her not to be afraid of Angad and his goons. She gains courage, scares off Angad's men, and falls in love with Seenu. Angad finds Seenu, finds out what happened, and attempts to shoot Seenu, but instead accidentally shoots Peter. The media quickly finds out and Angad gets suspended as a police officer. All seems well until Sunaina is kidnapped and taken away in a helicopter. Seenu learns from Angad that Sunaina will be taken to the mansion of Vikrant Singhal (Anupham Kher), one of Asia's most notorious gangsters. Vikrant's daughter, Ayesha (Nargis Fakhri), was on the Ooty to Bangalore train Seenu was in and was attracted by his impressive fighting skills. She told her father about the experience as well as her interest in marrying him. Angad and Peter told Vikrant's men that in order to get Seenu, they would have to take Sunaina to lure him to their place, forcing Seenu to marry Ayesha. In the second half of the film, Seenu goes to Vikrant's residence in Bangkok, Thailand. He tricks Vikrant and his friend and associate Balli (Saurabh Shukla) into thinking that he wants to marry Ayesha. However, he requests that he is given ten days to get to know Ayesha before the wedding day, which Vikrant initially refuses until Ayesha tells her father to do as Seenu says. Ayesha lets Sunaina wear any of her clothes because she has an extra piece for all of her clothing. Ayesha and Seenu spend the day together; later, Seenu tells Ayesha that she does not love him. When Angad and Peter come later, she then falls in love with Angad through a sheer coincidence. Seenu and Sunaina use Ayesha's love for Angad as a way of solving their problem. Sunaina wears identical clothes to Ayesha; in result, Angad confuses Sunaina for Ayesha, making Ayesha believe that Angad loves her. The plan later fails, though, when Angad realizes this and tricks Ayesha once again into marrying Seenu. Angad is tricked by Seenu and Sunaina into kissing Ayesha, but Vikrant sees this and points his gun at Angad to shoot him, but Ayesha steps in between and stops him saying that she loves Angad. Seeing this, Angad realizes that Ayesha’s love for him is true and that Ayesha is the right girl for him, not Sunaina and decides to marry Ayesha. Vikrant realizes his daughter loves Angad and reluctantly tells Seenu that Ayesha will marry Angad. Seenu pretends to be agonized but celebrates later. Ayesha marries Angad, and Vikrant convinces Sunaina (who is also pretending to hate Seenu) to marry Seenu, by saying that he took 10 days to hatch a plan to bring Ayesha and Angad together, not to get to know Ayesha (not realizing that this is true!) Seenu and Sunaina are back together again.
Jackass 3-D	American	comedy	Jeff Tremaine	Beavis and Butt-head introduced the film by explaining 3D technology. The opening sequence features the cast lining up and then being attacked by various objects in slow-motion. The opening sequence, as well as many of the stunts, were filmed with Phantom high speed cameras which shoot at 1,000 frames per second. Jackass 3D follows the same premise of the previous movies and the television series. It is a compilation of various pranks, stunts and skits, and has no plot. Some of the stunts featured included tether ball being played with a beehive filled with Africanized bees, one of Ehren McGhehey's teeth being pulled out with a Lamborghini Murciélago, using super mighty glue to take off chest hair and much more. The final stunt includes Steve-O being launched in the air while inside a portable toilet (which was achieved by connecting the port-a-potty to bungee cords) filled with excrement. The closing skit is done in a similar fashion as the introduction, but uses explosions as objects are thrown at the cast to the tune of Tchaikovsky's 1812 Overture. After the explosions are finished, the cast members are flushed away by a wave pool. As in the past two Jackass films, comedian Rip Taylor makes an appearance before the credits roll, celebrating the end of the film in overly dramatic fashion. As the ending credits play, a retrospective is shown with clips from the original show along with old photographs of cast and crew set to Weezer's Memories, the film's single. Knoxville's daughter, Madison, is also seen in the ending credits, joining in on the prank fun.
Laburnum Grove	British	comedy	Carol Reed	To rid himself of his sponging relatives a man tells them he is really a forger which causes them to leave. His wife believes he is joking, but he has in fact allowed the truth to slip out and now he is in danger of being arrested.[3]
All Woman	American	comedy	Hobart Henley	As described in a film magazine,[3] Susan Sweeney (Marsh), employed in a doll factory, learns that she has inherited a hotel in a small town in the Adirondacks. Picturing the hotel as resembling the most palatial building she has ever seen, she and two girl friends set out for the new home. Consternation reigns supreme when the young women are taken to a ramshackle building, one-half vacant and the other half decorated with persons in various stages of inebriation. The sight of two motherless children prompts Sue to remain and before long she has transferred the place into a fairly decent hotel. She is able to put the bar out of business, reforms the village drunkard, plays Cupid, and wins the love of Austin Strong (Austin).
Bad Moms	American	comedy	Jon Lucas Scott Moore	Amy Mitchell (Mila Kunis) is a married woman in the Chicago suburbs with two children, Jane (Oona Laurence) and Dylan (Emjay Anthony), who feels overworked and overcommitted. She works as a sales rep for a hip coffee company, prepares healthful, hand-packed lunches for her children, does most of their homework, goes to all of their extracurricular activities, and is active in her school's PTA, run by the domineering Gwendolyn James (Christina Applegate) and her cronies, Stacy (Jada Pinkett Smith) and Vicky (Annie Mumolo). When she catches her husband Mike (David Walton) cheating on her with a camgirl, Amy kicks him out and attempts to keep everything together. After a particularly stressful day, Amy publicly quits the PTA in response to Gwendolyn's overzealous bake sale plans. At a nearby bar, Amy meets Carla (Kathryn Hahn), a laid-back, sexually active single mom, and Kiki (Kristen Bell), a stay-at-home mom of four who adores Amy's dissent from Gwendolyn. Amy and Carla are irritated to discover that Kiki's husband is domineering and expects her to take care of all the kids and the house with no assistance whatsoever, while Amy and Kiki are disturbed at Carla's very hands-off approach to parenting. The trio embark on an all-night bender that inspires Amy to loosen up with her kids: she takes them for rides in Mike's classic car, gets them lunch from Arby's, forces Dylan to fend for himself to prevent him from being lazy and entitled, and takes the overachieving and constantly stressed Jane for a spa day. Amy herself decides to start dating but finds herself inexperienced due to her early marriage and motherhood. She ultimately ends up striking a connection with Jessie (Jay Hernandez), a handsome widower at the school who's had a crush on her. After Amy brings store-bought donut holes to the bake sale, she draws the ire of Gwendolyn, who uses her PTA authority to get Jane benched from the soccer team. Amy is angered, and decides to run for PTA president in opposition to Gwendolyn. A meet-and-greet at Amy's home draws only one visitor, who informs them that Gwendolyn has launched a rival party at her own house, catered by Martha Stewart. In spite of this, the other moms, and Martha, swiftly abandon Gwendolyn's party when it becomes clear that she intends to lecture them all evening, leading to a successful party at Amy's house. Gwendolyn responds by putting drugs in Jane's locker, which gets her kicked out of all extracurricular activities. Jane and Dylan both go to stay with Mike (who has agreed to an amicable divorce) in response to what they see as Amy's failure as a mom. Amy loses her job because her boss refuses to understand her reasons for taking time off. A despondent Amy stays home during the PTA election but is roused into action by Carla and Kiki, who finally stands up to her husband and orders him to deal with everything alone until the meeting is over. At the event, Amy gives an inspiring speech about how all the moms are overworked and that they need to take time off, do fewer and less stressful events, and most importantly, allow themselves to make mistakes. Amy wins by a landslide and eventually winds up comforting a devastated Gwendolyn, who reveals that her life is not perfect like she claims it is and that being in charge of the PTA was her only way to take her anger out on the problems she is facing. Some weeks later, Amy's approach has led to positive changes: Jane has been reinstated to the soccer team and is stressing out less, Dylan is actually applying himself, Kiki makes her husband help out with taking care of their kids, Carla is more responsible and hands-on, and all of the other moms, including Stacy and Vicky, are feeling more energized. Amy herself has gotten her job back with much better compensation after her boss sees how much he had taken her for granted, and she continues to see Jessie. Gwendolyn invites Amy, Carla, and Kiki for a day of fun on her husband's private jet. The ending credits play over the cast interviewing their real-life moms.
Superbad	American	comedy	Greg Mottola	Seth (Jonah Hill) and Evan (Michael Cera) are two high school seniors who lament their virginity and poor social standing. Best friends since childhood, the two are about to go off to different colleges, as Seth did not get accepted into Dartmouth like Evan. After Seth is paired with Jules (Emma Stone) during Home-Ec class, she invites him to a party at her house later that night. Later, their friend Fogell (Christopher Mintz-Plasse) comes up to the two and reveals his plans to obtain a fake ID during lunch. Seth uses this to his advantage and promises to bring alcohol to Jules' party. Meanwhile, Evan runs into his crush Becca (Martha MacIsaac) and he offers to get her some vodka for the party. Fogell's fake ID is met with derision by Seth and Evan, as it states that Fogell's name is simply McLovin. After contemplating their options, Seth decides they have no choice but to have Fogell buy the alcohol with his fake ID. Fogell goes in and successfully buys the alcohol, but is interrupted when a robber enters the store, punches him in the face, and takes money from the cash register. When police officers Slater (Bill Hader) and Michaels (Seth Rogen) arrive to investigate the robbery, Seth and Evan believe that Fogell will be arrested for possessing a fake ID. Inside the store, Slater and Michaels are apparently fooled by Fogell's ID and give him a ride to the party. While arguing over what to do, Seth is hit by a car being driven by Francis (Joe Lo Truglio), who promises to take them to a party he is attending in exchange for them not telling the police. During Fogell's time with the police, they exhibit very irresponsible behavior such as drinking on the job, shooting their firearms at a stop sign, and improper use of their sirens to run red lights. All the while, the three develop a strong friendship. When Seth and Evan arrive at the party, they quickly discover that Francis is not welcome there. Francis is brutally beaten by Mark (Kevin Corrigan), the party host, while Seth fills detergent bottles from the basement with alcohol he finds in the fridge. Just as he is about to leave, Mark angrily confronts him for dancing with his fiancée earlier, who was on her period. Mark also questions Seth as to why he is holding detergent bottles. Mark throws an empty beer bottle at Seth, but it misses and hits someone else, starting a fight between Mark and a few other people. Mark's fiancée is angry at Seth for embarrassing her and calls the police. Seth and Evan escape with the alcohol. After running away, Evan and Seth begin to argue, with Seth angrily asking why Evan is going to Dartmouth when he knew Seth would not get accepted. Evan angrily responds that Seth has been holding him back for years and he does not want to miss out because of him. During the argument, Evan pushes Seth in front of the police cruiser driven by Slater and Michaels. Afraid of losing their jobs, the cops decide to frame Seth and Evan by arresting them, but when Fogell comes out of the car, Evan makes a run for it, and Seth and Fogell escape with the alcohol. While on a bus, a drifter attempts to steal the vodka Becca wanted, causing it to fall out of Evan's hand and break on the floor, after which the trio is kicked off. They run to the party, but on the way, Fogell accidentally clues Seth in on his plans to room with Evan the next year. Hurt, Seth angrily takes the alcohol into the party by himself. At the party, Seth becomes popular and Evan tries to hook up with Becca, but he changes his mind after realizing she is too drunk. Becca drags Evan upstairs to have sex with him, but he refuses and leaves after she vomits next to him on the bed. Back downstairs, Evan gets drunk with a classmate while ranting angrily about girls, and passes out on a couch. Meanwhile, Fogell impresses Nicola (Aviva Farber) and plans to have sex with her upstairs as well. Seth drunkenly attempts to kiss Jules, but she turns him down because she neither drinks nor wants anything to do with Seth while he is drunk. Seth then confesses to Jules his plan to hook up with her while they were both intoxicated and become her boyfriend over the summer before they both departed for college and that he has effectively ruined any chance of that happening. Jules tries to reassure him otherwise, but before she can continue, Seth passes out and accidentally headbutts her, leaving her with a black eye. Slater and Michaels bust the party, quickly shocking Seth awake again, and Seth saves an intoxicated Evan by carrying him out. Fogell's lovemaking only lasts for a moment, before he is interrupted by Slater, who scares Nicola away. Michaels calms down Slater, who is angry at Fogell for ditching them. After they apologize for cock-blocking him, they reconcile and reveal they knew Fogell was not 25 the whole time—they played along, wanting to prove cops can have fun as well. To make it up to Fogell, they pretend to arrest him to boost his social standing, then proceed to drive recklessly and destroy their car with a Molotov cocktail while Fogell shoots it with the cop's firearm. At Evan's house, Seth reveals to Evan that he knew all along that Fogell was Evan's roommate in college after looking at papers Evan had lying around with that information. Evan reveals he did not want to room with Fogell and only did it because he did not want to live with strangers. He then confesses his true brotherly love feelings to Seth who in return shows the same feelings. Seth and Evan patch things up and declare their love for each other. The next morning, they go to the mall to buy stuff for college, where they run into Jules and Becca, and they all reconcile. In the end, Seth takes the escalator downstairs with Jules to buy concealer for her bruise, while Evan and Becca leave to go buy a new comforter to replace the one that Becca accidentally vomited on; signifying that the two will go their separate ways.
The Big Year	American	comedy	David Frankel	The film follows three seasoned birders who each set out to achieve a Big Year. They are Brad Harris (Jack Black), a 36-year-old computer programmer based in Baltimore; Stu Preissler (Steve Martin), founder and CEO of a New York company bearing his name; and a roofing contractor named Kenny Bostick (Owen Wilson), who holds the current Big Year record of 732 birds. Bostick is obsessively possessive of his record, but his third wife Jessica (Rosamund Pike) is concerned; this was supposed to be the year they focused on conceiving a child. She also believes that Bostick's birding obsession is what destroyed his previous marriages.[5] Brad is a skilled birder who can identify nearly any species solely by sound. He hates his job maintaining the operational software of a nuclear power plant in Lansdowne, Pennsylvania. Living with his parents after a failed marriage, an aborted career at Dell, and dropping out of grad school. He hopes that doing a Big Year will give him a sense of purpose and possibly even make his father proud of him.[6] Stu is the founder and CEO of an enormous Manhattan-based chemical conglomerate which he built from the ground up, starting in his garage. After decades of corporate success, he is ready to retire to Colorado with his architect wife. Fear of an empty schedule led him to come back from a previous retirement, but now he wants to leave his company in the hands of his two lieutenants (Kevin Pollak and Joel McHale). The company is in the middle of complicated negotiations to merge with a competitor, so his two anointed successors keep calling him back to New York for important meetings; to some extent he is a prisoner of his own success.[5] A Big Year has been his lifelong dream and he's pursuing it with the full support of his wife. The movie portrays various incidents that take place while the trio compete with each other to achieve the world record of sighting the highest number of birds during the Big Year event. All three birders are coming to understand the cost of their birding obsessions. The Big Year will result in Brad developing a new bond with his parents, and makes Stu's bond with his family even better. On the other hand, Bostick's third marriage will also be on its way to break. Bostick races home from yet another birding trip to keep an important appointment with his wife at a fertility clinic. He is literally at the front door of the clinic when he receives a report of a sighting of a snowy owl, his most coveted and elusive bird. Despite the fact that his wife is waiting inside to have her eggs harvested, fertilized and implanted after undergoing months of hormone injections, he speeds back to the airport and phones in an obviously made-up excuse for his absence. His wife returns alone to their big house, and screams in frustration inside the empty nursery. When Bostick finally returns home after the fruitless search for the snowy owl, she tells him she still loves him but can't be his wife anymore. As the year draws to a close, Stu enjoys his newborn grandson; Brad finds a new relationship with fellow birder Ellie who had just broken up with her boyfriend; and Bostick finally finds the snowy owl that eluded him for a long time, however his obsession of being the best birder in the world cost him his marriage. At the end of the Big Year, Stu and Brad are very close friends. Stu is now happily retired and Brad is happy man with his new girlfriend Ellie who also has an interest in birding. Stu and Brad congratulate each other on a very big year, after each sighting 700+ bird species that year. The Big Year results are published and Stu phones Brad with the news. Bostick is first with 755, a new record; Brad comes in second; Stu is fourth. Brad opines that he got more birds, but we got more everything, as he looks at Ellie, who has come for a weekend visit. Stu smiles, looking at his wife. The film ends with Brad and Ellie cozily birding together on a rocky coastline, while Brad confesses that birding is no longer the biggest part of his life. Stu, contented in retirement, is hiking with his toddler grandson (already enamored by birds) in the Rockies. Bostick is on a birding adventure in China, alone and gazing wistfully at a happy couple walking with their newborn child.
Ay Lav Yu	Turkish	comedy	Sermiyan Midyat	Yusuf Ağa, the landlord of the tiny southeast Anatolian village of Tinne, keeps sending petitions to high level state officials to make the voice of his village heard by the central government. Years ago, Yusuf abandoned his son, İbrahim, in the courtyard of a university so that he could get a good education and become an important man. There, İbrahim was found by Father Hana, who raised him and gave him a good life. Now İbrahim has turned 30, and he returns to his village along with his girlfriend, Jessica. But will the tiny village of Tinne become the new home of İbrahim and Jessica? SYNOPSIS In a forgotten part of the Earth, in a deserted land in this forgotten part, is a simple and lonely village ‘Tinne’. Almost no one knows about its existence, except the beaming Sun maybe. This land is Tinne, that doesn’t even exist on the national map, that has no school, roadway or clinic. No dweller has identification paper over there. ‘Existence’ or ‘nonexistence’ is the one and only question. Its destiny may as well be the victim of its name’s definition in Kurdish language, which means ‘non-existent’. Tinne, a village abandoned to its own destiny in the middle of Mesopotamia, in the Southeast of Turkey, has been intentionally or unintentionally ‘forgotten’ by the government for years. Its inhabitants don’t even have any record in the civil registry. Neither Tinne, nor any of its people exist officially, whereas Yusuf Agha and its whole family have been living in this land for over a century. Even though Yusuf Agha constantly tries to get in touch with the government, he cannot get a reply to any of his letters. Hoping that his son will get a certificate of identification, he decides to leave his newborn son Ibrahim in the courtyard of the college while many others leave theirs in the mosque’s courtyard. Luckily, Priest Hanna who happens to pass by there comes to Ibrahim’s rescue. He adopts him so that he has identification, so that he exists, and by his existence, makes Tinne finally exist. Now-30-year-old Ibrahim returns to his homeland having finished his military service and graduated from college. He is enthusiastically and joyfully welcomed in the village. The only hope for Tinne, the village’s unique source of pride is back, bringing with him the chance for Tinne to start to exist, to become wealthy, to have a school, a roadway, a clinic and to become modern. However, Ibrahim’s heart is left in far away lands. Even though the facts that he received his college degree, that he finished his military service and that he is in love with a girl are greeted with happiness, this whole picture turns into a complete shock with Yusuf Agha hearing the girl’s name: Jessica. So, where is this Jessica from? What family does she belong to? Ibrahim answers: Colorado! The family is completely bewildered. Kolarado??? Ibrahim, while studying Fishery Engineering at the University of Çukurova, met Jessica who worked as an interpreter in America’s military base in Incirlik-Adana and he quickly fell in love with her. She became the reason of his life, so he did for her. They both had a hard time trying to convince their families. For Ibrahim’s family, it is a major issue to travel to the United States from Tinne, considering that they don’t even have identification cards. Finally, Jessica manages to take her father Christopher, her mother Pamela and her brother Danny to Tinne. This is the arrival of America to Tinne, which is not heard of, seen or known by the Turkish government. After this moment, everything becomes a reason for bewilderment and confusion, one after the other. Different cultures, different traditions, different civilizations and different philosophies of life...
French Without Tears	British	comedy	Anthony Asquith	The love affairs of three young Englishmen at a language cramming school in the south of France. Diana, the sister of one of the boys, arrives in town to flirt with all of her brothers' schoolmates.[3]
The Hangover	American	comedy	Todd Phillips	To celebrate his upcoming marriage to Tracy Garner, Doug Billings travels to Las Vegas with his best friends Phil Wenneck, Stuart Stu Price, and Tracy's brother Alan, in Doug's future father-in-law Sid's vintage Mercedes-Benz W111. They spend the night at Caesars Palace, where they relax in their hotel suite before celebrating with a few drinks on the hotel rooftop. The next morning, Phil, Stu, and Alan awaken to find they have no memory of the previous night, and Doug is nowhere to be found. Stu's tooth is in Alan's pocket, their suite is in a state of complete disarray, a tiger is in their bathroom, a chicken is in their living room, and a baby is in the closet, whom Alan names Carlos. They see Doug's mattress impaled on a statue outside of Caesars Palace and when they ask for their Mercedes, the valet delivers an LVPD police cruiser. Using clues to retrace their steps, the trio travel to a hospital where they discover they were drugged with Rohypnol (roofies), causing their memory loss, and that they came to the hospital from a chapel. At the chapel, they learn that Stu married a stripper named Jade, despite being in a long-term relationship with his abusive, domineering girlfriend Melissa. Outside the chapel, the trio is attacked by gangsters saying they are looking for someone. They flee and visit Jade, discovering that she is the mother of the baby, whose real name is Tyler. They are then arrested by the police for stealing the police cruiser. After being told that the Mercedes has been impounded, the trio is released when they unknowingly volunteer to be targets for a taser demonstration. While driving the Mercedes, they discover a naked Chinese man named Leslie Chow in the trunk. Chow jumps out of the trunk, beats the trio up with a crowbar and flees. Alan confesses that he drugged their drinks to ensure they had a good night, believing the drug to be ecstasy. Returning to their suite, they find the boxer Mike Tyson, who orders the trio to return the tiger to his mansion immediately. Stu drugs the tiger with the remaining Rohypnol, and they drive towards Tyson's home in the Mercedes-Benz. However, the tiger awakens midway and attacks them, clawing Phil on the neck and damaging the car's interior. After pushing the car the rest of the way to the mansion, Tyson shows the trio footage of them at his house to help them locate Doug. While driving, their car is intentionally t-boned by a 2009 Cadillac Escalade. The passengers are revealed to be the gangsters from the chapel, and their boss Chow. Chow accuses the trio of kidnapping him and stealing $80,000 that was in his purse. As the trio denies this, Chow tells them he has Doug, and threatens to kill him if his money is not returned. Unable to find Chow's $80,000, Alan, with help from Stu and Jade, uses his knowledge of card counting to win $82,400 playing Blackjack. The next morning, they meet with Chow in the desert and exchange the money, only to find that Doug is the black drug dealer who accidentally sold Alan Rohypnol. With the wedding set to occur in 5 hours, Phil calls Tracy and tells her that they cannot find Doug. When Black Doug mentions that, If you take Roofies, you're more likely to end up on the floor than on the roof, Stu realizes where Doug is. The trio travels back to their hotel where they find a badly sunburned Doug on the roof. Stu, Phil, and Alan had moved him there on his mattress the night before as a practical joke, but forgot where they left him. Doug had thrown his own mattress onto the statue, in an attempt to signal help. Before leaving, Stu makes arrangements to go on a date with Jade the following week. With less than four hours before the wedding and with no flights to L.A. available, the four quickly drive home. Along the way, Doug reveals he has possession of Chow's original $80,000. Despite their late arrival, Doug and Tracy are married, the former learns the damaged Mercedes was a wedding gift, and Stu breaks up with Melissa, having grown tired of her domineering attitude. As the reception ends, Alan finds Stu's digital camera containing photos of the events they cannot remember, and the four agree to look at the pictures together before deleting the evidence of their exploits. All of them, save for Alan, are traumatized by what they see.
School for Randle	British	comedy	John E. Blakeley	Former Music-Hall act 'Flatfoot' Mason (Frank Randle) is caretaker at a school where one of the pupils, and unbeknownst to her, is his daughter, Betty (Terry Randall); who was put up for adoption when his wife died. She is now a teenager and this causes concern, as the staff feel 'Flatfoot' is being over attentive to her. Told to pay her less attention, 'Flatfoot' reluctantly obeys, but Betty thinks he's rejecting her and decides to run away to make her name in show-business. Along with fellow caretakers (Dan Young and Alec Pleon), 'Flatfoot' tracks her down to a seedy cabaret club. In disguise as a Chinese acrobatic troupe, The Three Who Flungs, 'Flatfoot' and friends attempt to persuade Betty to come home.
The Midshipmaid	British	comedy	Albert de Courville	In this comedy with musical interludes, pompous economy expert Sir Percy Newbiggin (Fred Kerr) visits the Naval Fleet in Malta to see what cuts can be made in their expenditure. The officers all fall over themselves to woo his beautiful daughter Celia (Jessie Matthews), who accompanies him: she becomes engaged to the son of the First Sea Lord and her father decides to leave economics to the Navy.
Must Love Dogs	American	comedy	Gary David Goldberg	Sarah Nolan, an attractive 40-year-old divorced preschool teacher, is urged by her family to date more. Although they show her photos of men with whom they want to set her up, Sarah does not seem interested in pursuing any relationships. Jake Anderson, another recent divorcee, finds himself in a similar position; his lawyer, Charlie, wants to set him up with a woman named Sherry. However, Jake would rather focus on creating his handcrafted boats. Sarah's sister Carol visits and they discuss Bob Connor, a parent from school. Sarah is attracted to him but does not want anything complicated. Carol reveals she set up an ad for Sarah on an online dating site, perfectmatch.com, using a picture from Sarah's high school graduation. The description declares she is voluptuous and that her dates must love dogs (Sarah is currently caring for her brother Michael's Newfoundland dog, Mother Teresa, while he goes through his own marital problems). Sarah proceeds to suffer through several disastrous dates with men who cannot stop crying, are criminal, or like girls who are barely legal. Jake is confronted by Sherry at an art gallery; she is curious why he did not call her, but again Jake does not seem interested. Charlie then hands him a printout of Sarah's dating profile and tells Jake he has a date with her the next day at a dog park. The date proves to be awkward: Jake shows up with a borrowed terrier and offends Sarah when he begins to analyze her profile. Even worse, he reveals that the dog is not really his. When she accuses him of being deceptive he points out that the requirement was Must love dogs, not Must own a dog. Sarah leaves abruptly but agrees to see him again. Sarah and Jake go on a dinner date where he asks her why she is not with her husband anymore. She explains that he just stopped loving her and that he was never ready to have children. Sarah acknowledges that her ex-husband is now with a woman fifteen years younger than she with a baby on the way. The date progresses back to Sarah's house where they discover that neither has a condom. They hastily drive around but when they finally find protection neither of them is in the mood. Jake and Charlie are discussing Sarah when he admits that she intrigued him. That night, Jake tries to call Sarah. Meanwhile, Sarah has connected with Bob Connor. She checks to see if Bob is home but discovers he is with June, one of her co-workers. Sarah assumes they are on a date, and while fleeing the scene she drops her wallet. Sarah arrives home to find her brother Michael, who is drunkenly dealing with his own marital problems, and Jake, who has been taking care of him. Jake takes Sarah rowing and they share a kiss. Afterward he takes Michael home while Sarah lights candles and sets the mood. But Bob shows up instead of Jake. He returns her wallet, explains that he and June are not involved, and then kisses Sarah just as Jake gets back. Jake leaves, upset. Around Thanksgiving Sarah calls Bob and they go to a hotel and have sex. In the morning Bob is rude to Sarah and during the drive home Sarah realizes that he really did sleep with June. He admits he didn't tell her because he thought they were good together and didn't want that getting in the way. Meanwhile, Jake is talked into taking Sherry to see Doctor Zhivago. Sarah notices Jake leaving the theater afterward, but while discussing the film with him she notices Sherry and realizes the two of them are on a date. Sarah flees again, and when Sherry asks Jake up to her apartment, he declines and instead walks home. Jake runs into a man named Bill outside a coffee shop, not realizing that this man is Sarah's father. When Jake confesses that he is heartbroken, Bill mentions that he has a daughter who is single but Jake declines. While drinking coffee with Sarah later, Bill quotes something that Jake said to him and Sarah realizes that Jake was talking about her. She heads over to Jake's with Mother Teresa, but he is out on the lake with his boat. When Jake can't hear her yelling from the shore she convinces a girls crew team to take her out to him. Eventually she dives in and swims over to his boat. After climbing in Sarah tells Jake how she feels about him and they kiss. Later, when telling the story of how they met, they mention in unison that they found each other at a dog park.
13 Going on 30	American	comedy	Gary Winick	On May 26, 1987, Jenna Rink, a gawky girl, yearns to be popular, but the only way she can get the ruling clique—the Six Chicks, led by the unkind Lucy Tom-Tom Wyman—to attend her upcoming 13th birthday party is by doing their homework. Jenna's best friend, the geeky boy Matty Flamhaff (with the nickname of Beaver because he looks like the star of Leave It to Beaver), arrives early to the party to give her a bright pink, dream dollhouse that he built for her. He sprinkles his second gift, a packet of glittery magic wishing dust, on its roof. The Six Chicks soon show up with the cutest boys in class and make Jenna play seven minutes in heaven. While Jenna waits, blindfolded, in a dark closet, thinking a popular boy she has a crush on is about to enter, the Six Chicks vanish with all the boys, half the food and Jenna's completed homework. It is Matt who walks into the closet, to Jenna's horror. She locks herself in the closet and cries, wishing to be 30; above her, the glittering wishing dust from the dollhouse gently rains down. The next morning, Jenna awakens in a gleaming Fifth Avenue apartment. Jenna's dream has come true: It is now 2004, and Jenna, at first utterly baffled, particularly by the handsome hunk in her shower, realizes she has magically turned 30 overnight, with no idea of what happened in the intervening 17 years. Jenna discovers that she works for Poise, her favorite fashion magazine. Tough-as-nails Lucy is her co-editor and best friend, but the magazine itself is in serious trouble, having been scooped by a rival magazine named Sparkle so often that the editor-in-chief believes someone inside Poise is tipping them off. Jenna, freaking out like the frightened teen she still is, wants only to find Matty. She gets his address and races down to Greenwich Village where the now-grown Matt (Mark Ruffalo) is a struggling photographer. To her confusion, he is distant and cold, and cannot even fill Jenna on much of her missing past, because she became head of the Six Chicks, and never spoke to Matt again. She even became Prom Queen—and Lucy, her only friend, is actually the original Tom-Tom after plastic surgery. While delighting in her freedom and great clothes, Jenna stumbles through a grown-up world, learning enough of life to advise other 13-year-olds whom she actually prefers to hang with. But her slowly emerging past reveals she was nothing like the sweet, shy girl she had been the day before: this grown-up Jenna stole ideas, refuses to speak to her parents, and has office sex with the husband of a co-worker. After Jenna overhears her supposed best friend Lucy badmouthing her, in a plan to save the magazine behind her back, she decides to fix the sins of the past she cannot remember. She returns to her hometown in New Jersey and weeps in the same basement closet. Her parents find her there, and they hug. She gets back in touch with Matt, gingerly apologizes and hires him to do the photography on her own new plans for Poise, which is a huge break for him. Even though Matt has a fiancée in Chicago who is eager for him to move there, Jenna and Matt begin to fall for each other. Everyone loves Matt's photos and Jenna's new plans to save the magazine, but when Sparkle shows up yet again with this exact material, including Matt's own photographs, and with Lucy as their new head, Poise folds. Outraged, Jenna confronts Lucy for stealing, but Lucy scornfully tells her that Jenna was the one sabotaging her own magazine all along; Lucy merely found out about it and did the same thing. Matt, wounded by what he thought was Jenna's betrayal of him, is getting married the next day. Jenna rushes out to the leafy suburb on his wedding day, hoping to convince Matt that she was not the person she had seemed to be, that he would marry her if he could see who she really was, but Matt, already in his tux, says the past cannot come back and hands Jenna her pink homemade dollhouse, which he had kept all these years. While the wedding begins in the background, Jenna leaves in tears, closing her eyes and clinging to the dollhouse—on which a few bits of wishing dust still remain. When Jenna opens her eyes, she is back in 1987, on that same 13th birthday night with a second chance. This time, when Matt finds her huddled alone in the closet, she kisses him. They run upstairs together, bumping into Tom-Tom on the way; Jenna rips up the homework in Tom-Tom's hands and Jenna and Matt run out of the house, emerging as a wedding couple on the other side of the door, and, as credits roll, they are moving into a bright pink house just like the dollhouse that started it all.
I See Ice	British	comedy	Anthony Kimmins	The farcical adventures of a prop man (George Formby) with a touring ice ballet. Inventing a new sort of candid camera in his spare time, and concealing it in a bow-tie, our hero gets into a mess of trouble when he takes an incriminating photo of an important man; pulls a communication cord; winds up in jail; referees a hockey match; finds himself in a stage show dressed as a cosack; woos an attractive young ice skater (Kay Walsh); and eventually wins a job on a newspaper.[2][3][4]
Witless Protection	American	comedy	Charles Robert Carner	The story centers on Larry Stalder, a small-town deputy who dreams of becoming an FBI agent. He then witnesses what he believes is a kidnapping and rushes to rescue a woman named Madeleine. The kidnappers turn out to be FBI agents assigned to protect her and deliver her to a big Enron-type corruption trial in Chicago. After the misunderstanding is cleared, Larry attempts to deliver Madeleine to the agents and get a commendation letter from them until he discovers that they're corrupted. It's later revealed that they work for Arthur Grimsley, the criminal whom Madeleine is going to testify against, who also dumped her. While spending the night at a motel, Larry and Madeleine are found by the agents and escape. During their journey, they discover that the evidence against Arthur, contained within a disc, was stolen and is inside a safe in Arthur's mansion. After evading capture from Wilford Duvall, Arthur's head of security, they manage to keep the villains off track by faking Madeleine's death. Arriving in Chicago, Larry enters a charity polo match to get invited to a ball at Arthur's mansion. He manages to beat Arthur, who at first denies to invite him to the ball until Larry convinces him otherwise. At the ball, Larry searches for the disc while Madeleine dances with Arthur to distract him. During the search, Larry encounters and defeats Wilford in the display room of the mansion. He then bargains with one of the corrupted FBI agents to let him go, in exchange for the money in the safe. After getting the disc, Larry and Madeleine manage to escape after Arthur easily deduces her identity and holds her hostage, forcing Larry to give him the disc to save Madeleine. It is later revealed that the disc Larry gave to Arthur was a video of him singing his favorite country song. After sending Arthur to prison, Larry is offered to join the FBI but he turns it down. He and Madeleine say goodbye and part ways. Upon returning home, Larry becomes the new town sheriff and celebrates with his girlfriend Connie.
William Comes to Town	British	comedy	Val Guest	William Brown and his gang the Outlaws visit the Prime Minister in Downing Street to demand shorter school hours and better pay for kids. The newspaper publicity caused by their visit lands William and his friends in trouble with their parents. William almost ruins his chances of going to the circus (his parents made him promise to stay out of trouble), but somehow he finally finds his way there.
The Family Tree	Australian	comedy	Vivi Friedman	A mother and wife stricken with memory loss allows a dysfunctional family a second chance at harmony and happiness.
Jeannie	British	comedy	Harold French	Jeannie McLean (Mullen) is a Scottish girl who finds that she has received an inheritance. The film follows her adventures of finding her family castle and being romanced by different men.
Lucky Di Unlucky Story	Punjabi	comedy	Smeep Kang	After Lucky (Gippy Grewal) is taken on a vacation for his birthday by his three friends, Dimpy (Binnu Dhillon), Brar (Jaswinder Bhalla) and Sidhu (Gurpret Ghuggi). A murder takes place and the four friends are the main suspects in their own eyes. Then a funny sequence of events takes place and finally they find out the real killer and the real victim.
Chennai 600028	Tamil	comedy	Venkat Prabhu	The story revolves around two local cricket league teams that compete against each other in local matches and consider each other as sworn enemies. Royapuram Rockers are on top of the chain and keep bashing the Sharks year after year. The heroes of the movie are the Sharks' team. The story begins when Raghu's (Jai) parents move from Royapuram to Visalakshi Thottam, Chennai 600 028. Raghu is a member of the Royapuram Rockers Cricket team, and a college student living with his parents. He has no choice but to move with them although he detests the area. He is not very excited at the prospect of living in the same area as his sworn enemies. Raghu is faithful to his teammates, but they ignore him because of the distance. Angered at being replaced by a new guy in the team in one of the matches, Raghu estranges himself from cricket and the Rockers. Raghu informs of Pazhani's (Nithin Sathya) sister Selvi's (Vijayalakshmi) love for Karthik (Shiva) to him. This incident initiates Raghu's friendship with a few Sharks team players and eventually gets induced into the team. Raghu practices with the Sharks to play against the Rockers in the upcoming Radio Mirchi trophy. Pazhani, who soon comes to know of his sister's and Karthik's love affair is disappointed and then there is a tiff amongst the friends. The team splits up for a while, but Karthik apologizes to Pazhani and they make up. The team is united again and they start practicing for the trophy once again. Unfortunately, Karthik gets stabbed by his brother's enemies and is rendered unfit to play the match. Pazhani replaces Karthik as the captain and the team heads for the match. Under tight pressure and with a nail biting finish, the Sharks finally defeat the Rockers in the semi-finals of the tournament. In the finals they meet their nemesis, a bunch of school kids named Bad Boys-II who practice by bunking school to play cricket on the beach. The kids are really good and the Sharks know it because they have lost to them once before and that too very badly... The movie ends with the team really struggling to keep it up in the game.
The Freshman	American	comedy	Fred C. Newmeyer, Sam Taylor	Harold Lamb (Harold Lloyd), a bright-eyed but naïve young man, enrolls at Tate University. On the train there, he meets Peggy (Jobyna Ralston). They are attracted to each other. Harold decides that the best way to ensure his popularity at school is to emulate his movie idol, The College Hero, down to mimicking a little jig he does before greeting anyone, and taking his nickname, Speedy. However, the College Cad (Brooks Benedict) quickly makes him the butt of an ongoing joke, of which the freshman remains blissfully unaware. Harold thinks he is popular, when in fact he is the laughingstock of the whole school. His only real friend is Peggy, who turns out to be his landlady's daughter. She is described in one of the film's title cards as the kind of girl your mother must have been. He tries out for the football team. The coach (Pat Harmon) is unimpressed, but as Harold has damaged their only practice tackle dummy, the coach uses him in its place. At the end of practice, though, he approves of Harold's enthusiasm (undiminished after repeated tackling). The coach is about to dismiss the freshman when Chet Trask (James Anderson), the captain and star of the team, suggests making him their water boy, while letting him think he has made the squad. Harold is persuaded to host the annual Fall Frolic dance. His tailor is late making his suit; with the dance well underway, it is barely being held together by basting stitches, but Harold puts it on and hopes for the best. During the party, his clothes start to fall apart, despite the efforts of the tailor (hiding in a side room) to effect repairs. When Harold sees the College Cad being too forward with Peggy, working as a hatcheck girl, Harold knocks him down. The incensed Cad then tells him just what everyone really thinks of him. Peggy advises him to stop putting on an act and be himself. Harold is determined to prove himself by getting into the big football game. His chance comes when the other team proves too tough, injuring so many of Tate College's players that the coach runs out of substitutes. Hounded by Harold and warned by the referee that he will forfeit if he cannot come up with another player, the coach reluctantly lets Harold go in. The first few plays are disastrous. Finally, he breaks free and is on his way to winning the game, but, mindful of a referee's prior instruction that he is to stop playing when he hears the whistle, he drops the football just outside the end zone when a non-football whistle sounds. The other team recovers the ball with only a minute left to play. His teammates are disheartened, but Harold rouses them to make a final effort. He chases down the opposing ball carrier, knocks the football loose, scoops it up and runs it all the way back for the winning touchdown as time runs out, which at last earns him the respect and popularity he was after. To top it off, Peggy passes him a note proclaiming her love for him.
Girls Will Be Boys	British	comedy	Marcel Varnel	A young woman dresses up as a boy to fool a wealthy misogynist.
Fukrey Returns	Bollywood	comedy	Mrighdeep Singh Lamba	After their admission in college, Hunny, Choocha and Lali enjoy their life in Delhi. Zafar keeps up with his business. Bholi Punjaban is released after 12 months in prison. She sends her troops to cease the Fukras. The boys are brought up at her place along with Pandits. She asks them about their plan to fool her. As the boys convince her, she gives them one chance and invests some money to open a Lottery Shop. People are given numbers to which they invest some money. Choocha begins to distribute brochures around the city and more people invest. Meanwhile, Minister Babulal Bhatia argues with the CM over the next election and bets him to win. Police around the city conduct raids on drugs and fake lottery shops. After finding out the Fukras' shop, Babulal uses his power to change the lottery number and everyone who invested money are angered. The people gather around to beat them but they escape. They wake up at a construction area and spotted by Pandit. It is here that Choocha comes to know he can see the future. He sees a Tiger in his dream which later attacks them. The group is later caught by Bholi who is angered due to their foolishness, and orders to kill them. But Choocha's ability impresses her and she forgives them. The next morning, Bholi narrates them to find a treasury which they agree if she releases them. Babulal fears that people would get back money so he invites the boys at his residence. Pandit is sent in disguise to keep a check. During a diner, the boys are forced to take an oath to help Babulal with their welfare in return. The next day, the boys take the blame instead of Babulal who misused people's money while Bholi goes to the CM to hand some factory papers related to Babulal and after the boys leave, police arrive and capture Babulal. The boys return to their houses and but feel dejected by their loved ones. They decide to scheme up to earn more money. The next morning, at Pandit's place, Choocha is forced to see a dream where Lali holds a Tiger cub. Meanwhile, Babulal comes to know about Bholi's plan and ambushes her place. But he forgives her murder on the pretext to find a treasury. To do so, Bholi calls Hunny for it who requests a tiger cub which she sold. The boys and Bholi's guards returns at the park where they are joined by Priya and Neetu. They dig a hole and enter a cave where they are spotted by the cub's mother. However, after escaping, they lead to a factory with huge amounts of illegal goods. They find out the products to be worth $400 million. Babulal arrives at the place only to find out that the warehouse actually constains Babulal's trade products. He is angered and orders to banish them but police arrive on the scene. In a flashback, while estimating worth, Zafar called the police knowing Babulal bought this from China. Choocha wills to propose Bholi to which she replies him with a kiss. The police drive away from the scene. Later, the Fukras inaugurate an electronics shop with the products they found in the warehouse.
Popstar	American	comedy	Richard Gabai	Jane Brighton [Alana Austin] is a high school math whiz obsessed with J.D. McQueen [Aaron Carter], a teen music sensation whose parents have sent him back to public high school to improve his declining grades. J.D. risks missing a critical summer tour that could ruin his musical career. To get help with math, he builds a relationship with Jane.
The Extra	Australian	comedy	Kevin Carlin	Jimeoin, in the title role, plays a man obsessed with becoming famous. He is passionate about being a celebrity, but unfortunately he just isn't very talented. After trying to secure roles in myriad productions he finally finds employment as an extra, and what follows is his misadventures as he becomes involved with shady business men, producers and mobsters, all of whom are fixated with show business.
She Wants Me	American	comedy	Rob Margolies	Sam (Josh Gad) is a writer, working on a feature film. His girlfriend, Sammy (Kristen Ruhlin) has been promised the lead role, but the producers want a famous actress. After some problems and the return of Sammy's ex-boyfriend, John (Johnny Messner), the relationship get complicated and they break up. Sam needs to deal with John, who became his friend and roommate, the lack of inspiration to write the film, the new single life and a new girl (Melonie Diaz) who had sex with many men. Although all he wanted was Sammy back.[2]
East Lynne on the Western Front	British	comedy	George Pearson	During the First World War a group of British soldiers serving on the Western Front stage a comic performance of the play East Lynne to entertain their comrades.
One Good Turn	British	comedy	John Paddy Carstairs	Norman lives at Greenwood children's home, south of London, where he grew up. He has stayed on and serves as carer and general dogsbody. He regards the staff and children there as his family, and when Jimmy, one of the boys, sets his heart on a model car he's seen in a shop window, Norman is determined to raise the money to buy it. But he can't afford it on his meagre wages and Matron won't provide the money. On a train trip to Brighton, which he's keen to join because he's never seen the sea, Norman joins in a London to Brighton walking race. He wins, but fails to sell the silver cup he's been awarded to a pawnbroker, wno thinks it's been stolen. At a local fair, he enters a boxing competition. He actually wins, but the crooked promoter cheats him of his winnings. The audience have seen what happened and have a whip-round for him, which raises fifteen shillings. Norman return to the Home, but finds it in a state of siege. The chairman of the trustees is also a crooked property speculator and wants to evict the kids so that a factory can be built on the site. The defenders are successful and the home is saved.
Casanova	American	comedy	Lasse Hallström	A young woman (Helen McCrory) tearfully leaves her son (Eugene Simon) to live with his grandmother and promises to return for him someday. Several years later, in 1753, in Venice, Casanova (Heath Ledger), is notorious for his promiscuity with women, his adventures being represented in puppet theatres around the city. The Doge, (Tim McInnerny) the ruler of the city, is a friend to Casanova, but cannot be too lenient on him as he wishes to avoid trouble with the Church. He warns Casanova to marry soon, or he will be exiled from the city. Casanova gets engaged to Victoria, famous for her virginity, to save himself from exile. Casanova later meets and falls in love with Francesca Bruni (Sienna Miller), who writes illegal feminist books under the pseudonym of a man, Bernardo Guardi, and also argues for women's rights as Dr. Giordano de Padua. Francesca mistakes Casanova's name for Lupo Salvato (Casanova's servant) and Casanova humors her, since she hates the ill-reputed Casanova. Francesca and her mother are heavily in debt, however, so her mother (Lena Olin) pressures her to marry rich Paprizzio (Oliver Platt), from Genoa, a union arranged by her late father. When Paprizzio arrives in Venice, Casanova lies to him and says that the hotel he booked is closed and he persuades him to stay at his house. Casanova also lies and says that he is indeed Bernardo Guardi. While Paprizzio asks his advice on how to impress Francesca, Casanova lures him to stay at home while receiving treatment for weight loss. Casanova visits Francesca, pretending to be Paprizzio and tells her that he lied to her before to make sure she is not in love with someone else and marrying him only for his money. Francesca initially distrusts him but starts gradually to trust him. During the Venetian Carnival, Francesca recognizes the real Paprizzio from his publicity posters which force Casanova to confess his true identity making her angry. Casanova is arrested by the Venetian Inquisition for crimes against sexual morality, such as debauchery, heresy, and fornication with a novice. He saves Francesca by pretending to be Bernardo Guardi, which cools her anger. At his trial, Francesca confesses that she is the real Bernardo Guardi, and both are sentenced to death. Meanwhile, Francesca's mother and the real Paprizzio fall in love. Just as Casanova and Francesca are about to be hanged in the Piazza San Marco, they are saved by an announcement that the Pope gave amnesty to all prisoners who were to be executed on that day, as it was the Pope's birthday. It is later discovered that the Cardinal who gave the announcement was actually an impostor who happens to be Casanova's stepfather, wedded to his long-lost mother who came back for him just as she promised when Casanova was a child. As they all escape on Paprizzio's boat, Francesca's brother, Giovanni (Charlie Cox), stays behind to marry Victoria and to continue Casanova's legendary womanizing. The real Casanova spends the rest of his life as a stage actor touring with his family and the Paprizzios.
Yackety Yack	Australian	comedy	Dave Jones	Maurice is an aspiring film director who talks about movie making with his friends, Steve, Zig and Caroline. He uses his power and edits out any statements that displease him. He asks opinion of a man on the street. Maurice wants to commit suicide and analyses three famous suicides, Mishima, Socrates and Kirilov (a character in The Possessed). Maurice starts murdering the crew on his film before forcing Steve and Zig to assist his suicide.
Just Like Heaven	American	comedy	Mark Waters	Elizabeth Masterson (Witherspoon), a young emergency medicine physician whose work is her whole life, is in a serious car accident while on her way to a blind date. Three months later, David Abbott (Ruffalo), a landscape architect recovering from the sudden death of his wife, moves into the apartment that had been Elizabeth's, after 'discovering' it in what seems to be a fateful happenstance. Elizabeth's spirit begins to appear to David in the apartment with ghostly properties and abilities that make it clear that something is not right. She can suddenly appear and disappear, walk or move through walls and objects, and once takes over his actions. When they meet, they are both surprised, as Elizabeth is still unaware of her recent history and refuses to think she is dead. David tries to have her spirit exorcised from the apartment, but to no avail. Since only David can see and hear her, others think that he is hallucinating and talking to himself. David and Elizabeth begin to bond, as much as that is possible, and he takes her out of town to a beautiful landscaped garden he designed. Elizabeth tells him she senses she has been there before, and in fact, the garden was something she was dreaming of in the opening scenes of the film, where she was awakened by a colleague from cat-napping after working a 26-hour shift in the hospital. Together, assisted by a psychic bookstore clerk, Darryl (Heder), Elizabeth and David find out who she is, what happened to her, and why they are connected. She is not dead, but in a coma, her body being kept on life support at the hospital where she used to work. When David discovers that in accordance with her living will, she will soon be allowed to die, he tries to prevent this by telling Elizabeth's sister, Abby, that he can see her and what the situation involves. One of Elizabeth's young nieces is revealed to be able to sense her presence as well. Abby thinks David is mentally disturbed and drives him out of her house. Desperate, David decides to prevent Elizabeth's death by stealing her from the hospital. He asks his friend/therapist Jack to help him, and Jack is found to be actually Abby's former college boyfriend, who had set up a blind date for David with Elizabeth on the night of the accident - the reason David can see Elizabeth is that they were meant to meet. He then admits to Jack and Elizabeth that he loves her and that is the reason he does not want her to die; he has gotten past the death of his wife. While stealing Elizabeth, they are quickly discovered in the hospital. The security guards find them, pulling Jack away from Elizabeth, but when he is grabbed, her breathing tube is removed. David gets away from the guards a bit longer, but Elizabeth is now dying. David frantically kisses the dying Elizabeth, breathing some air into her lungs, while her spirit begins to fade away. Then, amazingly, her heartbeat returns and she miraculously awakens from the coma. However, the recovered Elizabeth does not remember anything that happened during the coma or any of the events with David, who leaves the hospital in sadness. Sometime later, Elizabeth goes back to her apartment. She is drawn up to the roof of the building, which has been transformed into a beautiful landscaped garden. She finds David there, who has gotten in with a spare key Elizabeth's spirit had shown him. Just as he is about to leave, she asks for her key back. When their hands touch, her memory of the events during her coma are restored, and they kiss.
Old Mother Riley in Business	British	comedy	John Baxter	Old Mother Riley comes to the rescue of local shopkeepers after a ruthless chain, Golden Stores makes its aggressive presence felt. The boisterous Irish washerwoman gives the chain stores boss a push into the river and soon finds herself a wanted woman, donning a nurse's outfit to escape from the hospital in which she is hiding.[2]
Neighbors 2: Sorority Rising	American	comedy	Nicholas Stoller	Two years after the events of the first film, Mac (Seth Rogen) and Kelly (Rose Byrne) are trying to sell their home with the arrival of another baby. A couple, Eric (Sam Richardson) and Jessica Baiers (Abbi Jacobson) are looking to buy; the realtor (Liz Cackowski) tells Mac and Kelly that their house is in escrow for 30 days, so the buyers will check in every now and then to make sure everything is okay. Meanwhile, Mac's friend, Jimmy (Ike Barinholtz), and his once-again wife Paula (Carla Gallo) are also expecting a baby. At the Phi Lambda sorority, Shelby (Chloë Grace Moretz), a freshman, learns that sororities are not allowed to host parties, and can only attend frat parties. Shelby goes to a frat party and meets two other freshmen, Beth (Kiersey Clemons) and Nora (Beanie Feldstein). They are disgusted by the sexist and perverse nature of the party and leave. Bonding over their dissatisfaction, the trio decides to set up a new sorority, Kappa Nu, to host their own parties. Meanwhile, Teddy Sanders (Zac Efron) is at a dinner with his old frat brothers Pete (Dave Franco), Scoonie (Christopher Mintz-Plasse), and Garf (Jerrod Carmichael). Since graduating, they had been successful in their own jobs: Pete is working as an architect and has come out of the closet, Scoonie has launched his own app, and Garf is now a cop. Due to the events from the first film, Teddy now has a criminal record and cannot get a worthwhile job to support himself (having been fired from his job as a shirt model). Since that time, he had continued blaming the Radners' for both the record and the loss of career opportunities. Pete's boyfriend Darren (John Early) then proposes to him, and Pete accepts, leading Pete to ask Teddy to move out, which later escalates into an argument between the two. The following day, the girls try to rent the adjacent house to the Radners', but do not have enough money to pay for it. Teddy, finding an opportunity where he can be valued, offers to help them and suggests a successful way to afford the rent. That night, they throw their first party. Horrified to learn they are a sorority, Mac and Kelly ask Shelby to keep the noise down. Mac and Kelly report them to Dean Gladstone (Lisa Kudrow), but she is unable to intervene since they are an independent sorority and she fears that shutting it down may lead to a public relations nightmare regarding sexism. The couple contact Shelby's father (Kelsey Grammer), but he fails to control the situation. Feeling outraged, the girls constantly haze the Radners. Mac, Kelly, Jimmy, and Paula retaliate by causing a bed bug infestation in the house, resulting in a fumigation just in time for the Baier's visit. The girls plan to raise money by selling weed at the school's tailgate and eliminating all the other competition by getting all the other weed dealers on campus arrested. Teddy strongly objects and the girls vote to kick him out of the house. Spurned, Teddy decides to join forces with the Radners to take down the sorority. They all go to the tailgate event to steal the weed. Teddy distracts the girls while Mac steals their weed supply. Shelby catches Mac, but he manages to escape. As gratitude for Teddy's help, Mac and Kelly allow him to stay at their place until he decides what he wants to do with his life, where he grows closer to them. In retaliation for the tailgate, the girls switch Mac's and Kelly's phone numbers with their own, leading Kelly to become paranoid, and Mac to end up in Sydney, Australia. When he returns, Mac and Kelly find that they have been robbed and the sorority is selling their stuff and has spray-painted Kappa Nu Steals From You in the house. This causes the Baiers to threaten to pull out from the deal, while Mac and Kelly also reflect if they have been good parents. When the realtor of the sorority house reveals the girls are late on their payments, the Baiers give Mac and Kelly a day to get them out of the house. The girls find an eviction notice on their door. With barely any money to support themselves, Shelby says the only way they can win is to abandon their morals and resort to having a basic frat party with more sex appeal. They advertise the party to everyone on campus, leading to more people showing up at the house. Jimmy and Paula sneak into the party while Teddy tries to shut off the power. Teddy gets into the electrical box, but the girls have a backup power source. While Jimmy ends up getting roofied, Shelby enters the Radners' house to cut off their phones. Mac and Teddy chase her to the garage, but get locked inside. They break out by using airbags from an old car. Disgusted by how much they have degraded themselves, Beth and Nora decide to quit the sorority and blame Shelby for the disaster, leading the other girls to leave as well. Mac and Kelly feel sorry for the girls after hearing that Shelby only formed the sorority so she could make friends since back in high school she had none and was constantly bullied and rejected. They also realize that they too are setting a terrible example for their daughter with their behavior in ruining Kappa Nu by trying to evict the girls so they could allow the Baiers to move in to their old home. Relating to her own experience in being rejected through high school, Kelly helps the girls mend their friendship and to go back to what they believe in. The girls then kick the frat boys out and have a more empowering girl party. The success of being the first sorority to throw a party brings girls from Phi Lambda and other sororities who want to pledge for Kappa Nu. By the end of the night, the girls make enough money not only to keep their house, but to give the surplus to Mac and Kelly so they can rent out their house due to overflowing pledges. Mac and Kelly happily agree, as long as they get five money-buckets per month. Paula goes into labor, meanwhile Teddy apologizes to Pete and Darren for his behavior and gets reassurance that he will never lose his best friend. Mac and Kelly's anxiety about their parenthood is also alleviated as they realize they have been good parents all along. Three months later, Teddy is helping Pete get ready to walk down the aisle. Teddy has become a wedding planner for gay couples and enabling him a worthwhile career. Mac and Kelly have now moved into their new home. They bring home their new baby, Mildred, to join Jimmy and Paula with their new son, Jimmy Jr.
Man About Town	American	comedy	Mike Binder	Top Hollywood talent agent, Jack Giamoro (Ben Affleck), seems to have it all: a successful career, a lot of money, a nice car, a beautiful wife, etc. However, while pursuing success, he somehow lost himself and neglected his marriage. He decides to take a journal writing class to do some self-searching. Jack's seemingly perfect world starts to unravel when he learns that his wife, Nina (Rebecca Romijn), is cheating on him with his most important client. Things get worse when Barbi (Bai Ling), an ambitious journalist, steals Jack's journal, which contains secrets that could ruin him personally and professionally. Jack is forced to fight for everything he has worked so hard to achieve and in doing so, he attains the self-insight he was looking for. Ironically, by realizing that there is more to life than work, he begins to focus on what's most important in his life.
Smart People	American	comedy	Noam Murro	Carnegie Mellon English Professor Lawrence Wetherhold (Dennis Quaid) is a widowed parent of his alienated college son, James (Ashton Holmes), overachieving high school daughter, Vanessa (Ellen Page), and sibling to his adopted ne'er-do-well brother, Chuck (Thomas Haden Church) that he cannot evade enough. The professor is bitter, arrogant, self-absorbed and uninterested in his students; this does not help him when he parks illegally on campus, his car is impounded and does not pay his fine before getting to the college impound lot watched by a flunked former student. Lawrence suffers a trauma-induced seizure after falling from the top of a fence in an attempt to retrieve his briefcase from inside his impounded car. In the emergency room, he is treated by Dr. Janet Hartigan (Parker), a former student he does not remember. Lawrence has to figure out a way to get about without being able to operate his car; Chuck is without a place to sleep and a job so Vanessa sets things up for what he characterizes as a win/win situation. Lawrence goes to the hospital for a follow-up, where another doctor tells him Janet had been his student. He meets Janet again outside the hospital as he is leaving and, since Chuck has failed to show up, she offers to take him home. When they arrive, he asks Janet to join him for a face-to-face conversation. She agrees, fulfilling her old student crush on the professor. Vanessa is not pleased, confronting Janet about Lawrence's fragility. At dinner, Lawrence monopolizes the conversation and Janet walks out. Lawrence fakes a visit to the emergency room to see Janet again and the two reconcile for a second date. They get back to Janet's place where they have sex, but while spending the night, Janet is turned off by Lawrence's neediness and worries that he is, in fact, still too distraught by his wife's death. To get rid of him, she feigns being called in by the hospital and does not return any of his subsequent calls. On another night, in the midst of a contentious family Christmas dinner at the Wetherholds', Janet arrives unannounced with a cake. After Chuck gets Vanessa drunk to celebrate her early acceptance into Stanford University, she makes a pass at him, which he rejects. He then moves in part-time with Lawrence's son, James (Ashton Holmes), in his college dormitory. James' girlfriend, Missy (Camille Mana), who is one of his father's students, tells Lawrence that James has had a poem accepted by The New Yorker. In contrast, Lawrence's latest academic tome has been universally rejected. After Vanessa suggests a new title, You Can't Read!, the book is sold to Penguin Group, a large non-academic publisher in New York. To Lawrence's dismay, however, the book is largely re-worked and edited by the publisher and only vaguely resembles his original work. Janet accompanies Lawrence on a trip to New York to meet with the publisher, where she learns she is pregnant with his child. Finding him preoccupied by his book's publishing and an ongoing campaign to become chairman of the English Department, Janet is again upset by Lawrence's self-absorption and breaks up with him without telling him the news. Back in Pittsburgh, Lawrence is confronted by both James and Chuck, who both point to his apparent lack of interest in his children's lives. Encouraged by Chuck, Lawrence goes to the hospital to reconcile with Janet, who reveals her pregnancy. He has meanwhile dropped his bid to become department head and has become a more involved parent and professor. During the end credits, Lawrence and Janet cradle twin babies: one boy and one girl.
The Singing Cop	British	comedy	Arthur B. Woods	A temperamental opera diva arouses official suspicion that she is a spy, secretly gathering classified information to pass to enemy agents. A policeman who happens to be a talented amateur singer is sent undercover to join the opera company and try to find out whether there is any substance to the allegations. Once there, an immediate attraction springs up between the policeman and a female member of the company. But the diva also sets her sights on him and, used to getting what she wants, becomes the bitter rival-in-love of the other singer. The policeman lets his lady friend into his confidence, and the pair set about sleuthing. They finally prove that all the suspicions were justified and the diva is indeed a foreign agent.
Dave Chappelle's Block Party	American	comedy	Michel Gondry	The film follows Chappelle during the summer of 2004, up until September 18, 2004, when he threw a block party on the corner of Quincy Street and Downing Street in the Clinton Hill neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City. The film features nearby sites including the Broken Angel House in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn as well as areas in Fort Greene, Brooklyn and Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn. The film was produced before Chappelle's highly publicized decision to walk away from a $50 million deal to continue his hit Chappelle's Show, and gained prominence after the announcement. He invited several hip hop and neo-soul musical artists to perform at the party, including Kanye West, Mos Def, Jill Scott, Erykah Badu, and The Roots along with The Central State University Marching Band. Lauryn Hill was also scheduled to perform at the party, but since Columbia Records refused to release her songs for use in the production, she decided instead to reunite The Fugees for the occasion. In addition, Chappelle performed comedy monologues and sketches in between the musical acts.
Our Family Wedding	American	comedy	Rick Famuyiwa	Marcus Boyd (Lance Gross), a young African-American, has recently graduated from Columbia Medical School and is headed to Laos for a year to work with Doctors Without Borders. Unbeknownst to their respective parents, Marcus and his fiancee Lucia Ramirez (America Ferrera), who is Mexican-American, have been living together and would like to get married before they both head off to Laos together. Meanwhile, in Los Angeles, Marcus' father Brad (Forest Whitaker) is coming out of a meeting when he sees his car being towed by Miguel (Carlos Mencia), who happens to be Lucia's father. Brad tries unsuccessfully to halt the tow by holding on to the door of his car. Both Miguel and Brad hurl various racially based insults at one another. Brad and Miguel meet later that evening and discover that they will soon be in-laws. Both Marcus' and Lucia's family try to out do one another to make the wedding more African-American or Mexican-American, with comedic results. Lucia has also not told her parents that she recently dropped out of Columbia Law School to volunteer teach at a charter school catering to recent immigrants. This leads Miguel to believe that she will be supporting Marcus as he volunteers as a doctor without pay. When Miguel tells Marcus that he disapproves of him living off his daughter, Lucia says nothing. Marcus feels abandoned, leading to an argument with Lucia about her commitment to their relationship. When Lucia asks Marcus if he no longer wants to get married, he replies he doesn't know, leading her to call off the wedding. She then angrily reveals to her parents the truth about dropping out of law school and living with Marcus for the past few months when Miguel offers to 'toss the ball' and Lucia's mother Sonia refers to it as 'our wedding'. Lucia's sister Isabel (Anjelah Johnson), who disapproved of her sister getting married, makes Lucia and the rest of the family realize that Marcus makes Lucia happy and that race should not matter. Lucia goes to Marcus, they reconcile, and they end up having a wedding that embraces both African and Mexican customs. During the end credits, several pictures of the two families are shown depicting family events, including Isabel's engagement to Harry (Harry Shum Jr.), who is Asian-American.
Footy Legends	Australian	comedy	Khoa Do	Set in Sydney's western suburbs, Footy Legends tells the story of Luc Vu (Anh Do), a young Vietnamese Australian man with an obsession about rugby league football. Out of work and with welfare authorities threatening to take away his little sister (Lisa Saggers), because their parents are dead and Luc is deemed incapable of being a responsible guardian, Luc re-unites his old Yagoona High School footy team—whose members are now facing social problems such as long-term unemployment, drug addictions, the after-effects of teenage parenting—and wins a competition that offers a Holden Ute and a modelling job for Lowes Menswear as its prize. It is mostly comedy which is underpinned with serious social issues affecting western Sydney. The film features Vietnamese-language dialogue between Vu, Anne, and their aged grandfather.
Taxi	American	comedy	Tim Story	Belle Williams (Queen Latifah) is a talented driver and auto mechanic who dreams of driving in NASCAR. As the film opens, she celebrates her last shift as a bicycle courier after earning her taxi license and beating the shop's record with a new delivery record of 13 minutes and 54 seconds. Although in a happy relationship, she occasionally neglects her boyfriend Jesse (Henry Simmons) and has bestowed much love on her custom-built 1999 Ford Crown Victoria taxicab over the past five years. She skips her dinner date, to install a supercharger that was given to her as a present for her last day. The next day, her first customer offers her a $100 tip if she can make it to JFK Airport in fifteen minutes. She makes it in 9 minutes and 28 seconds, while almost getting caught speeding on the freeway and through Manhattan. Meanwhile, a group of beautiful women exit the airport, with a man waiting for them. The action cuts back to New York City where bumbling undercover detective Andrew Andy Washburn (Jimmy Fallon) is about to bust a phone card ring from Cuba. He makes up a street name in Havana, which blows his cover, and a gunfight develops. Washburn's partner is wounded in the arm and the Cubans escape. Trying to follow them in his partner's car, he reverses it into a store, killing the detective's parrot. Back at the precinct station, Washburn's boss Lt. Marta Robbins (Jennifer Esposito) - who is also his former girlfriend that he retains unrequited feelings for, confiscates his driver's license and demotes him indefinitely to foot patrol duty. Later, hearing of a bank robbery, Washburn tries to flag down a car in the middle of a street, causing dozens of civilians and their cars to crash into each other, resulting in a major pileup. He flags down a taxicab, which turns out to be Belle's. He commandeers the car which transforms into the street car from earlier. They arrive at the bank just as the four robbers leave in a BMW. Washburn accidentally shoots out one of Belle's windows and they end up cornering the BMW in an alley. The BMW driver cleverly gives Belle the slip, but as the car passes, she recognizes the occupants as the same models from the airport. Their leader is Vanessa (Gisele Bündchen). In a misunderstanding, police arrive and hold up Belle and Washburn. Belle's cab is impounded as evidence and she is taken in for questioning as a witness to the robbery; she is upset as it means the loss of two weeks' earnings. Washburn promises to get her cab back if she will join him on his beat—thus solving the problem of his confiscated license. Belle and Washburn pursue the robbers, getting close once or twice. Washburn takes Belle to his home. Washburn's mother (Ann-Margret) is constantly drunk and always has a batch of margaritas going in the blender. She brings up embarrassing moments of Washburn's past and talks about why he's such a bad driver. Later, Washburn talks to the impound cop (Patton Oswalt) and eventually convinces him to give him and Belle the cab back. They realize that the gang always robs banks just before the garbage collection is due. The robbers take the money, put it in the trash and the garbage man collects it. However, because of constantly disobeying orders, he is fired. Later that night, Belle teaches him to drive with This Will Be (An Everlasting Love) playing on the radio. They discover the garbage collector on the bank route has been performing collections for the gang because they have kidnapped his wife. They trace the kidnapper and recover the garbage collector's wife and all the loot. The police learn which bank is next to be hit, and they lie in wait for the robbers, who take a hostage. After a hostage swap, the gang escapes with Lt. Robbins as hostage, followed by Washburn and Belle in her cab. Belle calls on the help of her former bike messengers to pinpoint the location of the car. Using the cash from the garbage truck, they pinpoint the operation HQ and negotiate a trade. Belle transforms the cab and during the ensuing chase, they continually try to swap the hostage for the money while driving down the highway. Washburn forces the robbers down a long bridge he knows is under construction. With the robbers trapped on a section of the long bridge, Washburn and Belle laugh victoriously. Enraged, Vanessa fires her gun at them and wounds Belle. Washburn drives Belle to the hospital singing This Will Be (An Everlasting Love). In the final scene, Belle is in NASCAR, fulfilling her dream, sponsored by New York banks. Washburn (recently reinstated back into the NYPD), Lt. Robbins and Washburn's mother attend her first race to cheer her on. Jesse finally proposes to Belle.
Suffering Man's Charity	American	comedy	Alan Cumming	John, an eccentric music teacher, takes in Sebastian, a younger writer, ostensibly in an effort to help him, but is really attracted to him. When Sebastian starts dating a woman and it becomes serious, John starts a fight that ultimately results in Sebastian's accidental death. John then finds the manuscript of Sebastian's surprising, unpublished book and decides to publish it as his own.
The Ladykillers	American	comedy	Ethan Coen, Joel Coen	Mrs. Marva Munson, a strict, religious and elderly widow, meets Professor Goldthwaite Higginson Dorr, a southern classicist and Edgar Allan Poe enthusiast who expresses interest in the room she has for rent and asks to use her root cellar for rehearsals of an early music ensemble he directs, to which she agrees. The fellow musicians in the pretend ensemble are actually a gang of criminals. The band are composed of a dim football player named Lump as the muscle, the overconfident movie effects technician Garth Pancake as the jack of all trades (who suffers from IBS), the crass and sloppy Gawain McSam as their inside man, and the Vietnamese, tough-as-nails General as their tunneling expert (who hides his chain smoking from the disapproving Mrs. Munson by concealing his cigarette in his mouth). The group of criminals plan to dig a tunnel through the exposed wall in the cellar in order to break into the underground vault for a nearby riverboat casino. The dirt they remove is taken out at night and tossed off a bridge onto a garbage barge as it passes below. A series of mishaps threaten to derail their plan, including inside man Gawain losing his janitorial job at the casino, Mrs. Munson's cat Pickles running off with Garth's finger when he accidentally sets a plastic explosive off in his hand, and a visit from the local sheriff. Nonetheless, the group manages to break through the wall of the vault and snatch the loot. Before the group can get away, Mrs. Munson uncovers the plot and tells Dorr to return the money and go with her to church on Sunday, or face the authorities. Dorr attempts to persuade her otherwise, by claiming that the casino's insurance company will replace the money, resulting in each shareholder only losing a single penny. He also claims he will donate a full share of the stolen funds to Bob Jones University, a Bible college which Mrs. Munson admires, but she insists on her judgment. The gang decides they have no choice but to murder her. None of them are eager to kill an old woman so they draw straws. The task falls to Gawain but he fails to go through with it after he realizes Mrs. Munson reminds him of his mother. This starts a fight between Garth and Gawain which results in Gawain being fatally shot with his own gun; the group dumps his body off the bridge onto the trash barge. Garth then attempts to steal the entire sum of money and escape with his girlfriend, Mountain Girl, but the General kills them both with a garotte wire and discards their bodies onto the barge. After drawing lots again, the General is about to kill Mrs. Munson in her sleep, concealing his cigarette in his mouth as per usual. He is suddenly startled by a cuckoo clock, accidentally swallowing his cigarette. In a frenzied search for water, The General trips over Mrs. Munson's cat and falls down the stairs to his death. As Lump and Dorr dispose of The General's body onto the barge, Lump has a change of heart and tells Dorr he wants to do what Mrs. Munson says. When Dorr refuses, Lump attempts to shoot him with a revolver but the chamber is empty; he peers down the barrel and accidentally shoots himself with the round that was in the next chamber, falling off the bridge onto the barge. Dorr, now alone, pauses to admire a passing raven and recite poetry until the raven dislodges the head of a crumbling grotesque on top of the bridge. The head falls, knocking Dorr over the railing, and his cape gets caught on the ironwork and strangles him to death. As the barge passes under the bridge, the fabric tears and he too falls onto it. Finding the stolen money in her basement, Mrs. Munson believes that the criminals have fled and left it behind. She informs the police about the money, but they think she is insane and tell her to keep it; she decides to donate it to Bob Jones. The movie closes by showing Pickles dropping Garth's severed finger onto the barge.
Old Mother Riley, MP	British	comedy	Oswald Mitchell	Concerning Old Mother Riley's fight against her landlord, and as a means of defeating a corrupt politician intent on demolishing her street and the local pub along with it, Mother Riley taking to the soapbox. Local crowds cheer her on, and she finds herself elected to Parliament, and eventually promoted to Cabinet Minister for Strange Affairs.[1][2][3]
Miss March	American	comedy	Zach Cregger, Trevor Moore	The movie begins with Eugene (Zach Cregger) and his best friend Tucker (Trevor Moore) as kids. They sneak into the bedroom closet of Eugene's brother, as he recently acquired a valuable Michael Jordan rookie card. Upon opening the box the card was in, Tucker notices that Eugene's brother has an issue of Playboy. Tucker opens the magazine, instantly becoming obsessed with it. Three weeks later, Tucker's demeanor has changed to that of a hormone driven teenager, despite that he is only 8 years old. Fast forward ten years later, Eugene and Tucker are seniors in high school. Tucker is still a huge fan of the Playboy franchise, while Eugene and his girlfriend of two years, Cindi Whitehall (Raquel Alessi) are public speakers on the subject of abstinence for younger teens. Despite this, in reality, Cindi has other plans, stating that since they have been together for two years, if she is not Eugene's first then they have big problems. They decide to go through with it at the after prom party that Tucker had invited them to. On the day of prom, Tucker tells Eugene that he has the limo booked, which when pulls up, has already picked up Tucker's high school drop-out friend, Phil, who now goes by the MC name of Horsedick.MPEG (Craig Robinson). At the After Prom party, Cindi goes upstairs to prepare, while Tucker takes Eugene into the kitchen and gives him several shots of hard alcohol. As Eugene leaves to go upstairs to meet Cindi, he walks through the wrong door, and falls down the steps into the basement. He is hurt so bad, that he falls into a coma for four years. After Tucker wakes Eugene with a baseball bat, he tells him that Cindi stuck around for a little while, but disappeared shortly thereafter because Eugene was a vegetable. Tucker left Eugene to continue his recovery as Tucker went to work. He came back later to visit Eugene again with the newest edition of Playboy. While discussing where Cindi had vanished to, Tucker happened to stumble across a centerfold in his new issue of none other than Cindi. Tucker devises a plan to go cross country to the Playboy Mansion where there was a party to be held in 3 days for Playboy's annual Birthday bash, where Cindi was sure to be. Tucker left as he had a date with his partner of 13 months, Candace (Molly Stanton), who back in high school seemed to hate Tucker. Later that night, Tucker broke into the hospital while Eugene was asleep, stating they had to leave on their trip now, as opposed to 3 days later, as Tucker had an incident involving Candace and accidentally forgetting she has seizures caused by strobe lights as a side effect of her epilepsy. Starting out on the road trip, the two are attacked by Candace's brother, Rick (Geoff Meed), and his firemen crew, but manage to escape temporarily. Once in Chicago, they meet up with their old friend MPEG, who has become a famous rapper over the four years. They all hop on board his party bus and begin to trek across the country towards the Playboy Mansion. After an argument between Horsedick and Eugene, Tucker and Eugene were both thrown out of the bus in the middle of nowhere, and left to walk the rest of the way. Just as it seemed all hope was lost, a car pulled up with two lesbian women. They make a deal where the boys will drive while the girls are in the back with each other having sex. They make it all the way to the Mansion only to be stopped by bouncers at the door. Moments later, several fire trucks arrived, in search of Tucker. Tucker and Eugene manage to sneak into the mansion dressed in fireman outfits. The two go in separate directions while outside, Candace forces her way into the mansion, followed up by her brother, Rick. Tucker randomly hits on several Playboy models and meets PMOY 2007 Sara Jean Underwood and makes his way to the Grotto. Eugene, in search for Cindi, is suspected of being a stalker and is taken into a secure holding area, but not before being spotted by Cindi. Meanwhile, Tucker runs into Candace and darts back into the mansion, where he is spotted by the firemen. After avoiding the firemen, he tries to hide in the mansion and suddenly finds himself face to face with Hugh Hefner. Hugh and Tucker have a discussion about Tucker's issues, telling Tucker about the first woman he ever fell in love with (who to Tucker's dismay, was not as good looking as the Playboy Bunnies of modern day, and had apparently died at a young age). Hefner tells Tucker that there is a bunny in every woman, and that if Tucker can only see the bunny in those women, that he's on to something. Back in the holding area, Cindi comes in to see Eugene. Eugene seems disgusted to see her, claiming that she left him behind and didn't care about him, and accusing her of sleeping with countless other men. Cindi argues that she did still love him and proves it by telling Eugene that the money she made modeling and being a Playboy Bunny was sent to help pay for Eugene's hospital bills, something Tucker never bothered to mention due to his absent minded nature. Just at that moment, Hef had called to have all stalkers removed from the mansion. Once tossed out on the streets, Candace finally caught up with Tucker. Tucker apologised for his faults and promised to look past hers and Candace decides to give him another chance. At the same token, Eugene runs into Horsedick.MPEG, who promised to rip Eugene's face off. Eugene seems too distracted regardless to find Cindi. After Cindi comes out and reveals that MPEG was born without genitals, his right-hand man realizes that he's never seen MPEG in action with a woman. At that moment, his crew pulls down his pants, showing nothing but two straws where his genitals should be, confirming what Cindi said. MPEG leaves ashamed, and after Eugene and Cindi make up, Hef lets everyone back in. Eugene and Tucker find themselves in the Mansion's kitchen, and Eugene tells Tucker that Cindi is waiting upstairs for him, shades of the situation that started the whole mess in the first place. And just like 4 years previous, Tucker and Eugene take several shots together before Eugene goes upstairs, where he finally has sex with Cindi. In the unrated version, footage show Eugene and Cindi having sex. As going too fast he overexerts himself.
Kunjiramayanam	Malayalam	comedy	Basil Joseph	Kunjiraman (Vineeth Sreenivasan), nephew of Well-done Vasu (Mamukkoya), plans to marry Vasu's daughter Thankamani. All plans are thwarted by Kunjiraman's dim-witted cousin brother Laalu (Dhyan Sreenivasan). To avenge this he goes to Gulf to make money and returns to his hometown Desam. He plans to marry well and before the wedding of Vasu's daughter. Laalu (Dhyan Sreenivasan) secretly plots against Kunjiraman with Kuttan (Aju Varghese), his role model. Kunjiraman gets engaged to other women but all end up in cancellations. Villagers superstitiously believe that it was Kunjiraman's actions that brings the subsequent problems and curses to Desam. Later these issues are solved by a chain of events. Kunjiraman marries Thankamani and both Laalu & Kuttan are left to the short end of stick with their plotting's.
Man of the Moment	British	comedy	Monty Banks	Office worker Mary Briany (Laura La Plante) finds out she is being demoted by the boss she secretly loves in order to make room for his girlfriend. She tries to commit suicide by jumping into the river. Tony Woodward (Douglas Fairbanks, Jr.) is driving by and rescues her, much to her annoyance. He takes her back to his mansion, but he and his butler Godfrey (Donald Calthrop) have great difficulty getting her to behave. Meanwhile, Tony is to be married the next day to childish heiress Vera Barton (Margaret Lockwood). She reveals to Tony's friend Lord Rufus Paul (Claude Hulbert) that she plans to change Tony's lifestyle completely - no more smoking or drinking, among other things. Her millionaire father (Peter Gawthorne) promises his nearly penniless future son-in-law 5000 pounds to pay for a partnership in a company. Later, Mary crashes Tony's bachelor party, dressed in drag in his younger brother's clothes. The next day, Vera and her father find Tony, Mary and his friends passed out on the floor. As a result, Vera breaks off the wedding. With only £300 and deeply in debt, Tony proposes a suicide pact to Mary. They will fly to Monte Carlo to try to win a fortune at the casino. If they lose, they will kill themselves. The first day does not go well. They are ready to jump off a cliff when a gentleman finds them and gives them £20 they didn't know they had won. On their second chance, they split up to gamble. Tony loses, but Mary has an incredible lucky streak and wins a large amount of money. Meanwhile, Vera decides she wants to marry Tony after all. Rufus brings news about Tony's whereabouts and they go to Monte Carlo. Vera embraces Tony before Mary can tell him the good news. Heartbroken, Mary climbs out on the hotel ledge, but Tony finds her and tells her he loves her. (Annoyed at being jilted, Vera decides that she wants to marry a man that no other woman would desire; she picks Rufus.)
Demobbed	Russian	comedy	Roman Kachanov	Three young Russians from very different walks of life involutarily enter the military to escape their past.[1]
Carry on Jatta	Punjabi	comedy	Smeep Kang	Jass (Gippy Grewal) falls in love with Mahie (Mahie Gill) at a friends wedding, but she only wants to marry someone who doesn't have a family and is an orphan like herself because she doesn't want to deal with the nagging and interference of in laws post marriage. So to woo her Jass pretends he's an orphan and she falls in love with him, but when she tells her brother he forces them to marry right away or else he won't agree. So Jass marries Mahie without telling his father Advocate Dhillon (Jaswinder Bhalla), brother Goldy Dhillon (Binnu Dhillon) or his wife Diljit Dhillon (Anshu Sawhney). Now after marriage Jass tells Mahie to find them a place to stay and she finds a sublease room in Jass's own home and that's where the comedy of errors begins. Jass and his best friend Honey (Gurpreet Ghuggi) cook up several plans to confuse Jass's family so Jass can live with his wife Mahie in his own home without his family ever finding out. But in between all this Honey marries his girlfriend Preet (Khushboo Grewal) in secret because his dad Inspector Sikhander Tiwana (B.N. Sharma) won't agree to his marriage but Honey tricks Preet's parents into believing that she's marrying Jass without Jass even knowing it. Hence a madcap comedy of errors ensues and ultimately the outcome is a comically charged climax of marital mix ups.
Artie Lange's Beer League	American	comedy	Frank Sebastiano	Beer League is a comedy about Artie DeVanzo (Artie Lange), an unemployed town drunk who plays softball with his buddies Maz (Ralph Macchio) and Johnny (Jimmy Palumbo) for Ed's Bar and Swill. Their arch-rival is Manganelli Fitness, led by Dennis Manganelli (Anthony DeSando). After the teams brawl during the first game of the year, the town's police chief decides whichever team finishes best in the league that season can still play in the league, and whichever team loses is out for good. Artie lives at home with his mother (Laurie Metcalf) and can never hold a job or a girlfriend for very long. After a night out with his pals, he ends up at a diner for late night food, where he sees old flame Linda Salvo (Cara Buono) out with her friends. Artie abandons his friends and starts some small talk with Linda, which results in a one-night stand. At first Linda is disgusted and annoyed that she let herself fall into another meaningless encounter, but Artie decides to actually try to attempt a more meaningful relationship with her. The Ed's team, traditionally a league doormat, decides to actually practice in an attempt to beat out Manganelli and stay in the league. The regular season is highlighted by Maz's bachelor party and wedding, and Johnny's attempt to bat .700 for the year. The team charges up the standings to qualify for the championship game against the four-time defending champions from Manganelli Fitness. However, 'Dirt', Ed's Bar and Swill's team pitcher, collapses and dies from a heart attack at practice in the days leading up to the championship. After the funeral, the rest of the team drinks heavily in homage to Dirt before they play in the championship game scheduled for that afternoon. Manganelli's team quickly builds a 10–0 lead over their inebriated opponents, and that remains the score heading into the final inning of the game. After two outs, the season rests on Artie's shoulders. Artie proceeds to launch a Manganelli pitch over the fence in left field for a solo home run, an incredibly rare feat that nobody in the league has done since '89. That shot only makes the score 10–1, but Ed's Bar and Swill comes to life and bats around the lineup in the inning, bringing Artie back to the plate, now with the bases loaded and the score 10–6, though still with two outs. Artie hits the ball to right field, where nobody is stationed because Manganelli has his fielders playing the DeVanzo Shift; completely dead-pull. All three baserunners come home, and as the ball is thrown away, Artie races home in an attempt to tie the score. He and Manganelli have a collision at the plate, but Manganelli hangs on to the ball for the final out and a 10–9 victory. After the game ends, however, Artie keeps his vow of not letting Manganelli have the championship trophy, stealing it during the postgame awards ceremony and driving off down Route 3 past Giants Stadium, heading for the Jersey Shore with Linda, talking about other leagues in other towns and how he can still play in them.
Bindlestiffs	American	comedy	Andrew Edison	On a normal day at a private high school, three teenagers, Andrew Edwards, John Woo, and Luke Locktin find themselves suspended from school after graffitiing a bathroom stall, in response to The Catcher in the Rye being banned at the school, a book which Andrew favors. After being suspended for the rest of the week, Andrew calls up Luke and John and tells them of his plan to hit up the city, living a life similar to that of The Catcher in the Rye. Throughout the course of the week many events occur, such as John ending up drunkingly having sex with a homeless woman after finding out that his teacher, whom he was infatuated with, was a lesbian. Andrew hires a prostitute, Caramel, (played by Adelaide Lummis) who has pretend sex with Luke as he gets nervous, but they later have consensual sex later. After deciding to get rid of the homeless woman (who was living with the three in their motel room), they take her to the woods behind their school, where the school security guard, Charlie, who had been tailing them all week, approaches them and shoots the homeless woman to death while startled. John then chases after Charlie, proceeds to beat him up, then tazes him into submission (and possibly death). The three boys have a funeral three weeks later, where Luke reveals his sexual luck, and Andrew reveals he had to perform fellatio for crack he couldn't pay for. After singing a nearly accurate version of Amazing Grace, Andrew and Luke leave John by himself, before he wanders off and the credits roll.
The Girl in the Crowd	British	comedy	Michael Powell	The wife of a bookseller gives advice about picking up woman to her husband's friend (whom she has never met) over the phone. She advises him simply to follow the first pretty woman he sees. Unfortunately, when he takes her advice, she is the girl in the crowd he ends up following, leading to his arrest.
Incident in Shanghai	British	comedy	John Paddy Carstairs	In Shanghai, Madeleine Linden is an unhappy wife who falls in love with wounded pilot Pat Avon, upon whom her husband Brian, the head of the Red Cross, must operate.
Madhura Naranga	Malayalam	comedy	Sugeeth	Jeevan (Kunchacko Boban) and Salim(Biju Menon) are taxi drivers in Gulf. They live in a small apartment which they share with Kumar (Neeraj Madhav). A Sri Lankan Tamil girl Thamara(Parvathy Ratheesh) enters their life and they are forced to accommodate her in their apartment. The events happened in their life is the plot of Madhura Naranga.[1] The Major locations of the film is UAE and Sri Lanka.
Money Back Policy	Malayalam	comedy	Jayaraj Vijay	The film tells the story of Asokan (Sreenivasan), a security in a hotel. Although his surroundings and friends grow, he has a zero growth. He is envious of rich people but he trains his wife (Sarayu) and children to lead a simple life in order to hide his jealous nature. Fortune favours him when he learns that he has inherited a huge sum from his ancestors. He gives up his job to live a lavish life and to make more money. Life changes for Asokan when he meets Rupa (Aiswarya Nambiar), an insurance company advisor.
The Things My Father Never Taught Me	Australian	comedy	Burleigh Smith	Melvin gives dating advice to his three-year-old son. He teaches him to dress well, act with confidence and spend time with the right crowd. The results are disastrous. And then Melvin meets Mary, an attractive single mother, and his womanising skills are put to the test.
Private's Progress	British	comedy	John Boulting	During World War II, the young undergraduate Stanley Windrush (Ian Carmichael), is conscripted into the British Army. Unlike his friend Egan (Peter Jones), Windrush is a most reluctant soldier and struggles through basic training at Gravestone Barracks (Hackney spent the first year of his National Service at Maidstone Barracks[3]). Failing his officer selection board, he is posted to a holding unit, under the command of Major Hitchcock (Terry-Thomas). Most of the soldiers there are malingerers and drop-outs. Windrush is finally posted to train as a Japanese interpreter, where he becomes the prize pupil; he's then contacted by his uncle, Brigadier Tracepurcel (Dennis Price), now a senior officer in the War Office, to join a secret operation known only as Hatrack. He is quickly commissioned and the operation is launched, Windrush becoming an unwitting participant in a scheme ostensibly to recover looted artworks from the Germans, but really to steal them and sell them to two crooked art dealers. Windrush survives the operation, despite being briefly arrested by British forces whilst in German uniform, and is discharged from the army. Tracepurcel and his associate Private Cox (Richard Attenborough) fake their own deaths. Windrush returns to university after the war, and is surprised to receive a visit from Cox, who brings him an attache case. However, Cox is arrested as he leaves, he and Tracepurcel having been tracked as source of a counterfeit copy of one of the artworks. Windrush innocently reveals to the military police the contents of the case—a large sum of money—and is also arrested, assumed to be complicit in the fraud.
Take Away	Australian	comedy	Marc Gracie	Tony Stilano and Trev Spackneys both own, live over and work in adjoining take-away fish and chip shops in Melbourne. Although they have fallen into a habitual rivalry based on a cause long forgotten, the pair unite when the multinational fast-food outlet Burgies unveils a new store directly opposite the twin fish and chips shops. Stilano (portrayed by Vince Colosimo) is an uptight store runner, demanding everything be in order including his drinks- the coldest must always be at the front. Spackneys (played by Stephen Curry), however is the opposite. His chips are made of dirty potatoes and he couldn't care less about health or safety precautions. Both owners are aided by their two romantically linked apprentices. Sonja Stilano (Tony's cousin, played by Rose Byrne) and Dave (played by Nathan Phillips).
High and Dizzy	American	comedy	Hal Roach	The film revolves around a young woman who sleepwalks and the doctor who is attempting to treat her. The climactic scene involves the young woman sleepwalking precariously on the outside ledge of a tall building, anticipating Lloyd's more famous skyscraper-scaling scenes in Safety Last! (1923). A subplot has Lloyd and his friend getting inebriated on homemade liquor and then trying to avoid a prohibition-era policeman who pursues them for being drunk.
While the Sun Shines	British	comedy	Anthony Asquith	Lady Elisabeth Randall is an English Air Force corporal during World War II. She is on her way to marry her fiancé when she finds herself being romanced by two different men. The first man is Colbert, a Frenchman residing in England. The second man is Joe Mulvaney, an American lieutenant. Difficulties ensue as Randall finds that due to these romances both her military career and her impending marriage are in danger.
The Rough House	American	comedy	Roscoe Arbuckle, Buster Keaton	Early morning in the Rough family household and Mr Rough (Arbuckle) falls asleep while smoking and wakes up several minutes later to find his bed on fire. Still in an early morning daze, Rough calmly walks out of his bedroom, through the dining room and into the kitchen, seeing that the only item big enough to carry water is a cup he makes several trips to the bedroom armed with only a cup of water each time to extinguish the fire. Eventually Mrs Rough and her mother discover the fire and call for the delivery boy (Keaton) to fetch the hose and Rough eventually succeeds in putting out the fire after initially squirting everything but the fire. Later, while trying to flirt with Mrs Rough a fight breaks out between the delivery boy and the house cook and they chase each other through the house. Rough eventually throws both of the men out of the house and they are arrested by a passing policeman. Rough's mother in law insists that Rough clean the house before their dinner guests for the evening arrive. Meanwhile at the police station the delivery boy and the cook agree to join the police force in order to avoid being sent to prison. Back at the house Rough makes a complete mess of the dinner, embarrassing his wife and mother in law in the process, culminating in him setting fire to the dinner table after pouring gasoline onto the steak instead of rum. During the chaos, two of the dinner guests sneak away and steal one of Mrs Rough's necklaces, luckily a passing policeman sees the theft, telephones the station for backup and the chief of police sends his two latest recruits: the delivery boy and the cook to deal with the situation. At the house the policeman attempts to arrest the thieves but they make a break for it and hide in the cellar. After their journey to the house is delayed when the delivery boy gets stuck on a fence, the new police recruits eventually arrive at the house just in time to unintentionally stop the fleeing thieves by bumping into them. Mr Rough takes back the necklace and the thieves are taken to jail.
Laughter in Paradise	British	comedy	Mario Zampi	The will of well-known practical joker Henry Russell leaves a fortune of £50,000 on his death to each of his four surviving relatives, all unmarried, provided they first perform prescribed tasks that are completely contrary to their natures. Law-abiding retired army officer Deniston Russell, who writes lurid crime novels under several fictional names, has within a week to get himself arrested and jailed for exactly 28 days. Difficult, snobbish Agnes Russell has to find employment as a domestic servant in a middle-class home, again within a week, and keep her position for a month. Simon Russell, a penniless womanising con man, has to marry the first single woman he speaks to. Timid Herbert Russell has to hold up the bank manager he works for in his office, using a mask and a toy pistol, and obtain the bank keys for two minutes. Deniston is thwarted repeatedly in his attempts, but finally manages to complete his task by smashing a shop window and assaulting a policeman. It costs him his fiancée Elizabeth when he is brought up before the magistrate, Elizabeth's father, but his secretary Sheila reveals her love for him and promises to stand by him. Agnes finds work with the irascible Gordon Webb who, since she is so surly and incompetent, is suspicious of her motives and hires a private detective, Roger Godfrey, to find out what she is up to. The handsome Roger falls in love with Gordon's long-suffering daughter Joan, who is unwilling to marry him as her father depends on her. After Agnes persuades the girl to seize the chance of happiness, Gordon first sacks her and then calls round to take her out to dinner. Though the first single woman Simon speaks to is Frieda, a cigarette girl in a club he frequents, being in search of richer prey he breaks his promise. An attractive but suspiciously available young woman called Lucille scoops him up and, once they are married, reveals that she is the penniless niece of his butler, in whom he unwisely confided. When Herbert finally gathers the nerve to go through with his assignment, he inadvertently foils an actual robbery and becomes a hero, plastered across the front pages of the press. Rewarded with a branch managership, his fellow employee Susan is proud and happy to be his girl. When the executor gathers the four heirs together, he informs them that there is in fact no money left. The whole exercise was Henry's last practical joke. Agnes, Deniston and Herbert burst into laughter. Simon is annoyed at first, until he happens to look out of the window at his conniving and equally unscrupulous wife, who is waiting for him with a bottle of champagne. Then he too joins in the merriment.
The Craic	Australian	comedy	Ted Emery	It's 1988 and two best friends from Ireland (Jimeoin [McKeown], Alan McKee) flee from Belfast after a violent confrontation with Colin (Robert Morgan) of the IRA and illegally enter Australia, finding seasonal work picking fruit at orchards to afford hostels, sustenance and booze costs (but so cash strapped, their whiskey and cokes are made by taking swigs of whiskey and coke, mixing the two on the fly in their mouth), the last often used to dim the two's fear of immigration officers. After some gentle persuasion, Fergus Montague (McKeown) goes on a TV dating game show and wins a trip to Queensland. This, however, occurs just as the pair's apartment is raided by immigration officer Derek Johnson (Nicolas Bell) and Wesley Murray (McKee) is forced to escape and eventually joins his friend in Queensland. Meanwhile, Colin is sent to Australia in a witness protection program after he gives up some of his former colleagues, and (much to the skepticism of his watchers, the S.A.S.) names Fergus and Wesley as terrorists. Irritated by their lack of progress he eventually takes off to find them himself. The two make their way up the coast and become acquainted with backpackers Alice [(Jane Hall)] and Erica (played by Catherine Arena, Jimeoin's real life wife) along the way. After their car overheats and explodes in the outback, the duo narrowly evade Colin, who has finally caught up with them. With the help of a local who calls himself Ron Barassi (Kyle Morrison) the duo make their way to a pub where immigration, the S.A.S. and a police force who discovered their burnt-out car and Colin have all arrived at. As the duo are being carted away, Colin shoots out the windows of the police car and the duo escape once more, running off into the sunset.[1]
Lancashire Luck	British	comedy	Henry Cass	The film is set around the paterfamilias of the Lovejoy family in Lancashire winning a large sum on the pools. With this windfall he buys a small tea-shop in a more upper-class section of their town, and generally lives the high life. His daughter falls in love with an aristocratic visitor to the shop, but her mother stands in her way, until all is happily resolved by the end.
I Now Pronounce You Chuck and Larry	American	comedy	Dennis Dugan	Chuck Levine, a womanizing bachelor, and Larry Valentine, a widower struggling to raise his two children, are two veteran New York City firefighters. During a routine sweep of a burned building, a segment of floor collapses on Chuck, but Larry saves his life. Chuck vows to repay Larry in any way possible. Experiencing an epiphany from the incident, Larry tries to increase his life insurance policy, but he runs into difficulties naming his children as primary beneficiaries. He is told he should remarry so his new spouse can be the primary beneficiary; however, no one specifies whom he has to marry. Inspired by a newspaper article about domestic partnerships, Larry asks Chuck to enter a civil union with him. Although Chuck declines at first, he is reminded of his debt to Larry and finally agrees, entering a domestic partnership and becoming Larry's primary beneficiary in the event of his death. To their dismay, however, investigators arrive to inquire about their abrupt partnership, suspecting fraud. Chuck and Larry decide to enlist the help of lawyer Alex McDonough, who suggests they get married and move in together to prove they are committed; Chuck reluctantly agrees. The pair travel to Niagara Falls in Canada for a quick same sex marriage at a wedding chapel and begin living together. At a gay benefit costume party, the partygoers are confronted by homophobic protesters. Chuck is provoked into punching their leader, and the incident is picked up by the local news. With their apparent homosexuality and marriage revealed, Chuck and Larry are heckled, and their fellow FDNY firefighters refuse to work with them. Their only ally is Fred G. Duncan, an angry, intimidating firefighter who comes out to Chuck. Chuck becomes romantically interested in Alex after the two spend time together, but finds himself unable to get close to her because she thinks he is gay. In another meeting at her apartment, Chuck and Alex are making charm bracelets. They soon kiss, but Alex, still believing Chuck is gay and married, is shocked and immediately distances herself from Chuck. Meanwhile, city agent Clinton Fitzer arrives to investigate the couple, and the strain on both Larry and Chuck causes them to fight. Larry learns about the kiss and confronts Chuck about it, asserting that Chuck's absence is jeopardizing their ability to maintain the ruse of their relationship. During the argument, Larry reveals that he is still in love with his deceased wife, Paula, and Chuck responds that he needs to move on for the sake of his children. Later that evening, a petition circulates to have Chuck and Larry thrown out of the firehouse. Upon discovering it, a hurtful Larry confronts the crew about personal embarrassments on the job that Chuck and Larry helped them overcome. Afterwards, Chuck and Larry apologize to each other and reconcile their differences. Eventually, numerous women publicly testify to having slept with Chuck in the recent past, and the couple is called into court to defend their marriage against charges of fraud. They are defended by Alex, and their fellow firefighters arrive in support, having realized all that Chuck and Larry have done for them over the years. Fitzer interrogates both men, and eventually demands the pair to kiss to prove that their relationship is physical. Before they do so, Chuck and Larry are interrupted by FDNY Captain Phineas J. Tucker, who reveals their marriage to be a sham and that they are both straight. He then offers to be arrested as well, since he knew about the false relationship but failed to report it. This prompts each of the other firefighters to claim a role in the wedding in a show of solidarity. Chuck, Larry, and the other firefighters are sent to jail, but they are quickly released after negotiating a deal to provide photos for an AIDS research benefit calendar, and Chuck and Larry keep their benefits. Two months later, Duncan and Alex's brother, Kevin, are married in Niagara Falls at the same chapel as Chuck and Larry. At the wedding party, Larry moves on from the death of his wife and talks to a new woman, while Alex agrees to a dance with Chuck.
Doctor in Love	British	comedy	Ralph Thomas	Dr Richard Hare is a recently graduated medical intern at St Swithins Hospital. When his new romantic interest, nurse Sally Nightingale, suddenly leaves the hospital, he is devastated. He also leaves after being offered a job in private practice. But when his senior partner, Dr Cardew, has to visit California for a few months, Hare is left in charge. Dr Nicola Barrington joins the practice and Hare is suddenly in love again. The romance doesn't go well, especially when Sally re-appears and takes the job of practice secretary. Nicola is hurt and stalks off. She is replaced by Dr Tony Burke who proceeds to airily order expensive equipment that the practice cannot afford. Hare struggles through various comedic and other complications, mainly steming from Burke's amorous attentions to female patients. After enlisting Sir Lancelot Spratt's assistance to save a young dying boy, he diagnoses Spratt with appendicitis and decides to operate, despite Spratt's loud objections. He objects even more when Dr Burke fills in at the last moment as the anaesthetist. Despite Spratt's vociforous protestations, the operation is a success. Hare in reunited with Nicola and returns to St Swithins.[2]
Eating Out 5: The Open Weekend	American	comedy	Q. Allan Brocka	Zack (Chris Salvatore) and his new boyfriend Benji (Aaron Milo) are setting off to vacation at an all-male resort in Palm Springs, California, with their friend Lily (Harmony Santana). In light of the veritable smorgasbord of available men that are sure to be awaiting their arrival, Benji has proposed that he and Zack open up their relationship, just for the weekend. He is not ready to limit himself sexually and explains that this will be a good way for them to explore together. Zack is less than thrilled with the idea, but he's eager to keep Benji happy and, after all, he likes sex too. At the same time, Zack's ex, Casey (Daniel Skelton), is making his way to the same resort with his hag-in-training, Penny (Lilach Mendelovich). Knowing that Zack will be there with his new boyfriend, Casey immediately goes into panic mode, recruiting his new friend, Peter (Michael Vara), to be his pretend boyfriend for the weekend, proving to Zack that he has had no trouble moving on from their relationship. However, it is not long before all plans go awry, and Benji starts making eyes at Peter, while Zack realizes he might not be as over Casey as he'd thought. With the gay boys otherwise engaged, Lily and Penny are soon locked in combat for the attention of Luis, the resort's sexy bartender, who also happens to be the sole straight man in sight.
The Chance of a Night Time	British	comedy	Herbert Wilcox Ralph Lynn	Bashful lawyer Henry cannot attend his fiancée's birthday party because of a business engagement. However, farcical circumstances find him mistaken for the dance partner of a professional lady hired to entertain a country house party at which his fiancée is a guest.
Exchange Lifeguards (aka Wet and Wild Summer!)	Australian	comedy	Maurice Murphy	A property developer wants to take over an Australian beach for a high rise resort. He sends his son to Australia to check out the situation, posing as an exchange lifeguard. He falls in love with a woman who owns the land his father needs for the development and finds himself sympathising with the locals.
The Adventures of Barry McKenzie	Australian	comedy	Bruce Beresford	Barry 'Bazza' McKenzie (Barry Crocker) travels to England with his aunt Edna Everage (Barry Humphries) to advance his cultural education. Bazza is a young Aussie fond of beer, Bondi and beautiful 'sheilas'. He settles in Earls Court, where his old friend Curly (Paul Bertram) has a flat. He gets drunk, is ripped off, insulted by pretentious Englishmen and exploited by record producers, religious charlatans and a BBC television producer (Peter Cook). He reluctantly leaves England under the orders of his aunt, after exposing himself on television. His final words on the plane home are, I was just starting to like the Poms!
Time After Time	Australian	comedy	Bill Hays	A constantly bickering Anglo-Irish family live in a crumbling 'big house', when their lives are interrupted by the unexpected arrival of a German cousin.[2]
Tu Mera 22 Main Tera 22	Punjabi	comedy	Amit Prasher	The story unfolds in Melbourne, Australia with two spoiled rich brothers and best friends Robby (Amrinder Gill), and Rolly (Honey Singh). Their businessman father is worried about the future of his irresponsible sons so he strikes a deal with them, by throwing the brats out of his house and sending them to Punjab so that they can understand the realities of life and importance of their roots and heritage. The film is about how these two spoiled brothers arrive in Punjab and learn to live with the struggle, whilst being challenged by their father to come up with Rs.30 lakhs in 30 days in order to inherit his wealth. Otherwise the wealth would be transferred to charity which would be maintained by their father's secretary.
The Truth About Women	British	comedy	Muriel Box	When his son-in-law comes to him with a woeful tale of an unhappy relationship and a belief that all women are impossible to love, elderly Sir Humphrey Tavistock calmly puts him straight. Tavistock regales him with decades-old anecdotes of found lovers and lost love. We meet in flashback the free-thinking Ambrosine Viney, an independent woman ahead of her time, and the sophisticated Louise Tiere, a diplomat's wife. There are others as well, including one whom Tavistock adores and marries, only to lose her forever during childbirth.
Barney Oldfield's Race for a Life	American	comedy	Mack Sennett	Barney Oldfield races a speeding locomotive to rescue a damsel in distress tied up on the tracks by evil villain Ford Sterling.
Bad Eggs	Australian	comedy	Tony Martin	A Magistrate named Poulgrain takes his own life in an exhaust fume-filled car but in his death-throes, he releases the hand-brake whereupon his car rolls down the road all the way into the middle of a busy shopping centre where a pair of over-zealous detectives empty their firearms into his corpse. Disgraced, the two detectives, Ben Kinnear and his best mate Mike Paddock-both members of the much-hyped Zero Tolerance Unit (ZTU), are demoted back to uniform duties. Things get worse when they pay a visit to the Magistrate's widow Eleanor and accidentally burn her house down. Things become more complicated when Julie Bale, a journalist and a former police-officer and onetime partner of Kinnear's, is arrested on a charge of blackmailing the Magistrate. Kinnear starts to smell a rat when he discovers that a computer disc was found in the dead man's car but was tampered with by persons unknown. Kinnear's boss Gillespie questions the two detectives in charge of the Poulgrain case, Wicks & Pendlebury as to what happened to the original disc. Without warning, Wicks shoots dead Gillespie and Pendlebury and then deliberately wounds himself, re-arranging the crime scene to make it appear Pendlebury fired first. Kinnear and Paddock are both suspended from duty by newly returned ZTU chief Ted Pratt. But with the assistance of IT-operator Northey, they break into the police data-base unit and copy the original file. But Pratt and Wicks confront them before they can leave the building and it turns out that the file has been altered, now implicating Kinnear in corrupt activities. Kinnear and Paddock narrowly escape an assassination attempt when the latter's house is blown up by explosives set by Wicks. The two detectives are captured by Wicks & his cronies and are then confronted by Pratt, now revealed to be the ringleader of the ZTU corruption. It is now clear that Julie Bale is innocent, having been used as a convenient scapegoat because of her journalistic enquiries into the corruption allegations. It is also revealed that Poulgrain was involved in the corruption ring but, having gotten cold feet, had threatened to go public so Pratt had blackmailed him into committing suicide. Rescued by Northey, Kinnear and Paddock pursue their last option, going to the Premier of Victoria Lionel Cray. However whilst waiting outside his office, Kinnear eavesdrops on a phone-call between Cray and Pratt, revealing that even the Premier is up to his neck in corruption. Having recorded the phone-call, they kidnap Cray and take him to a deserted road outside of Melbourne, offering to exchange him for Bale who has been abducted by Pratt. In a tense stand-off, Pratt's plan to kill Kinnear, Paddock and Northey after getting the Premier back is foiled when, in a pre-arranged signal, Bale grabs a concealed gun attached to Cray and holds it to his head whilst Paddock aims an assault-rifle at Pratt & Wicks and their mini-van filled with heavily armed officers. Pratt surrenders and he and his cronies, along with Premier Cray, are all arrested for corruption. Kinnear and Paddock are re-instated and promoted and the former's old romance with Bale is re-ignited.
Lassie from Lancashire	British	comedy	John Paddy Carstairs	Struggling young actress Jenny (Marjorie Browne) joins her dad (Mark Daly) when he moves into Aunt Hetty's (Elsie Wagstaff) boarding house. Aunt Hetty overworks them, but Jenny is lucky enough to find love in the form of aspiring songwriter Tom (Hal Thompson). But their romance is threatened and nearly destroyed by the jealous star actress of the local pantomime company. However, the young lovers move on to bigger and better things after winning a London West End theatre contract.
Ankhon Dekhi	Bollywood	comedy	Rajat Kapoor	Rajesh Bauji (Sanjay Mishra) is a man in his late 50s, living a dreary but eventful life in a small house in old Delhi with his extended family. The movie starts with Babuji narrating his dream where he sees himself flying like a bird free from all the worldly affairs. A random incident is going to change his life in a dramatic way, though he does not realise it at the moment. Bauji's daughter has been seeing a boy of ill repute. When that fact is revealed to the family, after much deliberation they decide to lock up the girl and go beat the willful boy. When they confront the boy, to Babuji he seems like a very nice person. This event radically changes his life — he decides that he will believe only what he can see, hence the title Ankhon Dekhi. After a while he refuses to worship god and treats prasad as just another sweet. He is working as a travel agent and refuses to book tickets to Amsterdam as he has never seen Amsterdam. To uphold his ideals, he quits his job. He resorts to a very idealistic mode and takes things to extreme levels to explore his theory. At first his neighbours consider him a lunatic old man, but over time they start admiring his logical reasoning and start following him. Once while intervening in a petty loan issue with a loan shark, he refuses to believe the bad reputation of the shark. He concludes that he is a good person, based on his observation. He forms a rapport with the loan shark and is recruited by him in his illegal gambling den. His followers join. He gives consent to his daughter's marriage to the boy she loves and almost sorts out the emotional issues with his estranged brother. Now free from all responsibility, he leads a life where there are almost no blind spots and a lot of clarity. He takes his wife for a vacation. While chatting he narrates to his wife that he feels very light, like a bird flying in free skies. His wife jokes about his experience, inadvertently challenging his own theory that he doesn't know how a bird actually flies. In the middle of the night he walks towards a cliff. Babuji narrates his dream (as in the beginning of the story). He has yet to experience flying. As the film ends, Bauji is seen flying down a cliff.
Drillbit Taylor	American	comedy	Steven Brill	On the first day of high school, Wade and Ryan witness two bullies, Filkins and Ronnie, attack a geek, Emmit, by stuffing him into his locker. Wade intervenes. Filkins and Ronnie begin endlessly targeting Wade, Ryan and Emmit. Emmit also befriends the duo, much to Ryan's dismay. Wade suggests hiring a bodyguard. They place an ad on the Internet, and after a series of disturbing interviews with ex-cons and hired guns, they end up selecting Drillbit Taylor (Owen Wilson). Drillbit pretends to be a martial arts expert and mercenary, but is really a homeless beggar. His real intention of becoming their bodyguard was to rob them and use the money to buy a ticket to Canada. Drillbit tells the boys to find some common interests and become friends with Filkins and Ronnie. Ryan challenges Filkins to a rap battle, but gets carried away and ends up humiliating Filkins. As an angry Filkins, alongside Ronnie, ambushes Wade, Ryan, and Emmit. The boys try using a tactic Drillbit taught them, but it ultimately fails. The boys are furious with Drillbit's teachings. But they decide to bring him to school as a substitute teacher, and in that capacity he is able to protect them. While there, Drillbit meets a teacher, Lisa Zachey (Leslie Mann), and they start a sexual relationship. One morning as his mother is driving him to school, Ronnie sees Drillbit taking a shower at the beach; his mother reveals that he is homeless. Ronnie tells Filkins and Filkins finds the boys and punches Drillbit. Later on, at Wade's house, they catch Drillbit's homeless friends stealing everything in sight, leaving the house completely empty. Drillbit confesses that his real name is Bob and he went AWOL from the U.S. Army and his name was drillbit because he hurt his pinky in high school with a drillbit. The boys fire Drillbit, who later recovers all of Wade's possessions and places them back before Wade's parents return home. Unfortunately, the boys accidentally let slip about Drillbit. Their parents take things up with the principal, who contacts the police. Filkins plays innocent and charms all the adults; Filkins continues to ridicule the boys after Drillbit's disappearance. Tensions finally burst when Filkins interrupts Wade's attempt to ask his crush, Brooke Nguyen, out. Without realizing what he was doing, Wade challenges Filkins to a fight. After Ryan insults Emmit, he refuses to help them. Wade and Ryan arrive at Filkins' house, where he is hosting a party; initially the duo knock him down, but he soon overpowers them. Ronnie shows up to help Filkins against them. Emmit, who has a change of heart, comes to their aid and for a while causes quite a lot of pain to Filkins, and almost defeats him; but Ronnie knocks him out while he is trying to break Filkins' leg. Drillbit shows up and Filkins punches him. Drillbit refuses to fight back until it is revealed Filkins is not a minor (he's 18, therefore, he's not really emancipated). Upon learning this, Drillbit quickly begins fighting and cleans Filkins' clock within seconds. He is about to attack Ronnie, but he is spared when he reveals he's only 17. Within minutes, the police arrive and Drillbit flees for fear of prosecution. Filkins wakes up and throws a samurai sword at the boys, but Drillbit catches it. He saves them, at the cost of half of his pinkie finger in the process. Filkins is arrested and shipped off to Hong Kong to be with his parents as an alternative to being sent to prison for the attempted murder of the three boys with the sword, along with his breaking many underage drinking laws; another condition of house arrest, as opposed to prison, is that he is to never attempt to make any sort of contact with Wade, Ryan and Emmit ever again. Ronnie reveals that he had been bullied by Filkins into being his accomplice when the police interview him, and is cleared of any wrongdoing. Wade, with renewed confidence, asks Brooke out and she accepts, while Ryan finally accepts Emmit, and declares him a friend. Drillbit is taken to jail, but ends up being released within three weeks. He is reunited with Lisa and the boys. In a post-credits scene, Drillbit is revealed to have become a school nurse and asks a kid with a bloody nose if he needs a bodyguard.
Almost a Gentleman	British	comedy	Oswald Mitchell	A night watchman is mistaken for a wealthy financier.
Old Mother Riley Headmistress	British	comedy	John Harlow	Daughter Kitty is sacked from her job as music teacher at an exclusive girls school, but Mother Riley unexpectedly comes into an inheritance, and decides to buy the girls finishing school and give Kitty her job back. Mother Riley soon establishes herself as headmistress at St. Mildred's School for Young Ladies, and throws herself into her new role with vigour, whether it's taking P.E. lessons, brazenly cheating on Sports Day, or confronting the haunted school piano.[1][2]
A French Mistress	British	comedy	Roy Boulting	A young French woman, Madaleine Lafarge (Laurent), is appointed as a French teacher at a rather old-fashioned English public school which is not used to women teachers. She causes a stir and complications ensue. A romance develops between her and the headmaster's son (Bannen) who is also a teacher at the school. The headmaster (Parker) is concerned as he comes to believe that she is really his daughter, from an affair he had during a holiday in France in his youth. He attempts to stop the romance by sacking her so that she will go back to France, but the boys go on strike and nearly riot. It transpires at the end that there has been a misunderstanding, which means that she cannot be his daughter. This is basically a rather lightweight British comedy film typical of its time, with a cast of veteran British character actors, although with a slightly prurient touch.
Moonshine	American	comedy	Unknown	Set in the Virginia Hills, Fatty and Buster play revenue agents tasked with hunting down bootleggers and bringing them to justice. The duo, aided by dozens of volunteers (all of whom somehow manage to fit inside Buster's small car) set off to track down the bootlegers. Fatty and Buster get separated from the group and take a tumble down a hill which leave Fatty's pants dirty. After Fatty washes his pants in a river (while Buster is wearing them) and leaves them to dry in a tree, he meets Alice (Alice Lake), the daughter of Jud Grew (Dudley) the head bootlegger with whom he develops a romance. After fighting another bootlegger who is madly in love with Alice (St John) Fatty reunites with Buster and the two stumble across the bootlegger's storage space where they find a stash of illegal moonshine. Fatty is ambushed and taken away by the bootlegger but Buster gets away and dispatches of the love rival bootlegger by pushing him off a cliff. Fatty is taken back to the bootlegger's hideout where, taking inspiration from The Count of Monte Cristo by Alexandre Dumas, he escapes by pretending to be dead so that the bootleggers will throw him into the river, after being thrown into the water he floats downstream before swimming to shore where he reunites with Buster. The two make a plan to rescue Alice and to take down the bootlegger but realize that their band of volunteers is nowhere to be found. The love rival bootlegger from earlier sneaks up on them, knocks out Keaton and with help from his fellow bootleggers takes Arbuckle to a cabin and lights the fuse to a bomb inside. The cabin explodes but Arbuckle breaks the fourth wall by having the camera wound backwards so that the cabin reassembles itself and he emerges totally unharmed. Arbuckle takes out the love rival bootlegger by using a gun that he has modified so that it can shoot around corners and Buster dispatches of the remaining bootleggers except for the leader. The leader proclaims that Fatty has proven himself worthy and gives him his blessing to marry Alice but Fatty immediately refuses, revealing that he already has a wife. Buster agrees to marry Alice instead and Fatty sets off down the hills towards his next adventure.
Good Morning, Boys	British	comedy	Marcel Varnel	Will Hay plays the roguish headmaster, Dr Twist, of a dubious boarding school for boys. Twist bets on the horses with his pupils and teaches them little. Colonel Willoughby-Gore attempts to sack the incompetent Twist but is foiled when he and his boys, after fraudulently gaining resounding success in a French examination, are invited to Paris by the French ministry of education. In Paris they become involved with a gang of criminals, including escaped convict Arty Jones, father of one of the boys, and Yvette, a night club singer, who are attempting to steal the Mona Lisa from the Louvre and replace it with a duplicate.
G.B.F.	American	comedy	Darren Stein	Tanner Daniels (Michael J. Willett) and Brent Van Camp (Paul Iacono) are two closeted teenage high school students. Their school, North Gateway High in suburban New Jersey, is dominated by three feuding cliques respectively led by the three most popular girls in school: Fawcett Brooks (Sasha Pieterse), Caprice Winters (Xosha Roquemore), and 'Shley Osgood (Andrea Bowen). Brent hatches a plan to out himself at prom, which will make him the most popular boy at school since the latest trend in teen girl magazines is a G.B.F. – a gay best friend. Meanwhile, Soledad Braunstein (Joanna JoJo Levesque) is told by teacher Ms. Hoegel (Natasha Lyonne) that their Gay-Straight Alliance cannot exist if there is not a gay student in the club. Fawcett helps Soledad track down any potential gay students in the school by downloading a hook-up app for gay men. Brent previously persuaded Tanner to download the app on his phone and Soledad and her friends track Tanner down, forcing him to come out in front of the whole school. This attracts the attention of Fawcett, 'Shley, and Caprice, who all believe having a G.B.F. will secure their bid for prom queen. Angry, Tanner confronts Brent for not also coming out and harshly outs Brent in front of his overbearing mother Mrs. van Camp (Megan Mullally) as revenge. Tanner quickly regrets it but Brent is no longer speaking to him and he reluctantly agrees to be friends with Fawcett, Caprice, and 'Shley, as the three girls protect him from homophobic bullying led by Fawcett's ex-boyfriend Hamilton (Brock Harris). However, the girls express their disappointment that Tanner is not like the stereotypical gay men they have seen on TV and make him over to their liking. Brent is annoyed at all the attention Tanner is getting, especially since Tanner has become nominated for Prom King. Likewise, 'Shley's conservative best friend McKenzie Pryce (Evanna Lynch) tries to persuade 'Shley that homosexuality is sinful. At a party, Caprice sets Tanner up with Christian, a gay friend of hers, who is willing to be his prom date, but McKenzie refuses to allow Tanner to buy a couple's prom ticket, insisting they are only for male and female couples. Tanner agrees to join Soledad's GSA since she is the only one willing to help him fight the school policy and chastizes Fawcett, 'Shley, and Caprice for only caring about him when it benefits them. Chagrined, Fawcett also joins the GSA, but Ms. Hoegel quickly sees that Tanner is being used by the girls as a prize. Fawcett offers to hold an alternate prom, which pleases Tanner but enrages Caprice, who is annoyed that Tanner is endorsing Fawcett. Brent, believing that he is Tanner's prom date, is disappointed to learn that Tanner is going with Christian. He teams up with Caprice who plans on being queen of the school endorsed prom and offers to let him be her king. Meanwhile, Tanner and Brent's old friend group, Sophie (Molly Tarlov), and Glenn (Derek Mio), confront them and reveals how they are being used as tools, and Tanner asks Fawcett if this is true. Fawcett admits that she was but she now does consider him her real friend. She also tells Tanner she created the second prom to win since most of the school dislikes her. Tanner agrees to help her win prom queen after hearing this. Meanwhile, Brent manages the publicity department for the school-sanctioned prom, and uses explicitly anti-gay posters. The principal cancels the school prom due to the ensuing public backlash and supports the alternate prom. Tanner and Fawcett win prom king and queen and Tanner makes a speech at the dance, saying that he is tired of being seen as an object or a symbol and apologizes to his true friends for dumping them. Tanner dances with Brent and they make up, although they decide to stay friends instead of being romantically involved and risk a friendship that is already sturdy in its own right.
A Run for Your Money	British	comedy	Charles Frend	Two Welsh coal miners from (fictional) Hafoduwchbenceubwllymarchogcoch, David 'Dai Number 9' Jones (Donald Houston) and Thomas 'Twm' Jones (Meredith Edwards), win a contest run by the Echo newspaper. The prize is 100 pounds each, plus the best seats for an important rugby union match between England and Wales at Twickenham. For the naive Welshmen, this is their first trip to England. They are supposed to be met at Paddington station by Whimple (Alec Guinness), a gardening columnist on the paper, but nobody told them. Then the two miners become separated when Dai is picked up by attractive con artist Jo (Moira Lister) after she overhears them talking about the prize money. At Jo's suggestion, she and Dai go to the newspaper to collect the money. The editor makes Whimple responsible for showing Dai around, but Jo soon manages to lose him. Whimple hears about Jo's criminal methods from a fellow reporter and runs out in search of them. As they spend time together, Dai begins to fall in love with Jo, though he already has a girlfriend back in Wales: Bronwen, the boss's secretary. Meanwhile, Twm recognizes a familiar face: Huw Price (Hugh Griffith), a down-on-his-luck harpist and traditional Chief Singer with whom he had once won the grand prize at an important Welsh music festival. They go looking for Dai (between drinks at various pubs). By the time they arrive at the Echo to collect Twm's share of the prize, they're sopping drunk. Not knowing who Twm is, the editor has the pair kicked out. Eventually, Twm and Huw give up and go to the rugby match, getting there just as it ends (Wales wins). There, they meet up with Whimple. Jo takes Dai shopping for a diamond ring for Bronwen; her confederate Barney (Leslie Perrins) tries to cheat him, but Dai changes his mind about which ring he wants and ends up getting a fair deal. Jo takes him back to her flat so Barney can sneak in and steal Dai's money. Dai proposes that she move to Wales and offers to give her money to pay for the fare, but then he remembers Bronwen and changes his mind. Disappointed more than she expected, she steals his money. Just then, Whimple shows up and tells Dai the truth about the woman, but she runs off. A chase ensues. Dai gets Jo's purse, with the money in it, and runs to catch the train back to Wales, where he is reunited with Twm and Huw. Jo and Barney bring a policeman and accuse Dai of being a thief; to avoid trouble, Dai gives back the purse. As the train pulls out though, Jo throws him back his money, much to Barney's disgust.
Lazybones	British	comedy	Michael Powell	Sir Reginald Ford (Ian Hunter), known as Lazybones, is an idle baronet. He hasn't a care in the world, although he doesn't have any money either. His brother and sister introduce him to Kitty McCarthy (Claire Luce), an American heiress, in the hope that he'll marry her and so gain access to her fortune which will help out his family. Kitty's cousin Mike (Bernard Nedell) brings Kitty the bad news that she's lost her fortune. Mike is hoping to grab the maps for some Arabian oil fields that are being kept in the house. They are being guarded by two detectives and everybody chasing everybody else whilst trying to get the plans makes an amusing sub-plot. Back in the main story line, Reginald has discovered that he loves Kitty for herself and doesn't care about her not having a fortune. So they get married, despite the warnings from a pessimistic passer-by who they call in as a witness. Neither of them are broke, but it takes a lot to run the old family pile. Kitty has bought a pub and Reginald and Kitty have some fun serving the regulars there. Back at the family seat Reginald has found a way to make money from other idle members of the English aristocracy. He sets up a Home for the Idle Wealthy and they come to stay (for a fee) and act as butler, gardener, chauffeur etc.
The Prince and Me	American	comedy	Martha Coolidge	Paige Morgan (Julia Stiles) is a pre-medical student at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. Across the Atlantic, Denmark's Crown Prince Edvard (Luke Mably), prefers to live the life of a playboy, and when with his family often ignores or marginalizes his royal responsibilities. Inspired by a television commercial showing Wisconsin co-eds flashing their breasts, Edvard meets with his parents, King Haraald (James Fox), and Queen Rosalind (Miranda Richardson), and announces his intention to attend college in America—specifically, Wisconsin. The Queen then dispatches Edvard's majordomo, Søren (Ben Miller), to chaperone the trip. Arriving at the university, Edvard orders Søren to keep his identity a secret and to call him 'Eddie'. Later at a bar Eddie sees Paige serving and asks her to take off her shirt, as on TV. Paige angrily drenches Eddie with the drink hose and bouncers escort Eddie from the bar. Though he has apologized, Paige is annoyed when Eddie and she are assigned as lab partners for an organic chemistry class. Since the class is important for Paige's medical school ambitions, she warns Eddie to not get in her way and reprimands him after he sleeps in through one of their lab experiments. Running out of money, Eddie gets a job in the deli section of the bar. Paige reluctantly helps him during his first day, and the two start to mend fences. Although she does well in science, Paige struggles in an English literature class. Eddie uses his earlier education to help Paige gain a better understanding of William Shakespeare, and Paige instructs Edvard in common household chores like laundry. Since Eddie is away from his family and unfamiliar with American holidays, Paige invites him to her parents’ dairy farm for Thanksgiving. Paige's father explains how he struggles to keep the small farm afloat, and Eddie uses his mechanical skills to fine-tune a riding mower for a race, which he wins. A rival racer proves a sore loser and punches Eddie. After the fight that follows, Paige treats his grazes and the two kiss for the first time. Back at school, Eddie and Paige sneak off to the library stacks to pursue a romantic encounter. While there, members of the Danish tabloid press ambush the couple. Once away from the mayhem, Paige learns his real identity and walks away from him through the rain. Just then Eddie is notified by his mother that his father is very ill and she asks him to return. While Paige is questioned at a viva voce panel about Shakespeare, she realizes that she loves Edvard and runs to find him, only to discover that he has already left for Denmark. She follows him there and while being driven round Copenhagen is delayed by a royal parade. Paige leaves her taxi and is recognized from the papers by the crowd, who call Edvard’s attention to her. He mounts her behind him on his horse, hurriedly opens a parliamentary session and takes her to the castle. The queen objects to Edvard's choice, but the king tells him that if he loves Paige, he should marry her. Edvard proposes and Paige accepts. After witnessing him reconcile workers and employers in a parliamentary committee, the queen realizes that Paige has helped him grow up at last and will make a good queen. However, during a palace ball Paige remembers that she is betraying her ambition to become a doctor working in Third World countries, breaks her engagement and returns home. King Haraald abdicates and the newly crowned Edvard realizes that he too has responsibilities to shoulder. However, he arrives after Paige’s graduation and tells her that she is his choice and he is willing to wait for however long it takes to achieve her dreams. The film ends with no resolution.
Sally of the Sawdust	American	comedy	D. W. Griffith	Because she married a circus performer, Judge Foster (Erville Alderson) casts out his only daughter. Just before her death a few years later, she leaves her little girl Sally (Carol Dempster) in the care of her friend McGargle (W.C. Fields), a good-natured crook, juggler and fakir. Sally grows up in this atmosphere and is unaware of her parentage. McGargle, realizing his responsibility to the child, gets a job with a carnival company playing at Great Meadows, where the Fosters live. A real estate boom has made them wealthy. Sally is a hit with her dancing. Peyton (Alfred Lunt), the son of Judge Foster's friend, falls in love with Sally. To save him, the Judge arranges to have McGargle and Sally arrested. McGargle escapes, but Sally is hunted down and brought back. McGargle, hearing of Sally's plight, steals a Flivver, and after many delays, reaches the courtroom and presents proof of Sally's parentage. The Judge dismisses the case and his wife takes Sally in her arms, but Peyton's claim is stronger and she agrees to become his wife. McGargle is persuaded to remain and is found an outlet for his peculiar talents in selling real estate.
Baywatch	American	comedy	Seth Gordon  Mark Swift and Damian Shannon	In Emerald Bay, Florida, Lt. Mitch Buchannon and his team of lifeguards, including second-in-command Stephanie Holden and veteran C. J. Parker, protect the beaches and the bay as part of an elite division known as Baywatch. Having made over 500 rescues in his career, Mitch is beloved by the community, to the annoyance of local beat cop Garner Ellerbee and Mitch's superior, Captain Thorpe. During one of his morning patrols, Mitch discovers a small pouch of flakka drug washed up near the Huntley Club, which is now under the ownership of businesswoman Victoria Leeds, who has been secretly bribing city councilman Rodriguez and others in efforts to increase her stake in the bay. At the tryouts for prospective lifeguards, three people stand out: surfer Summer Quinn, an old friend of Holden; Ronnie, a chubby computer nerd with a crush on C. J.; and Matt Brody, a former Olympic gold medal swimmer who fell from grace to grass after vomiting during a relay race. Summer and Ronnie both pass the trials, but Brody refuses to participate, insisting his Olympic status and recommendation letter entitles him to have a place on the team. Mitch challenges Brody on a course of the former's choosing, but a drowning woman and her kids interrupt the challenge and they rush to save her. Mitch learns Brody has to perform community service as part of an unspecified plea deal, and that Thorpe insists rehabilitating Brody's image is necessary to convince the city not to further cut Baywatch's funding. When a private yacht catches fire, Brody disobeys orders and dives directly under the flames, causing Holden and C. J. to have to save him. The occupants are evacuated, except for the deceased councilman Rodriguez. Ellerbee disapproves of Mitch's further investigative actions. Mitch and the gang attend a party held by Leeds to look for more evidence but without much luck as Brody makes a fool of himself getting drunk. Mitch, Brody, and Summer later infiltrate the city morgue, where they record two of Leeds' men planting a falsified autopsy report to cover up the fact that Rodriguez was murdered on her orders. Unfortunately, they are discovered, and though Mitch manages to subdue and capture one of them, the recording is destroyed and Ellerbee is forced to release their suspect on a lack of evidence. Angered, Thorpe threatens to fire Mitch if he oversteps his authority again. Convinced that Leeds is running drugs out of the Huntley, Mitch and Brody go undercover and sneak into the club kitchen, where they witness her workers retrieving the drugs from barrels of fish and processing them. They contact Ellerbee, only to learn that another body has been found on the beach. Thorpe, enraged that Mitch essentially deserted his post, fires him and names Brody as the new lieutenant. Brody accepts the job reluctantly, and Mitch takes a job as a cellphone salesman. After finding another pouch of flakka on the beach, Brody steals the second victim's report from Ellerbee and brings it to Summer, who confirms his suspicion that the man was murdered. Ronnie, upon recognizing the victim as his friend Dave, helps Brody hack into Leeds' servers, revealing her plan to privatize the entire beach by systematically buying out or eliminating every competing business owner. The team infiltrates a private party on Leeds' personal yacht, discovering how she's been using the hull to smuggle the drugs. Brody is captured and placed in a bait cage to be drowned, and a gloating Leeds reveals that she bribed the corrupt Thorpe to set Mitch up so he could justify firing him before pushing the cage into the water. Just before Brody drowns, Mitch appears and saves him. The two catch up to Leeds, while Ronnie and C. J. launch fireworks to prevent her escape helicopter from landing. Just as they run out, a wounded Mitch, having intentionally stung himself with a sea urchin to boost his adrenaline, uses a Roman candle to blow Leeds up, saving Brody once again. Ellerbee arrives and takes Leeds' henchmen into custody, apologizing to Mitch for doubting him. Thorpe arrives and begins to berate Mitch for returning to the beach. In response, Brody punches Thorpe in the face. Thorpe is subsequently arrested for his role in Leeds' plan. In the aftermath, Ronnie and Brody begin relationships with C.J. and Summer respectively. Mitch, having been reinstated, formally inducts Summer, Ronnie, and Brody into Baywatch and introduces them to their new captain, Casey Jean (Pamela Anderson).
Fever Pitch	American	comedy	Peter and Bobby Farrelly	Ben Wrightman, a 7-year-old boy, is going to a Red Sox game with his Uncle Carl. His uncle, who had no children of his own, treated Ben like a son. A narration explains that on that day, Ben became a die-hard Red Sox fan. Just about everything he owns bears the Red Sox name, emblem, or image of a Red Sox player (with the exception of his toilet paper, which bears the New York Yankees insignia). Ben inherited his uncle's season tickets when Carl died. The story picks up 23 years later with Ben (Jimmy Fallon) as a school teacher who is immature for his age. He meets Lindsey Meeks (Drew Barrymore), a professionally successful workaholic executive. When Ben first asks her out, Lindsey rejects him, but she later changes her mind and agrees to go out with him. On their first date, Ben finds Lindsey very sick and vomiting. She has food poisoning from a new restaurant where she had dined earlier that day. Ben decides to spend the night and take care of her, as well as clean up her bathroom (whimsically telling her it was the Vomit Elves that did the work). The next morning, Lindsey, feeling better, finds Ben sleeping on her couch. Ben awakens, and he and Lindsey end up developing a romantic relationship. Overcoming her initial hesitance, Lindsey becomes attracted to Ben because of his ability to show passionate commitment to something. That spring, he later pretends he is proposing to her but instead asks her to the Red Sox Opening Day, where Stephen King (a longtime Sox fan) throws the first pitch. Lindsey attends, but not being a baseball or Red Sox fan, she knows nothing about the Curse of the Bambino or even how to pronounce the name Yastrzemski. The two continue attending the games together until one summer night when Lindsey attempts to catch up on work by taking her laptop to the game. Not paying attention to the game, she is knocked out by a line drive foul ball by then Baltimore Orioles shortstop Miguel Tejada off Mike Myers (which ends up making the late night sports highlight reel). She eventually recovers but stops going to the games. Things take a turn for the worse when Lindsey invites Ben to accompany her to Paris, and he declines the offer because the Red Sox are in the heat of the playoff race. Before leaving for Paris, she tells Ben she is late and may be pregnant with his child, though they later learns she is not. Lindsey starts to become fed up with Ben's obsession with the Red Sox. Ben agrees to miss a game against the Yankees in order to escort Lindsey to her friend's birthday party. Ben and Lindsey have a wonderful time together, and after making love, he tells her it was one of the best nights of his life. Moments later, Ben receives a call from his ecstatic friend Troy, who informs him that the Red Sox overcame a seven run deficit in the bottom of the ninth inning to pull off one of the greatest comebacks in team history. Ben becomes irate that he missed such an historic Red Sox moment, greatly hurting Lindsey's feelings. After Lindsey miserably declares he has broken her heart, he and Lindsey separate for a while. Ben soon misses Lindsey and visits her in a futile attempt to reconcile. He eventually feels her loss so deeply that he plans to sell his season tickets to Chris, the husband of Lindsey's girlfriend Robin (ironically enough for $125,000 – the price for which Red Sox owner Harry Frazee sold Babe Ruth to the Yankees in 1920), in order to prove that Lindsey means more to him than the Red Sox do. Lindsey finds out about his plan during the celebration for her much-anticipated promotion. Immediately leaving the celebration, she rushes to the ballpark to try to stop Ben. She gets in during the 8th inning of the Red Sox—Yankees playoff game when the Sox are just three outs away from being swept. Ben is actually in the process of signing a contract with Chris as they sit in the stands. Because she is unable to reach Ben from her section in Fenway Park in time to stop Ben from signing the contract, Lindsey illegally runs across the field, deftly avoiding security personnel as she eventually reaches Ben. She tears Chris' contract in pieces and explains that if Ben loves her enough to sell his seats, then she loves him enough not to allow him to do so. The two reunite and kiss in front of the entire crowd. The narrator (Al Waterman) explains how the Red Sox won that game and then beat the Yankees three more times to win the American League pennant, later sweeping the National League champion St. Louis Cardinals in four games for their first World Series title in 86 years, with Lindsay and Ben traveling to Busch Stadium in St. Louis for the decisive Game 4. The two of them also get married, and she gets pregnant. Al explains that the baby will be named after one of the players: Ted Williams Wrightman if it's a boy, Carla Yastrzemski Wrightman (for Carl Yastrzemski) if it's a girl, with the narration jokingly hoping for a boy.
Challo Driver	Bollywood	comedy	Vickrant Mahajan	The film stars Prem Chopra as Arjun Kapoor's (Vickrant Mahajan) grandfather. He (Prem) wants someone to come in his grandson's life who would change his life completely. Arjun is very strict by nature and changes his driver five times a month. So by this behaviour of his Prem becomes upset. But suddenly a female driver Tanya (Kainaz Motivala) comes into his life and the whole story changes respectively. At last Arjun marries the female driver and the story ends successfully.
Stuck on You	American	comedy	Peter and Bobby Farrelly	Conjoined twins Bob and Walt Tenor try to live as normally as possible. Outgoing and sociable Walt aspires to be a Hollywood actor, however, whereas shy, introverted Bob prefers the quiet life. They run Quikee Burger, a diner in Oak Bluffs on Martha's Vineyard, that guarantees free meals to customers whose orders are not completed in three minutes, a testament to how skilled and in sync Bob and Walt are with each other. Though Walt is comfortable socializing with women, Bob is the shyer of the two, and carries on a long-distance relationship with a pen pal named May Fong whom he has never met in person, and who is unaware that they are conjoined twins. Walt gets a role in a local play. Bob stays as much as possible in the background, as he has a tendency to get stage fright. Following the play's success, Walt decides to follow his dream to Hollywood and persuades his hesitant brother to go along for the ride. They rent an apartment in California and become friends with fellow aspiring actress April Mercedes. When she expresses curiosity about their conjoinment, Walt explains that they share a liver that is mostly Bob's, and that because surgical separation entails risk to Walt, Bob would not consent to the surgery, even though Walt favored it. It is also the reason why Walt appears somewhat older than Bob. (Greg Kinnear is seven years older than Matt Damon in real life.) Walt's efforts to find acting work in Hollywood are fraught with difficulty, and his agent, Morty O'Reilly, is little help, offering at one point to get him a job in a pornographic film. Cher is upset that she has ended up starring in a prime-time TV show called Honey and the Beaze. She wants out of the deal, so she decides to hire Walt as her co-star (since her contract states she can choose anyone she wants), certain the show will get cancelled. The producers, realizing Cher's scheme, foil it by going forward with the production, compensating for Bob's presence by keeping him out of the camera frame and employing bluescreen effects. The show is a surprise hit and Walt becomes famous. Walt arranges for May Fong to come to California. Although he did this without Bob's consent, Bob and May Fong develop a romantic relationship, though the twins' attempt to keep their conjoined nature a secret proves challenging, especially since Walt must accompany the new couple everywhere, sometimes using creative solutions like disguising himself as a giant teddy bear. Eventually however, when May discovers the twins in bed, she concludes that they are a homosexual couple rather than brothers. Although Bob shows May that they are indeed conjoined twins, May is nonetheless in even greater shock at the deception, and flees. Morty informs the twins that word has leaked about Walt and Bob being conjoined. Rather than hide this, the twins decide to embrace it, and they both become huge celebrities, making commercials and appearing on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno. While Walt enjoys this success, he knows that Bob is unhappy because he misses May. Resolving that Bob needs to be independent from him in order to be happy, Walt demands they be surgically separated. When Bob refuses, Walt, determined to convince him, begins acting wild and crazy until Bob can no longer take it. Walt starts to make a fool of himself by getting drunk and accidentally snatching a woman's purse. They eventually end up spending the night in jail for drunk driving; even though Walt was drinking, Bob is the one who suffers the hangover since their shared liver is mostly his. When they are released the following morning, they get into a fight and Bob decides to go with the operation. On the night before the surgery, May shows up and apologizes to Bob for running out the way she did. Bob informs her that they're getting separated; although she does not want them to, he knows that it's best for them. At the hospital, May and April keep a vigil until learning from Ben Carson, a real-life neurosurgeon playing a cameo role, that the surgery was successful.[2] Bob and May, both being small-town people, decide to move back to Oak Bluffs, but Bob finds the separation from Walt difficult, both practically and emotionally, and is unable to do the things by himself that the twins used to do together, such as maintain Quikee Burger's three-minute challenge or play hockey. Walt, for his part, loses his job when Honey and the Beaze is canceled due to low ratings, and finds it difficult to find subsequent work. He is also emotionally devastated by Bob's absence. After having a brief talk with Cher about what's best for him, he decides to move back to Oak Bluffs. One year later, Walt and Bob are back in Oak Bluffs running the restaurant together, Bob and May have married and May is pregnant. The twins simulate their former conjoinment with Velcro clothing that attaches them to one another. Walt finds creative fulfillment continuing in local plays, including a musical in which he and Meryl Streep play Bonnie and Clyde.
Krishna Nee Late Aagi Baaro	Kannada	comedy	Mohan Shankar	Krishna (Ramesh) is a lecturer in a women's college. Lakshmi (Nidhi), his relative, is in deep love with him. However, he hates all women as taught by his Guru. Meanwhile, Sumitra Andal (Neethu) is a student of Krishna and is in love with a fashion photographer Sundaram Pillai (Mohan). But her father is against this as he is adamant to have his daughter married to his own caste. To get into the wedlock, Sumitra lies to her father that Sundaram belong to their own caste and fools everyone around her. Her father wants Krishna to be his son-in-law. How the subsequent event turn the lives of these four main characters forms the rest of the story.
My Sassy Girl	American	comedy	Yann Samuell	Charlie Bellow, a polite, kind-hearted young man, hopes he will one day secure a managerial position with the Tiller King agricultural company, where his father works as a maintenance mechanic. When he starts business school in New York City, he hears news that his cousin has suddenly died. His friend suggests that they play a game in which they say whether they would sleep with any of the women they see while sitting in the park, which is where Charlie sees Jordan for the first time, but leaves to meet his grieving aunt who wants to set him up with someone. On the subway platform, Charlie sees Jordan drunkenly leaning over the guard rail and saves her from being hit by an oncoming train. Taking responsibility for the drunken, blacked-out girl, he sobers her up and begins a relationship with her over several weeks. While becoming fascinated with Jordan, he soon comes face-to-face with her volatile personality and learns more about her past through wild, drunken dates. Among other things, Jordan tells Charlie that her fiancé recently left her, tells a Tiller King representative she is pregnant with Charlie's child, sabotages Charlie's job interview with another Tiller King representative, and gives a piano recital where she asks him to bring her a single red rose and pushes him into the sea – and then saves him. Despite this, Charlie begins to fall in love with Jordan but clashes with her father, who believes Charlie is responsible for her erratic behavior. Because of this, Jordan begins to drift away from Charlie. A few months later, Jordan asks Charlie to meet her in Central Park to exchange unopened love letters to bury in a time capsule, and to meet at the same place on the same day of the following year to read them. After parting ways at a train station, Charlie spends the next year preparing for when they will meet again but when the day arrives, Jordan does not meet him at the tree. Reading her letter, he learns that on the day they met, her fiancé suddenly committed suicide with little explanation and that he reminded Jordan of him. The letter further explains that Charlie and Jordan's time together was a prolonged reenactment of her relationship with her fiancé. She writes that her absence at the tree means she has not yet healed from her loss, but it does not mean that she doesn't love him. Charlie's letter in turn tells Jordan she is the only woman he will ever love and says that he believes he is destined to be with her. Some time later, Jordan meets with her ex-fiancé's mother at a restaurant, who she remained close with after his death. The mother explains that she has been trying to set Jordan up with another young man for quite some time, and she has arranged for the two to meet today. As she begins to describe him, Charlie walks into the restaurant, revealing that Charlie's cousin was Jordan's fiancé. Charlie and Jordan share their first kiss, and he narrates that we all need to help destiny in shaping our lives.
The Beach Party at the Threshold of Hell	American	comedy	Kevin Wheatley, Jonny Gilette	The film is set in New America in the year 2097, two decades after a nuclear apocalypse. Tex Kennedy, the last survivor of the Kennedy family, two robotic ex-secret service agents, and a female cannibal journey to find the Threshold of Hell to gain access to a radio tower to unite the survivors of the apocalypse.[1]
Grandma's Boy	American	comedy	Fred C. Newmeyer	The grandma's boy is a timid coward who cannot muster courage to woo his girl and is afraid of his rival. His loving grandma gives him a magic charm from the Civil War that had been used by his grandfather, which gives him the courage to capture a town criminal and win the girl. The magic charm turns out to be the handle of her umbrella and his grandma was pretending it was magical all along.
Adventures of Power	American	comedy	Ari Gold	The story takes place in the fictional small town of Lode, New Mexico, where just about all of the male townsfolk work for a copper mining plant, including Power (Gold). Power (whose name was given to him by his father so he could grow up strong) lives with his Aunt Joanie (Lynch) and is always shown air-drumming to music, even when at work. It turns out he air-drums because his father never could afford to buy him drums. He does his air-drumming at a talent show in a local bar, where his only praise comes from a young boy. Unfortunately, the mining plant is poised to strike, but Power is fired for a mishap that is one too many just beforehand, therefore he cannot join in. Disappointed, he stumbles upon an ad for an underground air-drumming place about forty miles south of them just across the border in Mexico. The boy lends him his dirt bike to get there, but he ends up losing it while there. He joins in, playing a Rush song without sitting down, which makes him nearly pass out. When the police raid the place, he ducks everyone and gets away. Before heading back, he is given an invitation to join a group of air-drummers in Newark, New Jersey, so armed with his music and cereal, he hitchhikes his way to Newark. Once he gets there, he meets the crew, headed by Carlos, a former drummer who now has hooks in place of both of his hands (it is never explained why), and he is given a job and a place to crash at a local Chinese restaurant owned by Michael Fong (Ling). Living upstairs from the restaurant is Samantha, a religious fanatic, and her deaf daughter, Annie (Stern). Annie does take an initial liking to Power, but her mother objects to it, and even eventually threatens to move to Florida when she catches them making out. Before doing so, Annie reveals that her mother used to be a groupie, and she went deaf in her youth from not wearing hearing protection while on stage with the bands. (A picture she shows Power has her at a very young age on stage next to an amp crying.) A subplot involves a rich young guy called Dallas Houston (or Dallas H.) who does music videos and has his own product lines of every sorts. He has a secret admiration for air-drumming that his father, who happens to own the mining company that runs the Lode plant, abhors. Power works hard with the new crew for the upcoming air-drumming competition, eventually overcoming his shortcomings, but when he finds out the striking miners were assaulted by hired thugs and his dad is hospitalized, he bails on them and calls him, and they seem to make amends. Carlos decides the group must go on without Power, but as they are performing their group song, one of the members is disqualified for how he’s playing, which causes the others to start a fight and gets them DQed as well. Power, who comes in just in time for the solo competition, is the only one left eligible on their team. He plays along with Dallas H. and another female to Tom Sawyer in the finals. The girl drops out early, and after Power’s defective stool breaks and leaves him flat on the floor, it seems as though he would be out as well. However, he finds out Annie is in the crowd at the show when she tosses a Cheerio on stage right into his mouth. (She had earlier declared to her mother she couldn’t go to Florida, and her mother, in sudden understanding, gives her a ticket to the air-drumming competition and says “Maybe Jesus was a rockstar.”) With renewed energy, Power jumps up and continues playing without a stool (much to Carlos’s worry) and outlasts Dallas to win the competition. He is presented the $2000 grand prize by Rush drummer Neil Peart (in a cameo appearance) and has him make the check out to the workers union of the copper plant. Power’s dad, renewed by his son’s victory and generosity, helps to resume fighting.
Computer Chess	American	comedy	Andrew Bujalski	In 1980, an annual gathering of teams of idiosyncratic nerds compete in a nondescript California hotel to see which of their computer programs can best the others at computer chess. A grandmaster (Gerald Peary) presides as master of ceremonies with a videographer and microphone in tow. Clunky, primitive personal computers are carted from room to room. Bad haircuts, dorky shirts, “birth control glasses”, and other social impedimenta are ubiquitous. Bull sessions on the dystopian possibilities of artificial intelligence are pursued. The Pentagon's interest in the goings-on is intimated. The only female geek (Robin Schwartz) in attendance is repeatedly hailed and “welcomed” by the MC. Simultaneously at the same hotel, a human potential movement group (the “seekers”) has occasional run-ins with the geeks, generating awkward and humorous moments. A painfully shy young computer programmer (Patrick Riester) attracts the interest of a swinging older couple (Cyndi Williams and Chris Doubek). The twin threads of “spiritual” exploration and cybernetic innovation imply an unspoken and implicit hidden connection. In a startling final scene, a prostitute — apparently solicited by the young programmer — reveals herself to be infinitely more than expected.
Over Her Dead Body	American	comedy	Jeff Lowell	Kate and Henry are a happy couple. Henry proposed to Kate and they are about to be married, but on the day of their wedding, Kate is accidentally killed by an ice sculpture angel, because of the actions of an ice sculptor (Stephen Root). Unaware that she has died and her soul left her body, Kate awakens in Purgatory, and wastes precious time arguing with an angel who finally leaves before she can explain to Kate what she must do to move on. A year later, Henry's sister Chloe (Lindsay Sloane) hopes that he will find closure by consulting Ashley (Lake Bell), a psychic who also runs a catering business with her gay best friend Dan (Jason Biggs). After an unsuccessful first meeting, Chloe gives Kate's diary to Ashley so that she can pretend to communicate with Kate and convince Henry to move on with his life. In the process, Henry and Ashley fall for each other... much to the consternation of Kate, who has been watching over Henry. When Kate voices her displeasure, Ashley hears her, unaware of what it means. Angry over Ashley's deception and uncertain of what she is supposed to do, Kate later encounters the ice sculptor, and discovers that he is also a ghost (a result of a drunk driving accident). He explains to her that they must deal with their unfinished business. Believing that her job is to protect Henry, Kate proceeds to harass Ashley (who is the only one who can see or hear Kate). Using her ghostly abilities of intangibility, levitation, and auditory hallucination, Kate hopes to force Ashley to break up with Henry. Ashley persists, but then Henry discovers the fraud with the diary and breaks off the relationship. Despondent over the break-up, Ashley turns to Dan for solace, but is further distraught when Dan reveals that he is not gay and has secretly been in love with her for years. Over time, Ashley and Dan eventually reconcile. After several months of watching Henry fall back into a depressed funk, Kate encounters the sculptor once more, who points out that if she had resolved her unfinished business, she would have moved on to Heaven by now. When the sculptor asks her what she really wants, Kate reluctantly admits that she only wants Henry to be happy... and realizes that he could be happy with Ashley. Then the sculptor reveals that Kate was his unfinished business and he had to get her to do the right thing before moving on, which he does. Kate first attempts to convince Ashley to get back together with Henry but Ashley doesn't believe her change of heart, and is preparing to fly to Las Vegas with Dan. In desperation, Kate finds she is able to talk to Henry through his pet parrot and gets him to meet Ashley at the airport. Realizing that Henry has forgiven her and that she has Kate's blessing, Ashley joyfully embraces with Henry. At their wedding, Ashley delays her walk down the aisle to sit briefly in the back pew, to promise Kate that she will strive to make Henry happy. Also at the wedding, Dan makes a new connection with Chloe. Now ready to move on, Kate arrives once more in Purgatory, congratulated for her efforts by the angel and requests the orb of true light collected from Kate's loved ones. The angel leaves once again, leaving Kate in Purgatory.
The Runaway Bus	British	comedy	Val Guest	When heavy fog wreaks havoc among air travellers throughout southern England, outspoken Cynthia Beeston (Margaret Rutherford) - a forceful proponent of Positive Thought - insists on being taken from London Airport to Blackbushe Airport, where she might be able to fly to Dublin. Harassed airline employees find emergency relief coach 13 and reserve driver Percy Lamb (Frankie Howerd) - so hapless he cannot find his way around the airport, much less the roads - to transport her. She is joined by mild-mannered Henry Waterman (Toke Townley), pulp-thriller addict Janie Grey (Belinda Lee) and Ernest Schroeder (George Coulouris). To satisfy a regulation, stewardess Nikki Nicholls (Petula Clark) is assigned to shepherd them. Rounding out the party is airline first officer Peter Jones (Terence Alexander), who hitches a ride. Unbeknownst to most of them, robbers have stolen £200,000 worth of gold bullion from the airport bonded store and hidden the proceeds in the boot of the coach. Two of the crooks are caught; under questioning by Inspector Henley (John Horsley), one breaks down and admits the gold was stowed on the coach and that the mysterious and notorious Banker is the mastermind. Henley informs Percy by radio, but the fog is so thick, Percy has no idea where he is. In mid-call, Peter pokes what Percy thinks is a gun into Percy's back and tells him to keep driving. They wind up at a deserted booby-trapped village used by the Army for training. When Schroeder finds a Sten gun, Peter grabs it. Schroeder then informs him that it does not work, and produces a pistol of his own. After a scuffle, it turns out that Peter is working for airport security, while Schroeder is a policeman. Miss Beeston - the Banker - ends up with the gun, and her henchman Henry tries to start the coach. Percy saves the day, having removed the rotor from the engine, and knocking the pistol out of Miss Beeston's hand with a stone.
Connie and Carla	American	comedy	Michael Lembeck	Connie (Nia Vardalos) and Carla (Toni Collette) are two performers whose lifelong friendship and co-obsession with musical theater have brought nothing but career dead ends. Despite this they continue their optimism, hosting a variety act at an airport lounge. After accidentally witnessing a mafia hit in Chicago, they go on the run, landing in Los Angeles. After being fired from a beauty salon, they pose as drag queens and audition to host a drag revue at a gay club called The Handlebar. Because they sing their own songs (a rarity for queens), they are hired, and their variety show (at first titled What a Drag (Pun Intended!) then later re-titled Connie and Carla and the Belles of the Balls after they add a few friends to the act) becomes a hit. Things are going smoothly but the two make a pact not to let men interfere with their life. This causes conflict when Connie falls for Jeff (David Duchovny), the straight brother of Robert (Stephen Spinella), one of their drag queen friends. As the show gets bigger, the two convince the club owner, Stanley (Ian Gomez), to convert it into a full dinner theater, and eventually their popularity threatens to expose them. On the official opening night of the dinner theater, the mob killers catch up with them. But with the help of their drag queen friends, and to great applause from the audience (who think it is part of their act), Connie and Carla take them down. They ultimately confess their real identities to the audience and are accepted for who they are. Connie reveals herself to Jeff, who arrives after the chaos. He accepts her and becomes her boyfriend. The following is a list of musicals referenced or featured in the film (in the order of which they are presented in the film): Barbra Streisand and Debbie Reynolds were mentioned several times before Reynolds herself appeared and performed with Connie and Carla.
The Happiest Days of Your Life	British	comedy	Frank Launder	Set during September 1949, confusion reigns when St Swithin's Girls' School is accidentally billeted at Nutbourne College: a boys' school. The two heads, Wetherby Pond (Alastair Sim) and Muriel Whitchurch (Margaret Rutherford), try to cope with the ensuing chaos, as the children and staff attempt to live in the newly cramped conditions (it being impossible to share dormitories or other facilities), and seek to prevent the children taking advantage of their new opportunities. Additional humour is derived from the departure of the Nutbourne College domestic staff and their hurried (and not very effective) replacement with the St Swithin's School Home Economics class. The main comedy is derived from the fact that the parents of the St Swithins girls would consider it improper for their daughters to be exposed to the rough mix of boys in Pond's school, and from the consequent need to conceal the fact that the girls are now sharing a school that's full of boys. Pond is offended at the suggestion that his boys are not suitable company for the young ladies of St Swithin's, but he needs to appease Miss Whitchurch to salvage his chances of an appointment to a prestigious all-boys school for which he is in the running, and which depends on his ability to prevent his current post presenting the appearance of a beer garden. Matters come to a head when a group of school governors, from the prestigious establishment to which Pond has applied to become the next headmaster, pay a visit at the same time as the parents of some of the St Swithin's girls. Frantic classroom changes are made, and hockey, lacrosse and rugby posts and nets are swapped about, as pupils and staff try to hide the unusual arrangement. Two simultaneous tours of the school premises are arranged: one for the girls' parents, and a separate one for the governors, and never the twain must meet! The facade finally collapses when the parents become obsessed with seeing a girls' lacrosse match at the same time as one of the governors has been promised a rugby match. The punchline is delivered – a clever swipe at post-war bureaucracy – when, weeks too late, a Ministry of Schools official arrives, to declare everything sorted out. You're a co-educational school, I believe; well I've arranged for another co-educational school to replace St Swithin's next week... Oh, it appears they're ahead of schedule. At this point, several more coachloads of children and staff appear noisily, and utter chaos reigns. Fade out on Alastair Sim and Margaret Rutherford, quietly discussing in which remote and unattractive corner of the British Empire they might best try to pick up the pieces of their respective careers, with her mentioning having a brother who grows groundnuts in Tanganyika.
Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days	American	comedy	David Bowers	The Heffley family attends a pool party at the local pool, where the family meets a former trouble-making friend of Rodrick who is now a model student after attending a military school known as Spag Union. Greg's father Frank thinks about enrolling Greg there. Greg's summer starts off badly: Frank bans video games in anger at Greg's laziness, and his mother Susan starts a book club for all the boys in the neighborhood, but she does not see their books as real literature. Frank is also getting jealous of the neighbor's athletic kids, and after his video game ban, Susan forces Frank and Greg to bond with each other: their bonding activities end in disaster. A few weeks later, Greg's best friend, Rowley Jefferson, takes Greg to the local country club, where his family are members of. Greg enjoys the lifestyle there and the fact that his crush, Holly Hills, teaches tennis there and he doesn't have to go to the book club. Greg returns home to learn that Frank signed him up for an unpaid summer internship at his work without his consent, and Greg lies about having a job at the country club. Frank and Susan are delighted, and give him a starter cell phone, a Ladybug, which only allows him to call home or 911. Later, Rowley invites Greg on a family trip to their beach house near the Boardwalk, but Greg finds the lifestyle banal and attempts to escape. He tries to call home using his Ladybug phone, but the phone rejects the call, and after he inadvertently calls 911, the police arrive, almost leading to the arrest of Rowley's father, who sends home Greg in disgust. Rowley doesn't allow Greg to tag along with him to the country club because of the beach house incident, but Greg sneaks in, meets up with Holly and her sister Heather and manages to get Löded Diper a gig at Heather's sweet sixteen, much to Rodrick's delight. Rowley and Greg quickly make up, but Rowley is unable to attend the club, forcing Greg to sneak in. One morning, Frank drops Greg off, only to be confronted by Rowley's father: Greg has built up a $260 fruit smoothie bill from his time at the country club. When Frank attempts to explain the situation, the clerk informs him that the club does not employ minors, and Greg is exposed. As a result, when he receives a Spag Union disc in the mail, he fears he will be sent there. Rodrick informs Greg that the Wilderness Weekend could be a way to avoid Spag Union. Their troop proves weak compared to Frank's boss, Stan's, troop. After a Camp story and Greg continues to mess things up Frank tells him that everyone messes up, after the boys overhear Stan and his troop insulting Frank, Greg attempts to set up a plan for revenge by using traps, and finds out that Stan's troop has been using electric and other appliances including pre-cooked meals and portable TV's rather than actually camping. Stan arrives at the tent, Greg manages to escape while Stan accidentally throws his own tent into the campfire, and Greg admits he was responsible but his friends tell him that he did it to defend his honor. Frank, having lost his respect for Stan, then confronts him with the electronic conveniences (although he was jealous of Stan throughout the movie), and Stan runs into Greg's trap, leaving him humiliated. Frank reveals that he never liked camping anyway, and decides not to send Greg to Spag Union, much to Greg's surprise and delight. Frank gives Greg advice about learning from mistakes and taking responsibilities. The two discover they are much alike than they realize. At Heather's Sweet 16 birthday party a few days later, Löded Diper performs a hard rock version of Baby by Justin Bieber and Ludacris, during an attempt to win over Heather. However, Rodrick accidentally knocks over a huge ice sculpture of Heather, which results in her losing her temper and accidentally smashing a chocolate fountain with a microphone stand, splashing chocolate all over her, and the party ends in disaster. Holly then implies that she likes Greg by holding his hand, and in the final scene, Greg, Holly, and Rowley all hang out together at the local pool. Greg describes that his summer did not go the way he expected, but had positive circumstances.
The Curiosity of Chance	American	comedy	Russell P. Marleau	In 1980s Europe, flamboyant and gay 16-year-old Chance Marquis shows up at an international high school in a top hat and tails, immediately attracting the attention of the queer-hating resident bully, among others. Through his involvement in the school newspaper, he meets an introverted photographer with a mysterious briefcase, and while practicing tennis, he befriends a catty fashionista, both of whom act as his wingmen in his new high school. He also meets the jock-next-door, with whom he forms a tentative friendship, despite the jock's cacophonous group of friends. The film follows Chance through a year of high school, with its attendant drama, successes, and hijinks—including sneaking into a drag bar, where Chance begins to explore his true self. Themes underscored throughout the film include facing one's fears as one grows into adulthood, and the barriers that people put up in order to cope with life. Chance claims to be strong with his nonchalant attitude, but when photos of him in drag show up all over school, Chance must face his own preachings of staying true to oneself.
Bridesmaids	American	comedy	Paul Feig	Annie Walker (Kristen Wiig) is a single woman in her late 30s. Following the failure of her bakery due to the Recession, she has lost her boyfriend and her savings, forcing her to take a job as a sales clerk in a jewelry store and to share an apartment with an obnoxious English immigrant roommate Gil (Matt Lucas) and his sister Brynn (Rebel Wilson). Her business failure was so painful that she has given up baking entirely. Annie has a no-strings-attached sexual relationship with the self-absorbed Ted (Jon Hamm), but she hopes for something more from him. Her best friend, Lillian (Maya Rudolph), is virtually her only source of happiness. Lillian becomes engaged and asks Annie to be her maid of honour. At the engagement party, Annie meets Lillian's bridesmaids: cynical, worldly, long-married cousin Rita (Wendi McLendon-Covey); naïve and idealistic newlywed friend Becca (Ellie Kemper); the groom's decidedly unfiltered sister Megan (Melissa McCarthy); and Helen (Rose Byrne), the rich, beautiful, and elite wife of the groom's boss. Helen and Annie, who are jealous of each other's friendship with Lillian, take an instant dislike to each other, but Lillian persuades them to spend time together. Annie takes Lillian and the bridesmaids to a Brazilian steak restaurant for lunch before going to a chic bridal shop. Helen uses her influence to gain entry to the shop because Annie didn't make a reservation. While trying on gowns, the whole party— with the exception of Helen, who chose not to eat before the fitting —becomes sick from food poisoning. Later, Annie's suggestion of a bachelorette party at Lillian's parents' lake house is overruled in favor of a trip to Las Vegas planned by Helen. Worried about her finances and too proud to accept a ticket paid for by Helen, Annie books a ticket in economy class although the rest of the party flies first-class. The trip is cut short by an outburst from Annie, who had accepted a sedative from Helen because of her massive fear of flying. The plane makes an emergency landing in Casper, Wyoming; and the party takes a bus back home. Annie apologizes, but Lillian decides she wants Helen to take over planning the shower and the wedding. Annie continues to hope for a relationship with Ted, but Irish-American Officer Nathan Rhodes (Chris O'Dowd), a friendly State Patrol officer who had earlier let her off without a ticket for broken tail lights, begins flirting with her. Nathan encourages her to open a new bakery, but Annie refuses. Following a romantic night together, Nathan buys baking supplies as a surprise, in the hope that Annie will start baking again. Offended and overwhelmed, Annie leaves. Annie is later fired for being rude to a customer and kicked out of her apartment by her roommates, forcing her to move in with her mother (Jill Clayburgh). Annie travels to Helen's home in Chicago for the bridal shower, which has become a Parisian-themed event, an idea that Annie previously came up with but Helen turned down. Helen also upstages Annie's heartfelt, handmade shower gift by giving Lillian a trip to Paris, an idea Helen stole from Annie. Enraged that Helen has taken credit for the Parisian theme, Annie throws a tantrum. Lillian kicks her out of the shower and the wedding. On her way home, Annie is involved in a car accident due to her still-broken tail lights, but the other driver flees the scene. Officer Rhodes ends up being the responding officer, and he admonishes her for not fixing her tail lights and taking responsibility for her life. When an upset Annie dismisses him by saying she knows he didn't want anything but sex from her, Rhodes is hurt and storms off when Ted arrives to give Annie a ride. On the ride home, Ted asks Annie to perform oral sex on him. Angered, she breaks off the relationship and walks home. Annie becomes reclusive, refusing to leave her mother's house and obsessively watching television. Eventually, Megan arrives and gives Annie a pep talk, telling Annie that she must stop blaming the world for her problems and take control of her life. Annie realizes her errors and begins to repair her life, beginning to bake again and getting her car fixed. She tries to make amends with Nathan, but he is still hurt by her actions and ignores her. On the day of the wedding, Helen appears at Annie's doorstep distraught; Lillian has disappeared, and Helen begs for Annie's help in finding her. While driving, Helen apologizes to Annie and opens up to her, revealing that people only involve her in their lives because she is good at planning events, but she does not have any true female friends, leading to something of a reconciliation between them. The two enlist Officer Rhodes to help, and he grudgingly agrees. The group finds Lillian at her own apartment, discovering that she ran from her wedding because of Helen's extravagant planning and from fear of leaving her life in Milwaukee. After reconciling, Annie helps Lillian prepare for her wedding. Annie resumes her place as maid of honor. After the wedding, which Annie agrees with Helen is perfect, Helen again apologizes to Annie and states her hope that they can be friends in the future. Realizing that Annie and Officer Rhodes were falling in love, Helen also arranged for him to pick up Annie after the wedding. Officer Rhodes and Annie reconcile and the pair ride away in his police car.
Envy	American	comedy	Barry Levinson	Tim Dingman (Ben Stiller) and Nick Vanderpark (Jack Black) are best friends, neighbors and co-workers at 3M. Nick is constantly coming up with crazy ideas to get rich quick, and when he invents Vapoorize, a spray that instantly removes dog feces, he actually succeeds. As Nick's wealth continues to grow, so does Tim's envy, as he had initially scoffed at the idea and squandered an opportunity to invest and become mega-rich himself. Nick is blissfully unaware of Tim's jealousy, and his generosity only serves to make Tim more envious of him. Meanwhile, Nick's wife Natalie (Amy Poehler) decides to run for state senate but is continually plagued by questions about her husband's product. After Tim's wife Debbie (Rachel Weisz) and children temporarily leave and he is fired from 3M, Tim's jealousy reaches new levels. In a bar, he meets J-Man (Christopher Walken), a bizarre drifter, who lends a sympathetic ear and offers advice. After a drunken night out, Tim accidentally kills Nick's beloved horse, Corky, and buries the horse in his abandoned swimming pool. Nick offers a $50,000 reward for the return of his horse. J-Man and Tim concoct a plan whereby J-Man would discover the horse and claim the reward, splitting the proceeds. However a series of unfortunate events, including Tim's family getting holed up in J-Man's mountain cabin, leads to the horse's carcass being lost in a rain storm. Nick reveals to Tim that he is going to Rome for the debut of Vapoorize there, and gives Tim the opportunity to join him in a 50-50 partnership, which he accepts. J-Man finds out that Tim is now rich, and, feeling betrayed, tries to blackmail him. After confessing to his wife, now enjoying her rich lifestyle, Tim agrees to pay J-Man; however, J-Man ups his demands and asks to be Tim's partner. Tim accidentally shoots him in the back with an arrow and J-Man, believing that Tim has tried to kill him, backs down in fear. Tim eventually confesses all to Nick who forgives him for his jealousy and agrees to continue with the partnership; however, at a press conference for Natalie's electoral campaign (where she promises to withdraw her candidacy if it is proven Vapoorize is harmful to the environment in any way), Corky's body is seen floating down the nearby river. The animal's post-mortem reveals that the horse was not killed by the arrow as previously thought but actually poisoned by a by-product of Vapoorize, used by Tim to treat his garden after Corky came to eat the apples off of his tree. The veterinarian informs the pair that she is obliged to notify the Environmental Protection Agency, and Vapoorize is immediately pulled from the market. Nick and Tim almost lose all their wealth and glory, until Tim comes up with an invention of his own: Pocket Flan, inspired by Nick's family's love for the dessert. J-Man is shown in the audience of Tim and Nick's infomercial for Pocket Flan, apparently reconciled.
Happy Wedding	Malayalam	comedy	Omar	Harikrishnan, aka Hari, is a young civil engineer. He usually spends time hanging with his cousin Manu, who is a flirt. Hari is in a relationship with a girl Lakshmi, but she is a flirt herself. Hari, Manu, and a friend Paul Achayan, go to meet her. Hari is left heartbroken when Lakshmi begins to get close to another guy. He leaves with Manu to a bar. As Hari and Manu are drinking, they call a man, thinking he is a waiter and asks him a beer. The man tells that he is not waiter and joins them. He tells them that he is a motivational speaker and the boys befriend him and call him Bhai. As they are discussing about Lakshmi, Manu exclaims that Hari is a guy who always falls for love tricks. Bhai asks Hari to tell about his college love story. Hari and Manu were students in an engineering college with an ensemble of friends, Tyson, Pareekutty, Asha etc. Hari is in love with Shahina. Everything goes well, Hari enjoys with Shahina, Manu spends time as a complete rascal and everything is good. Some after they leave college, Hari, Manu and Tyson are caught by the police. To Hari's shock they see Shahina's father there. They are shocked to learn that Shahina is missing and Hari is the main suspect. Sub-inspector Happy Paul, who wants all cases to have a happy ending, tries to question the boys. After learning of Hari and Shahina's relation he gives his full support to them. But then, Shahina walks into the station accompanied by Pareekutty. It is revealed that Shahina and Pareekutty were in a relationship long before Hari met Shahina. Shahina's parents are happy, but Hari is left heartbroken. Back in the present, Bhai advises Hari to completely reject Lakshmi and let himself stay strong. Following Bhai's advice, Hari tells Lakshmi that he is not a toy. Meanwhile, Manu tells Bhai that they have to persuade Hari to go meet a girl arranged by Hari's mother. When Hari returns, they ask him to go see the girl, to which he reluctantly agrees. Sometime later, the trio board a bus for Thrissur to go to Hari's home. On the bus, they befriend some passengers. Hari and Manu sit in front of two girls, Drishya and Sophie, and befriend them. Drishya reveals that she is a cousin of their collegemate Asha and they become close. Hari seemingly falls for Drishya, but cannot express it. They then part ways once reaching Thrissur. The next day, Hari and his gang go to see the girl. He sees the girl and is not completely convinced. But when he goes to talk to her, it is revealed that she is not the real girl. The real girl is revealed to be Drishya, much to Hari's surprise and happiness. Their marriage is subsequently arranged. As the trio depart, Lakshmi calls again. She asks Hari to call her, to which Hari replies that he will call her for his wedding. When they turn to ask Bhai for his opinion, they stunned to find him missing. They realize that they did not get his phone number and they even don't know his real name. As they search for Bhai, Hari has a vision that Bhai is Lord Krishna, who came to solve his love troubles. When he tries to tell Manu, he can't find how to explain it and they leave. It is then revealed that Bhai is no god, but a marriage broker. He runs a matrimony called Happy Wedding Matrimony, and was asked by Hari's mother to find a suitable bride. Bhai's matrimony has a vow, that if they find two matching profiles they will get them married. It is also revealed that meeting Drishya in the bus was also a part of Bhai's plan to unite the two. He then proceeds to another marriage deal with his two assistants. The movie ends as the newly married Hari and Drishya celebrate with Manu, Tyson, Paul Achayan and their friends.
Full Grown Men	American	comedy	David Munro	Alby Cutrera is a pathologically nostalgic guy who, at 35 years of age with a wife and young son, really just wishes he could ride his Schwinn 5 speed around all day on a Cherry Slurpee high. His wife Suzanne and son Josh love him because he's funny and creative but for Suzanne it’s getting old and there’s rent to pay. Finally losing patience with Alby, Suzanne kicks him out of the house with the unequivocal instruction: Don't come back 'til you grow up! Alby's having none of that and does what any hopeless case of arrested-development would do – he goes back to Mom's house. There, after having his fill of eating Fruit Loops and watching cartoons on TV, he decides to look up his old best friend from childhood, Elias Guber. Alby is thrilled to get back with his old pal and relive old times, but there’s a problem – Elias remembers a much less rosy version of their childhood – one in which he was Alby’s performing monkey. But as always, Elias can't resist Alby's entreaties to take him along on a trip to Diggityland, a theme park up in central Florida that was their favorite place as kids. Elias is going there to get an award for his work as a special-ed teacher, a decidedly grown-up occupation, while Alby needs a ride up the coast to sell his precious action figures to a collectibles broker – a move he thinks will reinstate him in the good graces of his family and signal his transition into adulthood. Along the way the two friends meet a series of similarly damaged romantics: a hitchhiking disgruntled former employee of Diggityland who has a little matter to settle with the management; Trina, a horny bartender who attends Clownin' School in hopes of earning her Clownin' Degree and joining the Circus; and a delusional fading beauty who lives in an Airstream trailer and obsesses over her past glory as the most beautiful and popular Weeki Wachee mermaid. Each pokes a new hole in Alby’s fantasy bubble of being a kid forever. Ultimately it’s one of Elias’s students, a developmentally disabled boy named Rollie, a boy literally denied by fate the chance to ever become an adult, who teaches Alby the value of seeing beyond himself and taking responsibility for his actions.
The Pilgrim	American	comedy	Charles Chaplin	The Pilgrim (Chaplin), an escaped convict, steals a minister's clothes to replace his prison uniform. At a train station, he encounters an eloping couple who want him to marry them. The woman's father shows up and takes her away. The convict then picks a destination at random and ends up in Devil's Gulch, Texas, on a Sunday. A delegation is waiting to welcome their new parson. With the sheriff nearby, the Pilgrim has to keep playing his part. A large deacon takes him to the church, where he improvises a sermon about David and Goliath. It has been arranged for the parson to board with Mrs. Brown and her attractive daughter. The latter and the Pilgrim are attracted to each other. A complication arises when the crook, the Pilgrim's old cellmate, spots him. Curious, the man pretends to be the Pilgrim's old college friend and is invited to tea by Mrs. Brown. Among the other guests are a man and wife and their young boy, who proceeds to annoy everyone. Also present is the large deacon, who refuses to accept Mrs. Brown's mortgage payment on the Sabbath. Despite the Pilgrim's best efforts, the crook later steals the money and flees. The Pilgrim promises Miss Brown he will get the money back. After he leaves, however, the sheriff shows the young woman a wanted poster for her boarder. The crook heads to a casino. Despite a robbery in progress, the Pilgrim manages to retrieve the money. He gives it and the church collection to Miss Brown. When he is apprehended by the sheriff, Miss Brown comes to his defense, revealing what he has done. As a result, the sheriff takes his prisoner to the border and orders him to pick him some flowers on Mexican land. Not taking the hint, the Pilgrim returns. The sheriff has to literally kick him out of American jurisdiction before he recognizes the lawman's act of kindness. However, his enjoyment of the peace of a new land proves to be short-lived; several gunmen pop out of the undergrowth and start shooting at each other. The frightened Pilgrim hastens away, straddling the border as he ponders his options.
I Do	American	comedy	Hal Roach	The Boy meets and marries The Girl. A year later, the two walk down the street with a baby carriage carrying a bottle instead of a baby when they run into The Girl's brother who asks the couple to do him a favor and babysit his children. They accept and the remainder of the short consists of gags showcasing the difficulties of babysitting children. At the very end, The Boy discovers some knitted baby clothes in a drawer (implying that The Girl is pregnant).
No Limit	British	comedy	Monty Banks	George Shuttleworth (Formby) is a chimney sweep from Wigan who dreams of winning the Isle of Man TT. Unfortunately, George's attempts to secure a factory ride with the Rainbow Motorcycle Company are unsuccessful and consequently he resorts to entering his own machine the Shuttleworth Snap, a motorcycle derived from an old Rainbow machine. Whilst running the engine of his machine, George inadvertently knocks the motorcycle off its stand and crashes into the fence of his next door neighbour, Mr Hardache, who goads George about his dream of winning the T.T. Undeterred, George asks his mother if she could lend him £5 so as he can make his way to the Isle of Man in order to compete at the races. Although unable to give him the £5 directly, George's mother endeavours to take the money from his Grandpa's savings which he keeps concealed in the lining of the settee. With money 'borrowed' from his grandfather, George make his way by train to Liverpool and embarks on the steamer for Douglas. As he prepares to embark, George's attention is drawn to the arrival of the more famous T.T. competitors -such as Bert Tyldesley- who embarks onto the steamer with the secretary of boss of the Rainbow Motorcycle Company, Florrey Dibney (Florence Desmond). George attempts to be included in a photograph with Tyldesley and another T.T. rider -Norton-, but as they assemble for the photograph, George observes a stray cargo crate heading towards them. In order to save Florrie from being struck by the crate, George pushes her out of the way and consequently knocks her hat over the side of the ship. More concerned at the loss of her hat than the danger posed by the cargo crate, Florrie takes George to task, and he resolves to climb down the side of the ship to retrieve the hat. As George begins to descend the side of the ship on a rope, the order is given to cast off and the deck hands begin to haul in the rope just as George reaches the ship's side belting. Holding onto the very end of the rope, it is suddenly hauled up and George falls into the water. He not only succeeds in winning the race, but the girl as well.
Meet Dave	American	comedy	Brian Robbins	In his New York City apartment, a young boy named Josh Morrison (Austyn Lind Myers) stares through his telescope at an object falling from the sky. It is a golf-ball-sized metal ball which flies through the window and lands in his fishbowl, quickly draining the water along with the goldfish. He decides to show it at his school's science class presentation. Some months later a massive fireball crashes into the water near Liberty Island. It is revealed to be a spaceship which resembles a human (Eddie Murphy), controlled by 100 tiny humanoid aliens. Its Captain (also played by Murphy) pilots the spaceship from the command deck located in its head, with the help of his second-in-command Number 2 (Ed Helms), and researcher Number 3 (Gabrielle Union). The spaceship looks very human, and displays numerous superpowers, but the aliens don't know how to make the ship act like a human. A superstitious cop named Dooley (Scott Caan) desperately searches for the alien. The aliens need to save their planet, Nil, from an energy crisis. They need salt, which they plan to take by draining the Earth's oceans using the metal ball, so they have to recover the ball. After the spaceship is hit by Josh's single mother, Gina Morrison (Elizabeth Banks), while driving, the Captain decides to befriend Gina and Josh. He tells them his name is Dave Ming Cheng, based on a quick scan of common Earth names. At Gina's home the crew see their missing ball in a photograph taken at the science presentation. After having breakfast with Gina, Dave goes to Josh's school where he pretends to be a substitute teacher and eventually is able to talk to Josh alone. Josh tells him that the ball was taken from him by a bully (Nicholas Berman). With Josh's help, Dave takes the metal ball back from the bully. The Captain (via Dave) spends some time with Josh and Gina and realizes that humans are more advanced than they originally thought. The crew observes humans displaying feelings and love, such as witnessing Gina's painting or a homeless man offering to share his blanket with Dave when he sleeps in a doorway. The Captain decides to cancel the plan to drain the oceans because it would destroy life on Earth. The police track Dave down using the impression of his face found in the dirt at the crash site and they arrest him. After spending so much time on Earth, most of the crew begin to exhibit new feelings, adopting Earth's culture, mannerisms and general laid-back attitude. Number 2 decides that the captain and the rest of the crew's changing behavior is unacceptable and takes command of the ship, imprisoning the Captain. Under Number 2's command, Dave breaks out of the police station and another attempt is made to arrest him. Number 3, who has become infatuated with the Captain, becomes jealous of Gina. She first cooperates in the command change but later agrees with the Captain's view on humans. Both are caught by Number 2 and they are expelled from the spaceship. In the meantime, Number 17 (Kevin Hart), a young, fun-loving alien, jumps out of the ship while drunk from the alcohol Dave has imbibed. The Captain apologizes to Number 3 for ignoring her. He admits that he too loves her and wants to be with her. Back at the police station, Dooley discovers Number 17 in his coffee and interrogates him to find out where Dave is going. Number 2 takes Dave to the harbor, where he tries to throw the metal orb into the ocean, but is stopped by the Captain and Number 3, both of whom managed to gain reentry back onto the ship. They convince the rest of the crew that the real Captain is in charge again. Reinstated, he orders Number 2 to be stuck in the ship's butt forever. The metal orb meanwhile slips out of Dave's hand and rolls into the ocean. The Captain attempts to retrieve the orb but is told that they only have enough power to either retrieve it or return home. The Captain decides to save the Earth and the rest of the crew agrees. The ball, thrown in the ocean by Number 2, is retrieved. Dave powers down while Dooley and his partner catch up and point their guns at him. With no power, Dave's shields are disabled, leaving the crew defenseless. Josh tries to tell the police officers that Dave is harmless but is ignored. He then grabs Dooley's taser which he uses on Dave, recharging him. The captain and Number 3 reveal themselves to the police officers who stand down. The Captain says goodbye to Josh and Gina saying he now understands love. Number 17 is then returned to Dave by Dooley. About to fly away, a team from the FBI arrives and throws a net over Dave. While the FBI agents wrestle the body down, Dave's crew evacuates to one of the ship's lifeboat shoes, activate the engines, detaches the shoe and heads home to Nil, leaving behind both the ship and Number 2. While in the lifeboat, the captain asks for Number 3's hand in marriage. She accepts and they kiss.
The Frozen Limits	British	comedy	Marcel Varnel	A group of British pioneers decide to take part in the 1898 Alaska and Yukon goldrush having read about it in the newspaper which wrapped up their fish and chips. Their main problem is that it is now 1939.
Accepted	American	comedy	Steve Pink	Bartleby Gaines (Justin Long) is a persuasive senior from William McKinley High School in Wickliffe, Ohio, who, among other pranks, creates fake IDs. His gifts do not extend to grades, however, and he receives rejection letters from all of the colleges to which he applies, including those with high acceptance rates. In an attempt to gain approval from his strict father (Mark Derwin), Bartleby creates a fake college, the South Harmon Institute of Technology (S.H.I.T.). His best friend, Sherman Schrader III (Jonah Hill), who has been accepted into his father's (Jim O'Heir) prestigious alma mater, Harmon College, aids Bartleby and fellow reject Rory Thayer (Maria Thayer), who only applied to Yale University and was rejected due to legacy preferences; Darryl Hands Holloway (Columbus Short), who lost his athletic scholarship after an injury; and Glen (Adam Herschman), who failed his SAT exam due to vacuity. To make the college seem legitimate, Bartleby convinces Sherman to create a functional website for the school. When his father insists on meeting the dean, Bartleby hires Sherman's peculiar uncle, Ben Lewis (Lewis Black), a former Harmon College professor, to play that role, and he leases an abandoned psychiatric hospital adjacent to Harmon College and renovates it to look like a college campus. Their plan backfires when the website, which automatically accepts any applicant, enrolls hundreds of other rejected students. Bartleby realizes that these people have nowhere else to go, so he lets them believe that the school is real, a place where they will finally feel accepted, despite objections from his friends. After a visit to Harmon disenchants him with traditional college life, he has the students create their own curricula. Students write down what they want to learn on a giant whiteboard, ranging from the culinary arts, sculpting, meditations, to unusual courses such as psychokinesis, a subject one eccentric kid (Jeremy Howard) wishes to study. Bartleby creates a school newspaper (the S.H.I.T. Rag), invents a mascot (the S.H.I.T. Sandwiches), and throws themed parties, turning South Harmon into a party school. Meanwhile, the narcissistic dean of Harmon College, Richard Van Horne (Anthony Heald), makes plans to construct the Van Horne Gateway, a park-like verdant buffer zone adjacent to the college that the dean hopes will keep knowledge in and ignorance out. He dispatches Hoyt Ambrose (Travis Van Winkle) to free up the nearby properties, but when Bartleby refuses to relinquish the lease for the South Harmon property, Hoyt sets to work trying to reveal the college as a fake. The dispute turns personal, since Bartleby has been vying for the affections of Hoyt's ex-girlfriend, Monica Moreland (Blake Lively). Hoyt exposes South Harmon as a fake institution through Sherman, who is attempting to join Hoyt's fraternity as a legacy, but is constantly humiliated and abused by them. After debasing Sherman once more, the fraternity violently forces him to hand over all the files he has created for South Harmon. Hoyt contacts all the students' parents, and with Van Horne, he reveals that the school is a sham. Soon after, the school is forced to close, but Sherman, who has had enough with Harmon College's corruption, files for accreditation on behalf of South Harmon, giving Bartleby a chance to make his college legitimate. At the subsequent State of Ohio educational accreditation hearing, Bartleby makes an impassioned speech about the failures of conventional education and the importance of following one's own passions, convincing the board to grant his school a one-year probationary accreditation to test his new system, thus foiling Van Horne's schemes. The college reopens, with more students enrolling, including Sherman and Monica. In addition, Bartleby finally earns the approval of his father, who is proud that his son now owns a college. As the film closes, Van Horne walks to his car in the parking lot, only to watch it suddenly explode. Bartleby watches in astonishment as the eccentric student from earlier makes his interest in psychokinetic explosion a reality.
It's Not Cricket	British	comedy	Alfred Roome	Major Bright and Captain Early are intelligence officers in the British army of occupation in post-World War 2 Germany. They are sent home on leave, but fail to notice that their new batman is actually wanted war criminal Otto Fisch. He vanishes on arrival in England and the two officers are punished by early demobilisation. Uncertain what to do in civvy street, they decide to utilise the skills they learned in the army and set up a private detective agency, Bright and Early. They engage a secretary, Primrose Brown, but she's not very busy as they have as yet no clients. Primrose's boyfriend/fiancee invites them all to a weekend country house party for a cricket match. But what they don't know is that the cricket ball they buy in London actually contains a valuable stolen diamond that Fisch has purloined. It has been hidden in the hollow ball by his friend and protector Mr Felix, who runs a sporting goods shop. As the match gets under way, Fisch and Felix watch from the cover of the trees and manage to infiltrate the game, stealing the ball. A free-for-all chase ensues; Bright and Early manage to recover the ball and the diamond. They now become celebrities and don't lack for eager clients. Fisch is finally seen working for the detective agency, the two detectives still apparently unaware of his identity.
Mabel at the Wheel	American	comedy	Mabel Normand, Mack Sennett	Charlie offers Mabel a ride on his two-seater motorcycle, which she accepts in preference to his rival's racing car. Unfortunately as they go over a bump, she falls off into a puddle. The rival, who has followed in his car, picks up the now stranded Mabel. He lets her drive, sitting tight beside her. Charlie at last notices she is gone and falls off the bike. He sees them together now stopped and standing beside the car. They leave the car for a short while and Charlie lets down the rear tyre. His rival returns and is furious. They throw rocks at Charlie and he throws them back. The rival's friend appears and gets caught up in the rock-throwing confusion. We cut to The Auto Race where Charlie hovers round the cars. The drivers usher him away when they see he has a sharp pin. Charlie stands puffing heavily on a cigarette. He uses his pin to get through the crowd, where he propositions Mabel and gets slapped. Charlie then whistles and two thugs appear and kidnap his rival just before the race starts. But Mabel decides to don his racing clothes and take the wheel in his place. As the race progresses, despite a very late start, Mabel, with a co-driver beside her, manages to gain a lead of three laps. Charlie with his henchmen, tries to sabotage the race by using oil and bombs on the track. The oil temporarily spins Mabel's car, no.4, around and it goes backwards for a lap until the oil spins it around again to continue the right way. The car tips over on a bend but a group of men push the heavy Bentley V8 upright again. Meanwhile the rival escapes his ropes and sees Mabel driving his car. The crowd stand as she crosses the finishing line. The rival and his friend go to congratulate her. Meanwhile Charlie throws a bomb in the air and blows up both himself and his two thugs.
Get Smart	American	comedy	Peter Segal	Maxwell Max Smart, an analyst for the top secret American intelligence agency, CONTROL, yearns to become a field agent like his idol, Agent 23. Despite top scores in the acceptance tests, Max is denied the promotion due to his higher value as an analyst. When CONTROL headquarters is attacked by the terrorist organization KAOS, almost all of CONTROL's agents' identities are exposed, leaving only Agent 99 as a viable field operative. Max is also promoted to field agent as Agent 86, but the experienced 99 is reluctant to partner with him because of his incompetence. On the first day of his job, Max receives a Swiss army knife which includes special add-ons like a miniature flamethrower and a crossbow that shoots darts attached to spider web thread. While on a plane, Agent 99 spots a threatening looking man in the back and says she thinks he's an assassin. Max brushes it off as profiling and notices that he has a wad of gum stuck to the bottom of his shoe and attempts to scrape it off using a match. Passengers around him start to yell and panic, thinking he is trying to light his shoe, and that it must be a bomb. He is tackled by an Air Marshall and his hands are put into zip ties. Max requests to use the bathroom, and while inside attempts to break his zip ties using the crossbow on his pocketknife. He does finally break the zip tie, but one of the darts hits the eject button and leaves him plummeting towards the earth with no parachute. Agent 99 goes to eject. She sees the dart and that there are still two parachutes there. She realizes what happened and quickly ejects to save Max. She grabs him, but the threatening man follows close behind. He slashes 99's chute with a large knife. 99 does not panic, knowing she has a backup chute. She briefly lets go of Max to slash the man's chute. However, he grabs onto her and Max and prevents her from being able to pull her parachute. She kisses him, and, shocked, he lets go. 99 pulls her parachute, and the man plummets through the roof of a farm. 99 and Max assume he is dead, but 99 is irritated with Max's incompetence. The two arrive at the mansion of KAOS' chief bomb-maker, Ladislas Krstic. Max accidentally inhales a tranquilizer that he meant to shoot at the guards. When he wakes up, he is in entirely new clothes, a disguise chosen by 99. They infiltrate the main office and trace nuclear material to a KAOS nuclear weapons factory disguised as a Moscow bakery. In the bakery, Max meets with KAOS boss Siegfried and his second-in-command, Shtarker, only to learn that a double-agent has compromised their identities. Max manages to escape and destroy the weapons factory, but he and 99 are confronted by the same man that they had assumed dead earlier. All seems lost, but Max manages to persuade Dalip to spare their lives. He does this by talking to Dalip about his crumbling relationship, realizing he knows all about the man after tracking him while he had been working as an analyst. The Chief sends 23 to observe the cleanup of the factory, but KAOS sneaks the weapons out through the Moskva River beforehand, leaving 23 convinced that only a bakery had been destroyed. Realizing that Max was alone during his key discoveries, CONTROL believes Max to be the double-agent. 99, who has been gradually falling in love with Max, is heartbroken but takes Max into custody. Siegfried contacts the U.S. government and threatens to release nuclear weapon detonator codes to hostile countries unless he is paid a ransom of $200 billion. When his threats are not taken seriously, KAOS plans to detonate a nuclear bomb in Los Angeles. While Max is in a CONTROL holding cell, Dalip sends him a coded message via the radio show American Top 40 alerting him to Siegfried's plan. Max escapes; arrives in Los Angeles to reunite with the Chief, 99, and 23; and convinces them that he is not the double-agent. When his Geiger counter-equipped watch picks up traces of radiation from 23, they realize 23 is the real double-agent. 23 takes 99 hostage and flees in a vehicle. After a chase, Max manages to rescue 99, but in the struggle, the car is set on fire and forced onto railroad tracks. Max kisses 23 to distract him, a trick learned from 99. He and 99 are thrown off the vehicle before it collides with a freight train, killing 23. After analyzing 23's nuclear football, Max realizes that the bomb will be triggered by the final note of Beethoven's Ode to Joy. They rush to the Disney Hall, and Max tackles the elderly conductor just before the final note, saving the President and Los Angeles. Siegfried, despite his plan failing, is satisfied with Dalip's performance and promises not to kill his wife in response, but insults her at the same time. In response, Dalip throws Siegfried into a river. Back in CONTROL headquarters, a party is held in Max's honor, where 99 gives him a puppy. Max is afterwards given honors and gets his dream of becoming a real spy. While leaving, Max attempts to fix the jammed door, much to 99's dismay, and ends up jammed between the sliding doors as a humorous ending shot.
The Probation Wife	American	comedy	Sidney Franklin	As described in a film magazine,[5] novelest Harrison Wade (Meighan) goes with his fiancee and a wealthy rouge to a resort where wine and women are to be held for the asking. Disgusted with his fiance's flirtations, he meets Jo (Talmadge), an orphan kept captive, and gives her money to escape. She fails in her attempt and is later sent to a reformatory, from which she escapes and makes her way to the city. To save her from recapture, Wade marries her, promising to divorce her when her probation is over. His former fiance, now married to the millionaire, continues to take Wade, whom she really loves, around with her. Wades best friend Huntley McMerton (Francis) persuades Jo to appear with him at various cafes in order to get Wade to declare that he loves her. This Wade is finally forced to do, and they then explain their scheme to him and the couple lives happily.
High Security Vacation	Russian	comedy	Igor Zaytsev	Viktor Sumarokov – experienced thief-recidivist nicknamed Sumrak is a person of authority to all prisoners. Yevgeny Koltsov is a former Ministry of Internal Affairs employee who is a well-deserved hero for courageous fighting in Chechnya. As a result of carelessness, he accidentally hurts a venal colleague. When the former lawman becomes imprisoned, chief of the penitentiary, lieutenant colonel UFSIN Vyshkin comes to Sumrak with a request to protect Koltsov from the threats of prisoners. The ringleader's closest aide learns that he wants to protect Koltsov (since the higher authorities have arrived for a holiday arranged on the premises, and problems connected with the death of the prisoner-militiaman would be detrimental) and using the promise of an early release he persuades another inmate authority, Shaman, to start a commotion and remove Koltsov with the goal being to undermine Vyshkin. A fight begins in which Koltsov gets wounded and he is taken to the hospital together with wounded Sumarokov. Having recovered himself in the hospital, Koltsov realizes that he can not survive in the zone until Shaman retreats. Then he asks his combat friend, commander of the special forces of the Federal Penitentiary Service Sergey Gagarin, to help him escape from the hospital. In the process of suppressing the riot in the zone, Sumarokov is wounded by special forces. Koltsov trusts Sumrak and takes him along. Gagarin hides the runaway convicts in a pioneer camp by the name of Shipboy where there is a shortage of male leaders. Now they call themselves Victor Sergeevich Romashkin and Yevgeny Dmitrievich Ubegaev. Children, honoring the pioneer traditions, mock their superiors in whichever way they can. However in attempts to make their squad the best and win a trip to St. Petersburg, the former convicts discover qualities in themselves which they never suspected before ...
Jane Steps Out	British	comedy	Paul L. Stein	A young woman is overshadowed by her more glamorous sister. With the help of her grandmother she transforms herself and is able to attract a man.[3]
Dumb and Dumber To	American	comedy	Bobby Farrelly	Twenty years after the events of the first film, Lloyd Christmas has been committed at Baldy View Sanitarium, a mental institution, ever since his doomed romance with Mary Swanson. During a recent visit, Harry Dunne discovers that Lloyd pranked him into thinking he was traumatized the entire time. They head to their apartment, where Harry reveals he needs a donated kidney. They go to Harry's old home, but Harry cannot get a kidney from his parents because he was adopted. Harry's dad gives him his mail that has been piling up since he moved out. It includes a postcard from a former girlfriend, Fraida Felcher, dating back to 1991. It says she is pregnant and needs Harry to call. Fraida admits that she had a daughter named Fanny that she gave up for adoption. She wrote Fanny a letter, only for it to be returned and instructed to never contact her again. Hoping she can provide a kidney, Lloyd and Harry drive a hearse that Fraida gave them to Oxford, Maryland, where she now lives. Dr. Bernard Pinchelow and his wife Adele are Fanny's adoptive parents. Fanny, who has taken the name Penny, is going to a KEN Convention in El Paso to give a speech on her father's life work. Penny is given a package to be given to one of the convention heads but ends up forgetting the package and her phone. Adele is secretly trying to poison Bernard and Penny out of jealousy, with the help of her secret lover, the family's housekeeper, Travis Lippincott. Harry and Lloyd arrive to inform the Pinchelows of their situation. Bernard realizes Penny left the package, which he says is an invention worth billions. Adele suggests that Harry and Lloyd deliver the package to Penny. So that he and Adele can get the contents of the box, Travis accompanies Harry and Lloyd. Annoyed with the duo's antics, Travis attempts to kill them but dies in a train collision. Adele hears of the death from Travis's twin brother Captain Lippincott, a former military man who agrees to help her kill Harry and Lloyd. When the duo arrives in El Paso on a stolen Zamboni ice resurfacer, Harry impersonates Bernard, so he and Lloyd are invited to a seminar. They get into an argument when Harry discovers that Lloyd has developed a romantic attraction to Penny. After being escorted out of the convention due to not being on the attendance list, Lloyd gets a call from Penny. After informing Penny that he is in town with her dad, they arrange a meeting during which Lloyd deduces that he, not Harry, is Penny's father. Adele arrives at the convention with Lippincott and exposes Harry as a fraud, telling the convention heads that he stole the package. Fraida also arrives and tampers with the fire alarm to create a diversion after she and Penny are denied entry. As the building is evacuated, Harry runs into Fraida and Penny, only to have Lippincott and Adele corner them with guns in a bathroom. At this moment, Lloyd returns, having been to Mexico to have one of his own kidneys removed for Lloyd. Lippincott and Adele are about to shoot, but three FBI agents bust in with a healthy-looking Bernard, who knew all along that Adele was trying to poison him. It is revealed that it was Adele, not Penny, who wrote do not contact again on Fraida's letter, and that the priceless invention in the package was in fact nothing but cupcakes. Adele attempts to shoot Penny, but Harry jumps in front of the bullet and is severely injured. Adele and Lippincott are arrested. Harry is rushed to the hospital where he reveals that he was pranking Lloyd about needing a kidney and both laugh. Fraida tells Harry and Lloyd that Penny’s biological father is a dead high school friend named Pete Pee-Stain Stainer. As the duo leave El Paso, they spot two women walking in their direction and shove them into a bush as a joke. Harry and Lloyd run off and high-five each other.
Light Up the Sky!	British	comedy	Lewis Gilbert	This comedy is about a bumbling searchlight unit during the Second World War. Ensemble acting creates a series of intertwining stories that involve the various soldiers assigned to this post. Lt. Ogleby (Ian Carmichael) is the cheerful, inept officer in charge, then there is the womaniser whose concept of birth control is limited, the lovesick soldier unhappy over a misunderstanding with his girlfriend, the Cockney cook, the father-figure and several others.[5]
Garfield: The Movie	American	comedy	Peter Hewitt	Garfield is an overweight and free-spirited orange cat who lives with his owner, Jon Arbuckle. Garfield passes his time by antagonizing Jon and teasing an aggressive neighbor Doberman Pinscher, Luca. Aside from Jon, Garfield maintains an unlikely friendship with a helpful mouse, Louis. He also socializes with his fellow neighborhood cats, including Garfield's stooge Nermal and Arlene. Meanwhile, a local television host, Happy Chapman, known for his cat Persnikitty is introduced as supposedly a happy man. In reality he is allergic to cats, jealous of his brother Walter J. Chapman, a news reporter, and destined to be more successful by performing on TV show Good Day New York. Jon has made a habit of bringing Garfield to the veterinarian, in order to see vet Dr. Liz Wilson (whom he is in love with). Jon tries to ask her out, but due to a misunderstanding, he is given custody of a stray dog, Odie, who is lovable and friendly. Regardless, Jon and Liz begin dating. Garfield however, dislikes Odie and tries to remove him from the household by getting revenge. Odie is brought to a canine talent show, where Liz is a judge. Garfield gets involved in an altercation there with other dogs, which moves Odie to the center of the ring, where he begins dancing to Hey Mama by the Black Eyed Peas. His improvised performance is a hit. Happy Chapman, who also is a judge of the dog show is impressed with Odie, and offers Jon a television deal for Odie, but Jon declines. When Garfield comes back, he accidentally hits a ball in frustration, and causing a chain reaction that trashes Jon's house, and when Jon finds the house in shambles later, he forces Garfield to sleep outside for the night as punishment. Heartbroken, Garfield sadly sings (New Dog State of Mind). When Odie comes out to comfort Garfield, he gets inside and locks Odie out. Nermal and Arlene witness this as Odie runs away; he is then picked up by an elderly woman named Mrs. Baker. Jon searches with Liz for Odie while the neighborhood animals blames Garfield for locking Odie out and making him run away the night before while Garfield states that he only was protecting his turf and never wanted Odie to run off. Meanwhile, Chapman and his assistant Wendell find a notice Mrs. Baker created of Odie and, recognizing the lucrative possibilities, claim Odie as Happy's own. When Garfield sees Odie on television and hears Chapman announce he and Odie are going to New York City, Garfield sets out to rescue Odie. Jon discovers Garfield missing so Jon and Liz start searching. Garfield gets into the broadcast tower via the air vents but he is blown around violently. Garfield finds Odie locked in a room; Chapman enters and secures a shock collar to Odie, which, when activated, releases an electric discharge that forces him to perform tricks. Chapman heads for the train station with Garfield in close pursuit. However, an animal control officer catches Garfield mistaking him as a runaway. Mrs. Baker tells Jon that Chapman took Odie, making him believe Garfield was taken by Chapman too and he and Liz race to Telegraph Tower and then to the train station, after learning Chapman has left. Garfield is released from the pound by Chapman's abandoned feline star, Persnikitty, who is really named Sir Roland. Chapman boards a Texas-bound train, with Odie in the luggage car. Garfield arrives only to see the train depart. Garfield sneaks into the train system control room and frantically switches the tracks, leading to an impending train wreck. Garfield hits an emergency control and causes Chapman/Odie's train to return to the station. Garfield frees Odie and they exit the train. However, Chapman chases them. Chapman threatens Odie with the shock collar, but is stopped by Garfield's friends and animals from the pound, led by Sir Roland. They swarm and attack Chapman, allowing Odie and Garfield to escape. The shock collar is now on Chapman who gets shocked. Jon and Liz arrive to reclaim the animals and find Chapman disoriented. Jon punches Chapman in the face for stealing both his pets, and leaves with Liz and the two animals. Chapman is arrested for his supposed involvement with the trains, as well as for abducting Odie. Garfield regains the respect of his animal friends as a hero. Back at home, Liz and Jon form a relationship, and Garfield learnt his lesson about friendship.
Garfield: A Tail of Two Kitties	American	comedy	Tim Hill	Jon Arbuckle plans to propose to his girlfriend Dr. Liz Wilson, who is going on a business trip to London. Jon follows her to the United Kingdom as a surprise; After escaping from the kennel, Garfield and Odie sneak into Jon's luggage and join him on the road trip. Garfield and Odie break out of the hotel room due to boredom, then get lost. Meanwhile, at Carlyle Castle in the British countryside, the late Lady Eleanor's will is read. She leaves all of Carlyle Castle to Prince XII, her beloved cat who looks just like Garfield. This enrages the Lady's nephew, Lord Dargis, who will now only get the grand estate once Prince is out of the picture. Lord Dargis traps Prince in a picnic basket and throws him into the river. Garfield inadvertently switches places with Prince: Jon finds Prince climbing out of a drain and takes him to the hotel, while Prince's butler Smithee finds Garfield in the street and takes him to Carlyle Castle. In the grand estate Garfield is residing in, he receives the royal treatment, including a butler and a team of four-legged servants and followers. Garfield teaches his animal friends how to make lasagna, while Prince learns to adapt to a more humble setting, while in Jon's company. Lord Dargis sees Garfield and thinks Prince has come back – if the lawyers see Prince/Garfield they will not sign the estate over to Dargis, who secretly wants to destroy the barnyand and kill the animals to build a country spa. Dargis makes many attempts to kill Garfield, one involving an unmerciful but dim-witted Rottweiler, Rommel. Eventually Garfield and Prince meet each other for the first time (spoofing the Marx brothers' mirror gag). Jon, with the help of Odie, discovers the mix-up and goes to the castle, which coincidentally Liz is visiting. Garfield and Prince taunt Dargis, whose plan is exposed, and are seen by the lawyers. Dargis threatens everyone if they don't sign the papers to him, taking Liz hostage. Garfield, Prince, Odie and Jon save the day, Smithee alerts the authorities, and Dargis is arrested. Garfield, who had been trying to stop Jon from proposing to Liz, has a change of heart: He helps Jon in proposing, and she accepts.
Nickel Queen	Australian	comedy	John McCallum	Meg Blake is the widowed owner of a pub in a small desert town in Western Australia. Corrupt American mining executive Ed Benson starts the rumour of a nickel discovery to sell shares to gullible investors. Meg heads the rumour and stakes the first claim. Benson promotes her as the Nickel Queen. Hippie Claude Fitzherbert follows Meg into Perth high society and becomes her lover. Benson is exposed as a fraud, Fitzherbert deserts Meg and runs off with Benson's wife and Meg is reunited with an old suitor from her hometown.
Carry On Teacher	British	comedy	Gerald Thomas	During the current term at Maudlin Street Secondary Modern School, William Wakefield (Ted Ray) – who has been at the school for 20 years – is acting headmaster. He spots an advertisement for a headmaster of a brand new school near where he was born and decides to apply for the post. Because of a coinciding visit by a Ministry of Education Inspector (Miss Wheeler, played by Rosalind Knight) and the noted child psychiatrist Alistair Grigg (Leslie Phillips), he decides to enlist the help of his staff to ensure that the school routine runs smoothly during their visit. While in conference with his teaching staff (including Gregory Adams (Kenneth Connor), science master; Edwin Milton (Kenneth Williams), English master; Michael Bean (Charles Hawtrey), music teacher; Sarah Allcock (Joan Sims), gym mistress and Grace Short (Hattie Jacques), maths teacher); a senior pupil (Robin Stevens, played by Richard O'Sullivan) overhears that Wakefield is planning to leave at the end of term. The pupils are fond of the venerable teacher and Stevens immediately rushes this information to his schoolmates. They plan to sabotage every endeavour that might earn Wakefield praise, which would set him on the road to his new post. On arrival, Grigg and Miss Wheeler are escorted by Wakefield on a tour of inspection and the pupils go out of their way to misbehave in each class they visit. However Griggs' tour has not been in vain: he has taken a shine to Sarah Allcock, the gym mistress and it is obvious the feeling is mutual. Miss Wheeler is disgusted at the behaviour of the children towards the teachers, but is softened when she visits the science master's class, where she feels an instinctive maternal affection for the charm of the nervous science master, Adams. Wakefield realises his position as headmaster of the new school is in jeopardy and, on seeing Miss Wheeler’s interest in Adams, enlists his help. He asks Adams to make advances to Miss Wheeler to win her over. Adams is aghast at the thought, but eventually agrees to do his best. After many unsuccessful attempts to tell Miss Wheeler of his love, Adams finds an untruth has become truth and finally finds enough courage to declare his love. The pupils meanwhile, have been doing everything in their power to make things go wrong, and on the last day of term are caught trying to sabotage the prizegiving. They are told to report to Wakefield’s study and after much cross-examination he learns the reason for the week's events – the pupils simply did not want to see him leave. Wakefield – deeply moved – tells the children he will not leave and will see them all next term. Miss Wheeler, softened by her newfound love, announces that she intends to tell the Ministry that staff-pupil relationships at the school are excellent.
Tons of Trouble	British	comedy	Leslie S. Hiscott	The eccentric caretaker of a block of flats, Mr. Pastry (Richard Hearne), is in charge of two of its boilers, whom he lovingly calls Mavis and Ethel. His affection for the pair leads him into unforeseen problems, and he's fired from his job. Meanwhile, wealthy Sir Hervey Shaw (Austin Trevor) is searching for Mr. Pastry to close an important business deal. Mr. Pastry is found just in the nick of time to save both Sir Hervey's deal, and the temperamental Ethel, who is on the verge of exploding.
Don't Take It to Heart	British	comedy	Jeffrey Dell	When the castle of the earls of Chaunduyt (pronounced Condit) is damaged by German bombing during the Second World War, an ancient ghost is awakened. He is sighted by the butler Alfred Bucket and another servant when they come to inspect the damage, and he becomes front page news. Lawyer Peter Hayward joins a tour of the somewhat decrepit castle (conducted by the poverty-stricken, but unconcerned Lord Chaunduyt), and admires portraits of a young woman, who turns out to be Lady Mary, the present lord's daughter. When Peter comes to look at manuscripts that were also uncovered by the bombing, he is pleasantly surprised to find that his lordship has forgotten the appointment, but Lady Mary has returned home and can be persuaded to assist him. (She has socialist tendencies and is engaged to commoner George Bucket, much to her snobbish aunt's displeasure.) They spend much time together; after a week, Peter asks Mary if she was only trying to help sell the manuscripts. She admits it is important to her father, then tells him she has to go away the next day when he makes it clear he is attracted to her. When Peter asks when she found out, she tells him it was half a minute ago. In the local pub, the ghost tries to engage a somewhat inebriated Peter to take on a case after Pike ploughs up a cricket pitch; over 400 years, his conscience has grown to bother him that he fenced in land that did not belong to him. When Mary returns, she finds Peter still there. She then tells him that her fiance, whom she has seen only once briefly since they were children, is coming home from the war. Discouraged, Peter decides to leave. At the train station, he learns that Pike has confiscated the land Harry used to operate a brickyard, probably out of spite for losing the case over the cricket grounds, and now people are saying that he is responsible. At a party, Mary inadvertently learns that George is engaged to someone else, which makes her distraught. However, she pulls herself together when Peter appears; she continues to discourage his romantic interest in her. Meanwhile, Peter concocts a plan. He has some of the local residents move sheep onto the confiscated land. When Pike takes the matter to court, presided over by Lord Chaunduyt, Peter pleads not guilty for himself and all of the other defendants. Pike is represented by Sir Henry Wade and Patterson. Peter proceeds to contend that the recently discovered manuscripts prove the Lord Chaunduyt who enclosed the land originally was not in fact Lord Chaunduyt at all. Peter calls Dr. Rose of the British Museum as his first witness. He confirms the authenticity of the manuscripts and reads a paragraph which contains a deathbed confession that a man switched his child with the infant Lord Chaunduyt. Peter then asserts that the rightful earl is poacher Harry Bucket! Sir Henry demands that Peter produce a witness to the signature. The ghost unexpectedly appears, takes the witness stand and confirms that the signature is that of his father. The case is dismissed. Harry is made Lord Chaunduyt by act of Parliament. Peter confesses to Mary that his aged father is a baronet and overcomes her outrage with a kiss. Meanwhile, the former earl enjoys himself by poaching.
Bucky Larson: Born to Be a Star	American	comedy	Tom Brady	Bucky Larson (Nick Swardson), a small-town manchild with big buck-teeth, stumbles upon a family secret: His quiet and reserved parents (Edward Herrmann and Miriam Flynn) were famous porn stars in the 1970s. This motivates him to leave northern Iowa for Hollywood, hoping to follow in their footsteps and fulfill his destiny as the biggest adult-film star in the world. Unfortunately, he has no idea how to become a porn star like his parents, and his penis is incredibly small. Through a series of misunderstandings, he gets a job as a porn actor with fading director Miles Deep (Don Johnson). He makes several films, and achieves a certain fame when his small penis makes women appreciate their partner's endowment. Along the way he meets and falls in love with Kathy (Christina Ricci), a kindhearted waitress. Bucky chooses Kathy over fame, but she rejects him without explanation, leaving him brokenhearted. During a film shoot, Miles confesses that he had told Kathy to leave Bucky so he could have his prize star all to himself. Bucky forgives Miles and goes after Kathy, who is on a horrible date with another porn star, the well-endowed but narcissistic Dick Shadow (Stephen Dorff). Bucky declares his love, and the two get married. After one year, Bucky opens his own famous steakhouse. One night, his former roommate (Kevin Nealon) comes into the restaurant and yells at him for owing him rent money, and tells Bucky he is just like John Mayer.
For Your Consideration	American	comedy	Christopher Guest	Character actress Marilyn Hack (O'Hara), despite having been in the entertainment industry for 30 years, is best known for playing a blind prostitute in a film from the late 1980s. Victor Allen Miller (Shearer) is also an acting veteran who is known to the public as the hot-dog wearing mascot for a kosher line of frankfurters. Together they are cast in a new low-budget film called Home for Purim as the patriarch and dying matriarch of a Southern U.S. Jewish family in the 1940s. A newcomer ingenue, Callie Webb (Posey), plays their lesbian daughter, who has come home along with her girlfriend (Rachael Harris). Rounding out the cast is Brian Chubb (Christopher Moynihan), playing Webb's brother who has returned home from the Navy. The family reunites in time to celebrate the Jewish holiday of Purim. Home for Purim's cast and crew are in the process of making what appears to be a cheap melodrama. The director (Guest) is constantly adding bizarre camera shots and acting notes. The producer (Coolidge), heiress to a diaper service, dresses flamboyantly but doesn't seem to know much about managing a film beyond paying for expenses. The two writers (Balaban and McKean) are at odds with the director, seeing their script mash together Southern genteel with out-of-place Jewish references and words. The film-within-a-film's plot centers around the daughter's confession of her lesbianism as her mother gets nearer to death and the family celebrates an awkward Purim. Because of an off-hand remark that turns into a full-blown rumor, Oscar buzz begins around all of the cast (with the exception of Chubb). Each begins obsessing about the award potential in his or her own way. Hack pretends not to care while secretly pining for the award. Miller begins to demand a higher salary and push his agent (Levy) for more dignified work. Webb breaks up with Chubb (her boyfriend), claiming he is not being supportive. He is virtually left in the dark. The obnoxious entertainment news program Hollywood Now and its hosts (Willard and Lynch) fuel the awards-season buzz, even coming to the set to interview the cast. At this point, studio executives butt in and force the writers to make script changes, feeling the film is too Jewish. It is retitled Home for Thanksgiving. Despite the changes, the Oscar buzz intensifies to the point where Hack, Miller, and Webb are convinced they will be nominated for Academy Awards. An inept publicist, Corey Taft (Higgins), becomes very excited about the film's word of mouth, even though he only has a vague idea of what the Internet is. They all begin to do major press appearances for the film. These are often embarrassing, both for the actors and the movie audience. Miller appears on a hip-hop teen show called Chillaxin' in youthful attire with capped teeth, a tan, and dyed blonde hair. Hack gets breast implants and extensive plastic surgery to the point where her face is comically ecstatic. Callie goes on an L.A. shock-jock radio show, only to field questions about topless scenes rather than her performance. All rise early in the morning for the televised announcement of the Oscar nominees, although Miller doesn't even own a TV. Ultimately the only person nominated for an award is Chubb, the one person for whom there was no buzz at all. (He sleeps in on the morning of the announcement of the nominations.) Miller goes back to auditioning for food commercials and other infomercials for useless products. Webb revives her failed one-woman show, No Penis Intended. Hack (after a drunken, explosive rant on Hollywood Now) becomes an acting teacher and seems uncomfortably at peace with her mediocre career.
Wedding Rehearsal	British	comedy	Alexander Korda	Reggie (Roland Young), the carefree Marquis of Buckminster, is happy to serve as best man at his friends' weddings, but loathes the idea of getting married himself. However, his grandmother (Kate Cutler), the Dowager Marchioness of Buckminster, is impatient for him to have children and gives him an ultimatum: find a wife or she will cut off his allowance. She gives him a list of half a dozen or so candidates she has handpicked. At the head of the list are the twin daughters of the Earl of Stokeshire (George Grossmith, Jr.), Lady Mary Rose (Wendy Barrie) and Lady Rose Mary (Joan Gardner). Observing his discomfort with interest is the Marchioness's secretary and companion, Miss Hutchinson (Merle Oberon, in her first credited role). Reggie had been seeing a beautiful married woman, Mrs. Dryden (Diana Napier), but faced with poverty, he gives in. He flips a coin to decide between the twins, but finds (to his relief) that both already have beaus, Bimbo (John Loder) and Tootles (Maurice Evans). However, the young ladies have been reluctant to approach their status-conscious father, as their sweethearts are commoners. Reggie comes up with the idea to save himself from marriage by getting all his grandmother's candidates engaged, starting with the twins. He helps the two couples by leaking the story of their engagements to the press, forcing the earl to (reluctantly) accept the situation. The guests spend the days leading up to the dual wedding at the earl's country estate, affording Reggie the opportunity to successfully play matchmaker for the rest of the women on his list. One night, he finds Miss Hutchinson alone and crying; he guesses she is having romantic problems of her own and advises her to look her man straight in the eye and have it out. Later, she takes his advice...and confronts him. Reggie then discovers he is not so opposed to marriage after all. All is complete when the Marchioness herself accepts the proposal of a longtime admirer, Major Harry Roxbury (Morton Selten).
Strange Planet	Australian	comedy	Emma-Kate Croghan	The film explores the lives of three male friends and three female friends over the course of one year. Judy has an affair with her married boss. Sally is a party girl open to all experiences. Alice is morally strict but feels stuck. Ewan is a lawyer who hates the law. Joel is left by his wife. Neil is desperate for love.
Home	American	comedy	Tim Johnson	On the run from their enemy, the so-called planet-destroying Gorg, an alien race known as the Boov find Earth a suitable place to call home. Led by Captain Smek (Steve Martin), they commence their friendly invasion of the planet, relocating the humans, whom the Boov deem as simple and backwards, to other parts of the planet while the Boov inhabit their homes in a quick and bloodless conquest. One of the Boov, named Oh (Jim Parsons), is a more excitable, freethinking member of the species, who decides to invite the Boov to his apartment for a housewarming party, despite the race's antipathy towards him. Not far from Oh is a fourteen year old[6] girl named Gratuity 'Tip' Tucci (Rihanna), who drives away through her home city to find her mother Lucy (Jennifer Lopez) after being separated from her during the invasion, leaving her with only her calico cat Pig and fueling her hatred for the Boov. Oh runs into the street to meet up with a Boov cop named Kyle (Matt Jones), who, like the rest of the Boov, doesn't want to befriend him. Oh invites him to the party but accidentally sends a mass invite to every Boov on Earth. However, the send all button he pressed actually sends the invite to absolutely every alien race in the entire universe including the Gorg. Everyone, aggravated with Oh for revealing their location to the enemy, starts chasing him down. Oh runs into a convenience store to hide just as Tip and Pig enter the same store to grab supplies. They come across each other, and after Tip's car fails to start, Oh transforms it into a fantastical, hovering craft named Slushious to continue transportation. Oh hitches a ride with Tip when he promises to help her find Lucy, but unfortunately, they must to go to the Boov Command Center in Paris and locate her from there. After reaching the Boov Command Center, which is in the now-floating Eiffel Tower, Oh manages to get into his account, and deletes the message with just a second to spare before it reaches the Gorg. He then plugs in Tip's brain to help her find Lucy. They eventually trace her location to Australia, where she is also looking for her daughter. The other Boov then find the two and try to erase Oh, while Tip grabs the gravity manipulation system and flips it over, causing the whole Tower to tilt upside down. As Oh and Tip head off to Australia, they see other Boov riding by them in fear, and realize that a Gorg ship is close behind them. Tip and Oh manage to knock it down, but in the process a chunk of it hits them and they lose their slushie fuel, causing the car to crash-land. They come across the fallen Gorg ship and find out that it is actually a drone. Oh recovers a special chip and uses it to get their car up and running. Tip and Oh make it to Australia and see the Boov evacuating to their mothership. When they land the car, Tip immediately starts looking for her mother, but Oh insists on evacuating with the other Boov instead. Tip gets angry at him for trying to break their promise again, and she declares that he was never truly her friend. Heartbroken, Oh returns to the ship. The Gorg mothership comes close to the Boov ship, but Oh pulls out the Gorg chip and uses it to fly the ship further away from the Gorg. The Boov become astonished at Oh's plan, but Smek becomes upset and reminds everyone that he is the captain. However, after Oh tells the Boov about what he learned from Tip, the Boovs then mutiny against Smek and Kyle grabs Smek's Shusher (a scepter with a rock on top of it, which Smek stole from the Gorg) and gives it to Oh, declaring him the new captain, much to Smek's dismay. Tip rushes aimlessly around the city to find Lucy, but in vain. Just when all hope seems lost, Oh returns to her side and helps her track down Lucy. The mother and daughter finally reunite and thank Oh. Suddenly, the Gorg mothership descends upon the planet, and Oh realizes that they want the rock on the Shusher, since Smek had previously stolen it from them. Oh runs to the ship to try to attract its attention, locking Tip and Lucy in the car for safety. Tip breaks out of the car and shines a light in the Gorg Commander (Brian Stepanek)'s face to bring his attention to Oh as he holds the rock up. The Gorg Commander halts the ship as it crunches down on the ground, with Oh directly in its path. Tip rushes to rescue him, but Oh is seemingly crushed beneath the ship. It backs up and Oh is okay. The Gorg Commander emerges from his armor to show that he is actually a harmless starfish-like creature. Oh returns the rock to him, which turns out to be an egg for millions of developing Gorg larvae; the next generation of Gorg, revealing that the Gorg Commander/Father had been the last of his kind, alone and almost extinct. He thanks Oh and departs. Two weeks later, the humans have returned to their original homes, and Oh finally gets to have his party at his apartment, with both humans and Boov in attendance. Tip plays her music and gets the rest of the Boov to experience dancing for the first time, while other Boov, including a reformed Smek, party on the moon, and thousands of ships from other planets, including the Gorg, head to Earth for Oh's party upon receiving his invite.
 Nacho Libre	American	comedy	Jared and Jerusha Hess	Ignacio's parents were a Scandinavian Lutheran missionary and a Mexican deacon, who both died when Ignacio was young. Now a cook for the Oaxaca, Mexico, monastery orphanage where he was raised, Ignacio dreams of becoming a luchador, but wrestling is strictly forbidden by the monastery. Ignacio cares deeply for the orphans and loves them with all his heart, but his food is terrible because he cannot afford quality ingredients. He also struggles over his feelings for Sister Encarnación, a nun who teaches at the orphanage. One night, while collecting donated tortilla chips for the orphans, Ignacio is robbed of the chips by a street thief named Steven. After a fight between the two, Ignacio decides to disregard the monastery's rules and become a luchador in order to make money. He convinces Steven to join him with the promise of remuneration if they win, and the two join a local competition as tag partners. Ignacio changes his name to Nacho to keep his identity secret, while Steven adopts the name Esqueleto (Skeleton). They are defeated in their first match, but are nevertheless paid, as every wrestler is entitled to a portion of the total revenue. They continue to wrestle every week, with Ignacio using his pay to buy and prepare better food for the orphans. Ignacio gets used to losing some fights, but after a while, he gradually grows annoyed with the consistent losses. Steven brings him to a water gypsy who tells Ignacio to climb to an eagle's nest, crack open the egg and swallow the yolk, claiming that he will gain the powers of an eagle. Ignacio completes the task, but still loses the next several bouts, frustrating him. He seeks advice from champion luchador Ramses, but Ramses is vain and in no mood to help aspiring wrestlers. Ignacio's secret is finally exposed to the entire monastery when his robe catches fire during church, exposing his wrestling costume. He admits that he is Nacho and tells them that he intends to fight at a battle royale between eight luchadores for the right to take on Ramses, and for a cash prize, which he will use to improve life for the orphans. But the wrestler Silencio wins the match; Nacho comes in second place. Getting evicted from the monastery, Ignacio leaves to wander in the nearby wilderness. The next morning, Steven comes to tell him that Silencio has been injured (Steven ran over his foot) and cannot fight, meaning that Nacho—as the second-place finisher—receives the right to fight Ramses. Ignacio and Steven agree to team up again. That night, Ignacio sends a message via Steven to Encarnación, explaining his plan and confessing his love to her (as a sister). Despite initial difficulty, Nacho does well in the match. When the crowd begins to support Ignacio, Ramses resorts to cheating. Nacho is nearly defeated—indeed, unmasked—by Ramses, when Encarnación enters the stadium with the orphans. Elated and inspired, Nacho rallies himself and defeats Ramses. Ignacio becomes a professional wrestler and buys a bus for the orphans with his prize money. The film closes with Ignacio, Steven and Sister Encarnación taking the children on a field trip to the city of Monte Albán.
One Wild Oat	British	comedy	Charles Saunders	A barrister (Robertson Hare) attempts to discourage his daughter's infatuation for a philanderer by revealing his past. The plan backfires when the daughter's would-be father-in-law (Stanley Holloway) threatens to reveal the barrister's shady background.
What Men Talk About	Russian	comedy	Dmitry Dyashchenko	What Men Talk About? Of course, women. But also about work, money, cars, football ... but in general about women. And if they have two days when they escape from their offices and families, to get away from all the cares and commitments – two days, eventful and adventurous – you can be sure that this time they will have time to discuss a lot of things ... And More. From these conversations – we know for sure – many women learn about themselves a lot of new things. Four friends are going to go to Odessa for the concert of a famous Russian band ‘B-2’. Two of them, Alexey and Sasha, have problems in the morning: one can not deal with things around the house, the other – cannot get rid of the annoying customers at work. When, finally, they join their other friends who already left, Camille and Slava, they begin to talk about all sorts of things. Thus, the first day on the road passes. They spend the night in a hotel village ‘Beldyazhki’. The next day, the heroes continue to talk about life, passing through Kiev, where they buy paintings by Tishchenko and at the same time discussing modern art. By the end of the movie 4 men get into a car accident, but still make it in time for the concert. What Men Talk About – this is the third, and by far, the best film of the cult theater Quartet. Four middle-aged friends receive an invitation from their friend in Odessa to come to him for his birthday, and at the same time attend a concert of a famous Russian group B-2. Each of them, like all of us, has a difficulty with time. One has work, the second – has his wife and children, the third – has both work and family, but still, with great a difficulty, they manage to escape for a few days. They sit in the car and go to the long journey. On the road, they have many adventures, many of which can knock a person out of a rut. But when you have people next to you with whom you can talk about everything, all the hardships of life become insignificant ... And real men are known to have a lot of different topics for discussion. Work, parties, money, music, clubs, and of course – women. If a man is still single, he is concerned about the issue – whether to get married. And married ones concern whether they can cheat on their wife.
You Know What Sailors Are	British	comedy	Ken Annakin	Three British naval officers out on a drunken spree attach a pram and a pawnbroker's sign to the stern of a foreign naval ship. The next morning, an officer misinterprets the pram and sign as state of the art, top-secret radar equipment. Instantly, the British navy decrees that their ships be fitted with the same device. Thereafter, bureaucratic misunderstandings escalate into a major international incident.
Cheer Boys Cheer	British	comedy	Walter Forde	The film depicts the rivalry between two firms of brewers. Ironsides, a modern company led by the ruthless Edward Ironside and his son John, seeks territorial expansion to crush its rivals and seize control of their business. They are faced by the smaller, more gently run Greenleaf brewery which is about to celebrate its 150th anniversary.
Girls at Sea	British	comedy	Gilbert Gunn	Officers throw an extravagant party on board the battleship HMS Scotia when it visits the French Riviera. At the end of the night, the final shore-boat is judged unseaworthy, and three attractive female guests, Mary (Ann Kimball), Jill (Mary Steele) and Antoinette (Nadine Tallier), must spend the night on board ship. But before they can be escorted ashore the next day, the battleship is called out on manoeuvres off the coast of Italy. Having no choice but to take the women along, Captain Maitland (Guy Rolfe) must hide the girls presence from the admiral (Michael Hordern).
Down Among the Z Men	British	comedy	Maclean Rogers	Harry Jones (Secombe) is a clerk in Mr. Crab's general mercantile store and an amateur actor in community theatre, where he is currently playing a Scotland Yard inspector, Batts of the Yard. When the absentminded Prof. Osrick Purehart (Bentine) leaves a secret military formula in the store, mayhem ensues as two suspicious secret agents, who have been shadowing the professor, question Harry regarding the formula. In an attempt to return the formula to the professor, Harry goes to an Army post, Camp Warwell, where he is mistakenly enlisted in the Z Men, ostensibly an elite unit guarding atomic secrets but in reality a ragtag group of reservists, retreads, and others of marginal (at best) competence. A pair of enemy spies kidnap an adjutant newly assigned to the camp. One of the spies then impersonates him at Camp Warwell. The post’s commander, Colonel Bloodnok (Sellers), has been assigned for security purposes a supposed daughter (Carole Carr) who is actually a female MI5 operative. Harry soon becomes smitten with the daughter, and they work together to foil an attempt by the secret agents to purloin Prof. Pureheart’s formula.[1]
My Big Father	Malayalam	comedy	Mahesh P.Sreenivasan	Kunjumon (Guinness Pakru) lands up in Kochi with an infant in hand. He approaches a teashop owner played by Innocent, with a recommendation letter, who says there is no scope for him there as the shop is on the verge of closing down. By the time the credits end, the business has turned around and the infant has grown up. The boy grows up to be a strapping young man Alby (Jayaram), dancing on the beaches of Goa with his father and a bunch of dancers for company. We see that the father too has 'grown up,' sporting a handle bar moustache with salt and pepper hair. He is now the owner of a successful catering firm, managed by his former employer. Everything is hunky dory and things stay in a comedic vein; the inkling of conflict comes in the form of a vow taken by Alby that he will not marry a girl who laughs at his father. As luck would have it, Alby falls in love with Ancy (Kanika), whom he spots in a shopping mall, and they get married. But things do not move smoothly, leading Kunjumon to ostracization from his own family and to contemplating suicide. Kunjumon is taken to the hospital, the doctor says that his head is seriously injured, which will cause some changes in his afterlife such as he will not remember anyone, and he might behave like a child.
Up to His Neck	British	comedy	John Paddy Carstairs	Sailor Jack Carter (Ronald Shiner) has been marooned for ten years on a South Sea island, and treated as a King by natives. He is eventually rescued by the Royal Navy, who then use him to train up commandos to recover a stolen submarine, and to foil an oriental criminal plot.
Climbing High	British	comedy	Carol Reed	Nicky Brooke (Michael Redgrave) a wealthy young man who despite his engagement to the aristocratic (and broke) Lady Constance Westaker (Margaret Vyner) falls for hard-up model Diana Castles (Jessie Matthews) after nearly running her over with his car. In an effort to distance himself from 'tabloid' created tales of his playboy lifestyle, he changes his name and attempts to woo Diana by pretending to be poor.
You and Your Stupid Mate	Australian	comedy	Marc Gracie, Kate Gorman	Two best friends who live together in a caravan park discover that their favourite soap opera is about to be cancelled. They go on a quest to save the show.
Poi Solla Porom	Tamil	comedy	A. L. Vijay	Sathyanathan (Nedumudi Venu) is a typical middle class man who has just retired. He wants to buy a plot of land in the city and move in with his wife and children - Uppilinathan (Karthik Kumar), Vishwanathan and Sindhu. But his son Uppilinathan - who is a software engineer - has no interest in the house and is keen to leave India for New York, where he has obtained a job. Sathyanathan buys the plot from World Famous Properties which is managed by Vijayakumar (Cochin Hanifa). When he goes to break stone to build his house, he finds a compound wall erected over his plot with the nameplate saying Baby Properties. After numerous attempts to meet him, Sathyanathan finally meets Baby who wants him to pay half the amount paid for the plot to be paid to Baby in order to vacate the plot. The Sathyanathans try to think of solutions and finally resort to hiring thugs to break the compound at night. Sathyanathan is arrested the next morning. Through all this, Uppilinathan's attitude towards his father's problem changes when he sees how attached he is to the property. Uppili meets a travel agent Asifbhai (Bosskey) who was baby's assistant and cheated by him . Uppili with help of his girlfriend Amrutha (Piaa Bajpai)convince Daddy (mouli), who is a stage actor and got 136 awards, to act as Varma, an NRI businessman from Dubai who has to India to sell a plot which actually belongs to fisheries board of govt. At last the fishery land is given to Baby and the family get their land.The film ends with family of Sathyanathan living happily ever after. Baby's assistant Johnny reveals there is no man in the name of Varma. Baby acknowledges that he has been cheated and decides cover it up to preserve his reputation.
Casa de Mi Padre	American	comedy	Matt Piedmont	Armando Álvarez (Will Ferrell) has lived and worked on his father's ranch in Mexico his entire life. As the ranch encounters financial difficulties, Armando's younger brother Raúl (Diego Luna), shows up with his new fiancée, Sonia (Génesis Rodríguez). It seems that Raúl's success as an international businessman means the ranch's troubles are over as he pledges to settle all debts his father has incurred. But when Armando falls for Sonia, and Raúl's business dealings turn out to be less than legitimate, all hell breaks loose as they find themselves in a war with Mexico's most feared drug lord, the mighty Onza (Gael García Bernal).[1]
The Smallest Show on Earth	British	comedy	Basil Dearden	Travers and McKenna play Matt and Jean, a young couple (they were married in real life) with a longing to visit exotic places such as Samarkand. Matt inherits a cinema from his great uncle. When they look over their new property, they first mistake the modern Grand for it. They are soon disillusioned to learn that the cinema they actually own is the old decrepit Bijou Kinema (nicknamed the flea pit), which is sandwiched between two railway bridges. Along with the cinema come three long-time employees: Mrs. Fazackalee (Rutherford), the cashier and bookkeeper; Mr. Quill (Sellers), the projectionist; and Old Tom (Miles) the commissionaire, doorkeeper and usher. Robin (Phillips), their solicitor, informs them that the Grand's owner, Mr. Hardcastle (De Wolff), had offered to buy the Bijou from Matt's great uncle for five thousand pounds in order to construct a car park for his nearby cinema. When they see their competitor however, he only offers them five hundred, thinking they have no choice but to accept. Instead, on Robin's advice, they pretend to want to reopen the Bijou in order to force Hardcastle to raise his offer. At first, they seem to be succeeding, but then Old Tom inadvertently lets slip their overheard plan and Hardcastle refuses to budge. They decide to carry on with their bluff and go through with the opening. After a few mishaps, the business flourishes, especially after Matt employs the curvaceous Marlene Hogg (Cunningham) to sell ice creams and other treats at the interval. Hardcastle counters by slipping a bottle of whisky into the next shipment of film reels for Quill, who has a drinking problem. He eventually succumbs to the temptation (while parched actors crawl across a desert on the screen; showing this type of film was actually a ploy to sell more ice cream and soft drinks to the audience), leaving Matt to try unsuccessfully to substitute for him; Matt is unable to work the antiquated projectors properly, and they are forced to refund the customers' money. Matt and Jean are ready to give up (with Old Tom eavesdropping again) only to wake up the next morning to find that the Grand has burned down. Hardcastle is forced to pay ten thousand pounds for the Bijou in order to stay in business while his cinema is being rebuilt. As an added condition, he has to keep the three staff on as employees. Just as Matt and Jean are leaving on the train, Old Tom tells Matt that It were the only way, weren't it?, implying he committed arson. Alarmed, they decide to write him a letter asking him to clarify his remark, but instead send him a postcard... from Samarkand.
Sunnyside	American	comedy	Charles Chaplin	Charlie works on a farm from 4 a.m. to late at night at the run-down Evergreen Hotel in the rural village of Sunnyside. He has endless duties inside the hotel as well as farm chores. Chaplin's boss is the local preacher who mistreats him badly. He gets his food and the boss' on the run (milking a cow into his coffee, holding an chicken over the frying pan to get fried eggs). Charlie's love interest in the village is the girl played by Edna Purviance. He loves her, but is disliked by her father. One day, while leading some cattle, a steer escapes into the church. Charlie tries to ride it out of harm's way, but instead is tossed off a small bridge. Unconscious, he dreams of an encounter with four beautiful nymphs who dance with him. Back in reality a city slicker is hurt in a car crash and is being cared for by Edna. He appears to have an eye for Edna too. Chaplin tries to win her back by dressing as the city man does--but his homemade spats only prompt ridicule. When Charlie is rejected after attempting to imitate the slicker, he appears to be preparing to commit suicide. However, the result is ambiguous with the film either having a tragic or a happy ending. Critics have long argued as to whether the final scene is real or a dream.
Gulumal-The Escape (ഗുലുമാൽ)	Malayalam	comedy	V.K.Prakash	The film centers on Jerry (Jayasurya), a con man known for his high-stakes scams. His criminal actions create a rift in his family when he attempts to steal the family business from his sister. While planning a heist on a petrol station, Jerry helps an escaped convict, Ravi Varma (Kunchako Boban). Ravi had been caught performing similar heists with a similar con man. Ravi Varma convinces Jerry to plan a formidable heist. An old acquaintance, Bose, tells Jerry of a forged painting that can be used to con a non-resident Indian (NRI) (Devan) out of ₹50 lakhs. The information creates a rift in the newly formed friendship as both Ravi Varma and Jerry attempt to outdo each other in order to take the money. Coincidentally, Jerry's sister is an employee at the hotel where the NRI is staying, and both Ravi Varma and the NRI fall in love with her. Ravi Varma and Jerry eventually lose the painting and decide to buy the original by pooling their money. They then sell it to the NRI for ₹3 crore. However, Jerry's father finds out about the plot and tells Jerry's sister, which further drives the siblings apart. When Jerry and Ravi Varma realize that the check given to them is invalid, they fight and decide to part ways. Jerry runs into the master con man, Bose, who offers to help him resolve the situation, and takes Jerry to the wedding of Ravi Varma and Jerry's sister. Jerry learns that the entire sequence of events, starting from the gas station incident, had been completely staged as a form of gentle revenge in return for the scam that had sent Ravi Varma's father to jail. Jerry asks for forgiveness from everyone and leaves the wedding. As the credits roll, Jerry is seen pondering another scam.
Something in the City	British	comedy	Maclean Rogers	Mr Ningle has been living a lie for seven years by pretending to still be commuting to his financial services job in the City of London from which he had been sacked. Every day, he journeys in and changes into the disguise of his alter ego: an artist who sells paintings on the sidewalk in Trafalgar Square. His life is thrown into turmoil when his deception is nearly discovered by Mr. Holley, the father of his daughter Beryl's new fiancé, Richard. The father happens to be the managing editor of the Evening Courier newspaper and worried about his prospective in-laws. A series of misunderstandings lead to the mistaken belief that Ningle has been murdered by Arty the artist, leading to a massive police manhunt. Ningle manages to stage a fake suicide for Arty, while he reappears and pretends he had amnesia for the past 48 hours. When Holly publishes an offer of a large sum to Arty by way of apology (having heard that he committed suicide), Ningle cannot resist resurrecting the artist, but Holly now suspects the truth. Ningle manages to outmanoeuvre him, however, and presents the money to Beryl and Richard, enabling them to marry despite the opposition of Richard's parents.
The 40-Year-Old Virgin	American	comedy	Judd Apatow	Andy Stitzer is a 40-year-old virgin who lives alone, his apartment filled with his collection of action figures and video games. At a poker game with his co-workers David, Cal, Mooj and Jay, when conversation turns to past sexual exploits, the group learns that Andy is still a virgin, and resolve to help him lose his virginity. The men give Andy different and sometimes contradictory advice, both on his appearance and how to interact with women. Cal advises Andy to simply ask questions, which he practices on bookstore clerk Beth, who quickly becomes intrigued by him. David gives Andy his porn collection, encouraging him to masturbate. Mooj stresses to Andy the importance of love in a relationship. Andy begins to socialize and form friendships with his co-workers. David, after running into his ex girlfriend Amy, has an emotional breakdown at work. Store manager Paula promotes Andy to fill in for him. Jay attempts to quicken the process by tricking Andy into meeting a prostitute. When Andy discovers the hooker is a male transvestite, he insists that his friends stop trying to help him. Andy lands a date with Trish Piedmont, a woman he met on the sales floor. During Andy and Trish's first date, as they are about to have sex, they are interrupted by Trish's teenage daughter Marla. Trish suggests that they postpone having sex, to which Andy enthusiastically agrees. Andy's friends begin to encounter the consequences of their lifestyles. David, obsessed with Amy, takes a vow of celibacy. Jay, who previously boasted of his promiscuity, gets into an argument with a customer after his girlfriend breaks up with him over his infidelity. Jay concedes to Andy that sex can ruin a relationship. Andy and Trish's relationship grows. Trish encourages Andy's dream of starting a business, suggesting they fund it by selling his collectibles. Andy takes Marla to a group session at a sexual health clinic, where she reveals she is a virgin. Andy, trying to defend her against derision, admits that he is also a virgin but is disbelieved and ridiculed. Marla later says that she knows Andy is a virgin, but agrees to let him tell Trish himself. On the couple's 20th date, the limit they agreed for their abstinence, Andy is still resistant, which upsets Trish. Trish demands he explain his reticence, and Andy accuses her of trying to change him against his will. He leaves for a nightclub where he meets his friends, gets drunk and praises them for encouraging him to have sex. Andy runs into Beth and they soon leave for her apartment. Marla convinces Trish to make up with Andy. By this time Andy has sobered up and is having second thoughts. His friends arrive and encourage him to go back to Trish. Andy returns to his apartment, where he finds Trish waiting for him. He attempts to apologize, but Trish, having found various suspicious items in his apartment, is now afraid that Andy may be some sort of sexual deviant. Andy tries to defend himself and declares his love for her, but she leaves in alarm and disgust. Andy chases after her on his bike, but collides with her car and flies through the side of a truck. Trish rushes to his side, and Andy finally confesses that he is a virgin as explanation for his behavior. Trish is surprised but relieved, and they kiss. Later, Andy and Trish are married in a lavish ceremony with everyone in attendance, with a sidelong mention that Andy's action figures sold for over half a million dollars. Afterwards, they consummate the marriage, the aftermath of which transitions into a musical scene where the characters sing and dance to Aquarius/Let the Sunshine In.
Assassination of a High School President	American	comedy	Brett Simon	Bobby Funke (Reece Thompson) is a less than popular high school sophomore with a dream to get into Northwestern University's summer journalism program. Although Bobby claims he's a great writer, he's never finished an article for St. Donovan's School Newspaper. The editor-in-chief Clara, (Melonie Diaz), assigns Bobby to do an article on Paul Moore, the student body president. Bobby attempts to get an interview, but is unable to get a story out of Paul and is bullied by Paul's friends. Paul is the star of the basketball team and on a game night, Paul takes a fall and injures his knee. The next morning Principal Kirkpatrick (Bruce Willis) discovers the SATs have been stolen from a safe in his office. Kirkpatrick rounds up his usual suspects of high school misfits along with Bobby to question them. The group is innocent but Kirkpatrick warns them all to watch their step. When senior Francesca Facchini (Mischa Barton) solicits Bobby's help tracking down the set of stolen SATs,[3] Funke uncovers a story. He sets on a large scale investigation and links Paul Moore to the crime. He writes an article pointing the finger at Paul. Kirkpatrick forces Paul to open his locker and the SATs fall out. As a result of his sleuthing, Funke becomes one of the most popular kids at St. Donovan's. Clara decides to submit Funke's article to Northwestern which earns Bobby a scholarship to the summer program. Funke wins the respect of everyone from Principal Kirkpatrick to the kid that farts on him in Spanish class and Francesca takes Funke to homecoming. As Funke's popularity grows so do his suspicions. Paul confronts Bobby, proclaiming his innocence, stating that he got into Cornell but decided to take the test again to see if he could get a better score. Funke begins to wonder if the president really stole the SATs or if he's just a pawn in a conspiracy. Funke investigates even deeper into the lives of Paul's shady friends, all members of the Student Council. He discovers their involvement with drug dealing. The Student Council had actually stolen the SATs along with other tests throughout the year, modifying the marks of the best students to make them doubt their test-taking abilities and turn to the Student Council for speed-like study drugs. Funke says that while Paul wasn't a part of the scam, group ringleader Marlon Piazza (Luke Grimes) has Paul framed to avoid being caught. Funke also finds out that Francesca led him along the entire time to keep him from finding out the truth. Francesca and Marlon, step-siblings, are revealed as lovers. Funke confronts the group in the principal's office. Marlon threatens to have Funke thrown out the window and frame it as a suicide, but his threat and confession are heard on the school's intercom system. When Funke entered the room, he secretly turned on the microphone; Funke's friends save him from being thrown out the window and Kirkpatrick rushes into the office, followed by the student body and Francesca. Francesca attempts to gain Funke's trust again, only to be shut down and left to deal with Kirkpatrick's punishment.
Joke falls	Kannada	comedy	Ashok Patil	Botany professor Anant Patil falls in love with Sulkeha and marries her to the dismay of Sulekha's brother in law, Raghav Joshi. Raghav refuses to attend the wedding. But Anant decides to turn the tables on Raghav and teach him a lesson.
How to Eat Fried Worms	American	comedy	Bob Dolman	A young, naive boy named Billy Forrester (Luke Benward) has a weak stomach and vomits easily. He and his parents, Mitch (Tom Cavanagh), Helen (Kimberly Williams-Paisley), and his little brother, Woody (Ty Panitz), have just moved to a new town. Billy tells his mother that he doesn't want to go to school because he will be the new kid. She assures him that he will make friends and everything will be okay. At school, however, he becomes the target of the school bully, Joe Guire (Adam Hicks), his two toaders named Plug (Blake Garrett) and Bradley (Philip Daniel Bolden), and the rest of his gang: Benjy (Ryan Malgarini), Techno-Mouth (Andrew Gillingham), Twitch (Alexander Gould), and Donny (Alexander Agate). They rudely stare at him and call him Billy F. (which is how his name is written on his lunch box). Plug and Bradley steal his lunch box. He sits behind Erika Tansy (Hallie Eisenberg), an unusually tall girl whom people make fun of (calling her Erk). At lunch, Billy opens his thermos and pours out a pile of live earthworms. Sickened, he almost vomits before regaining strength. Then, confident, he throws one on Joe's face. A nerd named Adam Simms (Austin Rogers) was sure that Joe was going to smash Billy with his ring (The Death Ring), which is rumored that whoever Joe punches it with dies in the eighth grade. The next day after school, Joe, Plug, and Benjy catch up with Billy as he heads home. Joe proposes a bet: Billy must eat ten worms in one day (the coming Saturday) without throwing up, and the loser has to come to school with worms in his pants and walk down the hall past everybody. Billy knows that he cannot back out of the bet, so he accepts. The next day, Billy is teamed up with Adam Simms. After eating the first worm, Le Big Porker, the gang gets caught by a park security guard for using a grill in the park without adult supervision but outruns him. Billy becomes more confident with each worm that he swallows. While cooking the second/third worm, The Greasy Brown Toad Bloater Special, at Adam's uncle's (Clint Howard) restaurant, they get kicked out for having the worms in the restaurant. After Billy eats the fourth one, The Burning Fireball, and burns his mouth, Twitch and Techno-Mouth quit Joe's team and become his new best friends. At the playground, Billy eats the next two worms, Barfmallo, and Peanut Butter And Worm Jam Sandwich. After dinner, the boys go to a bait shop to eat their next two worms, The Green Slusher and Radioactive Slime Delight. The owner of the bait shop (Jo Ann Farabee) tries to chase them for shoplifting the two worms. After Joe cheats in an attempt to keep Billy from eating the last worm, Worm A La Mud, in time, all of his gang joins Billy's team. Billy eats the final worm before the deadline. Nigel Guire (Nick Krause), Joe's brother, who has been watching, tries to bully and humiliate him for losing. Billy and the rest of the gang stand up for him, telling Nigel to leave him alone, and he leaves. After thinking it over that night, Billy returns to school. He explains to Joe that the second worm was eaten by Burdock after it was accidentally put in his omelet at the Brown Toad. Since they both lost the bet, they both put worms in their pants and the other kids watch them. They are then interrupted by Burdock, who nearly catches them when a worm falls out of Billy's pants, which Joe covers up. After Burdock returns to his office, the kids all run outside and celebrate as Billy and Joe both take the worms out of their pants and throw them into the air.
Windfall	British	comedy	John Gilling	The lives of shop assistant Arthur Lee and his family are transformed when he finds £2,000 on top of a bus. Arthur's daughter's dodgy boy friend steals the money, but lands in trouble when it's discovered to be counterfeit. Things turn out well for Arthur when the resulting publicity gives a boost to his business.[3]
Meet the Spartans	American	comedy	Jason Friedberg, Aaron Seltzer	The film opens with a Spartan elder inspecting three babies. The first, an ugly, talking baby ogre (Shrek the Third), is abandoned to die for its deformity; while the second, who is Vietnamese, is adopted by Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie. The third, Leonidas, is accepted as a Spartan for his already-present muscular physique and prepared for kinghood through brutal training. An adult Leonidas (Sean Maguire) is cast out into the wild, survives the harsh winter, and hunts down a gangsta penguin (Happy Feet). Returning a king for his inauguration wearing a penguin skin hat, Leonidas sees Margo (Carmen Electra) erotically dancing and asks her to marry him, to which she responds by giving him the combination to her armor-plated chastity belt. Years later, Leonidas is training his son when Captain (Kevin Sorbo) informs him that a Persian messenger has arrived. Accompanied by the Spartan politician Traitoro, the messenger presents Xerxes' demands for Sparta's submission. After growing angry with both the messenger's disrespect and finding him making out with his wife, Leonidas kicks him into the pit of death. Despite Traitoro's advice that the messenger's guards are now needed to convey the actual message, Leonidas kicks them in as well, along with several other people he simply dislikes. Resolving to face the Persians, Leonidas visits the prophets and gives them medicines such as Neutrogena as their prize for their consultation. They advise him that he should consult the Oracle for any advice. The Oracle, Ugly Betty, reveals that Leonidas will die should he go to war. After reaching a decision while spending the night with his wife, Leonidas meets the soldiers assembled for his departure to Thermopylae, and finds that only thirteen were accepted in the army due to stringent requirements. Among them are Captain, his son Sonio, and a slightly unfit Spartan named Dilio. Once at the Hot Gates, they encounter a deformed Paris Hilton (also played by Parker), who tells Leonidas and the Captain about a secret goat path above the Hot Gates that Xerxes could use to outflank the Spartans. When she asks to be made a Spartan soldier, Leonidas rejects her as unqualified due to her inability to use a spear correctly. Leonidas and his platoon soon face off with Xerxes' messenger and his Immortals, beating them in a dance contest before driving them off a cliff. Xerxes (Ken Davitian), impressed, personally approaches Leonidas and attempts to bribe him with a trip to the Palms Hotel and Casino. Leonidas declines, and the Spartans face the Persian army in a Yo Momma fight, which the Spartans win, but Dilio has his eyes scratched out and wanders away. Hilton decides to betray the Spartans and reveals the location of the goat path to Xerxes in return for various gifts and for having her deformed hump removed. Xerxes meets the twelve remaining Spartans and the war begins. Meanwhile, back in Sparta, Queen Margo has several confrontations with Traitoro, as he is the vital vote in sending more troops to assist her husband. Following her address to the Council, Traitoro publicly betrays the Queen. The Queen then battles Traitoro in a parody of Spider-Man 3 and defeats him using a dust buster. With Traitoro's deceit exposed, the council is united with the queen. At the Battle of Thermopylae, the Persians introduce their secret weapons, Ghost Rider and Rocky Balboa, who kills Sonio with a decapitating uppercut. Captain avenges him with Botox poisoning before being struck down by Xerxes. Leonidas pursues Xerxes and plays Grand Theft Auto. Managing to find the Transformer Cube, Xerxes uses it in a car to become Xerxestron and shows off his powers to access the Leave Britney Alone! video on YouTube. However, Xerxestron accidentally trips on his extension cord and falls on Leonidas and the surviving Spartans, apparently killing them. The blind Dilio eventually returns to Sparta to tell of Leonidas' final moments. A year later, Dilio leads a larger Spartan force to defeat the Persians, but the blind warrior ends up going the wrong way. They end up in Malibu, where they knock Lindsay Lohan down as she is leaving rehab again.
Poor Relatives	Russian	comedy	Pavel Lungin	Young con artist with a rather nice personality, Edik (Konstantin Khabensky) gets in trouble gathering long lost foreign relatives together. Wealthy and middle-class émigrés who have made it in the new lands (the Americas, Israel) return to the homeland, to the roots from which they were severed. The implicit motivation for their return is the search for spiritual nourishment, and so the émigrés sacrifice the material comforts of their villas and Western civilization to journey to their ancestral past, the timeless village of Golotvin. They believe that here they will be able to complete themselves by reconnecting with their heritage. All for the nominal fee of Edik, a free agent and a small-time crook who orchestrates an elaborate crime with the intention of earning a pile of money by tricking a group of pilgrims into thinking that a small village is their homeland and its inhabitants are their long lost relatives. The levels of deception multiply quickly...
Adventureland	American	comedy	Greg Mottola	In 1987, James Brennan plans to have a summer vacation in Europe after graduating with a comparative literature degree from Oberlin College and to attend a journalism graduate school at Columbia University when his holidays end. A few days after his graduation, his parents advise him to seek a part-time job rather than going to Europe when they unexpectedly announce that financial problems have taken a toll on them and they would be unable to financially support him. James gets a job at Adventureland, a local amusement park in his hometown of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where his childhood friend Tommy Frigo works. Assistant manager Bobby assigns James to the games area. He meets his co-workers: sarcastic Joel; Bobby's wife and park manager Paulette; Sue O'Malley; Mark; the alluring Lisa P.; and the park's technician, Mike Connell, a part-time musician. Another games worker, Emily Em Lewin, saves James from being stabbed by a lying, cheating customer. With her father and stepmother away, Em throws a party and gets to know James. During the conversation, Em persuades James to join her in the house's swimming pool. After Em leaves the pool, James follows only to jump back into the water in humiliation when Frigo announces to the partygoers that he saw James having an erection while leaving the pool. After the party, Connell, who has been having an affair with Em, comes over to further pursue it. Later that week, James gives Em his mixtape of J's Favorite Bummer Songs and asks her out for a drink. At the Stardust Lounge she is surprised to learn James has never had sex. They listen to his mixtape and share a first kiss on the way home. The following day, James tells Connell about his strong feelings for Em, which Connell reports to her. Em tells James she wants to take things slow due to problems in her life, leaving James confused and upset. Sue drunkenly makes out with Joel, but rejects him the next day, saying her Catholic parents would not allow her to date a Jew. Outraged, Em calls Sue an anti-Semite in front of other staff members in defense of Joel. Lisa P. asks James on a date, but he has mixed feelings because of his relationship with Em. After Connell talks him into going, he accepts Lisa P.'s offer. After the date, during which Lisa and James kiss, James learns Em had called to say she regrets having rejected his feelings. Joel later sees James and Em walking together and, irritated by the chain of events, quits. James unsuccessfully tries to talk him out of it, and Joel reveals he's angry at James for dating Lisa P. when James is already in love with Em. James tells Em about going out with Lisa P. After hearing of this, Em goes to Connell's mother's home to end their affair. The park's mentally challenged parking attendant, prompted by Tommy, tells James he saw Em and Connell doing pushups without any pants on in the back of Connell's car. James goes to Connell's mother's house, which is where Lisa P. told him Connell takes girls to have sex and sees Em leaving. Shocked to see James, Em becomes tongue-tied. James leaves angrily, and Em cries. James tells Lisa P. about the affair and asks her not to tell anyone, but she tells her friend Kelly. Upon noticing that all the park employees know, Em quits and moves back to New York. A heartbroken James drunkenly crashes his father's car into a tree and passes out. The next morning, his mother angrily wakes him up and tells him he has to pay to repair it with his summer earnings. On top of that, James' friend from Oberlin, Eric who he had initially planned on moving to New York with, calls to let him know that he will not be going to Columbia and instead will be attending Harvard Business School, thus canceling their living arrangements. Now, without enough money for graduate school or a place to live, James nonetheless heads to New York City with his parents' blessing and waits outside Em's apartment in the rain. She is reluctant to talk to him, feeling she has ruined everything. James tells her he sees her in a different way than she sees herself. Touched, Em brings James up to her apartment. James reveals he would rather attend Columbia University next year. He gets out of his wet clothes and Em offers him an Adventureland T-shirt to change into. They kiss and begin to take their clothes off. James asks, Are we doing this?, and Em says, I think so.
Doctor's Orders	British	comedy	Norman Lee	A respectable doctor discovers that his father has set up a less than reputable medical firm.
Jack and Jill	American	comedy	Dennis Dugan	Homemade videos show fraternal twins Jack and Jill Sadelstein growing up in New York City. Jack is the gifted twin, while Jill constantly tries—and fails miserably—to get his attention by injuring him and/or driving others away from him. In present-day Los Angeles, Jack is a successful advertising executive who lives with his beautiful wife Erin and their two kids: Sofia/Sofie and Gary, a Hindu child they adopted at birth. Jill never left the working-class neighborhood they grew up in; she recently inherited the Sadelstein home, having lived with their mother until her death one year ago. As always, Jack is irritated by the upcoming Thanksgiving visit of his sister. Jill ruins Thanksgiving dinner by loudly embarrassing a homeless guest. Jack finally calls her out for making a fool of herself, of him, and of everybody else at the table. Stung, Jill runs off into the woods with her pet cockatoo Poopsie. Erin demands that Jack apologize to his sister, which he very unwillingly does. Jill has a list of things she wants to do while in Los Angeles: be on a game show (The Price is Right, which—despite her horrendous performance—gives Jill a carload of prizes simply to be rid of her); go horseback riding (she proves too big and heavy for the pony, which collapses under her); and do a studio tour. Since Jill has an open-ended plane ticket, she decides to stay until the end of Hanukkah - much to Jack's horror. Jack's agency client, meanwhile, wants him to somehow get actor Al Pacino to appear in a Dunkin' Donuts commercial. Jack isn't sure how he's supposed to make that happen. Jill tries online dating. She has no success until Jack poses as Jill and alters her profile, leading to more than 100 responses. Yet when Jill's date - Funbucket - meets her, he hides in the men's room until she leaves the restaurant. Jack takes Jill to a Lakers game where Pacino is supposed to be. Pacino blows off Jack but is taken with Jill and gives her his phone number. Jack was hoping Jill would go back home by New Year's Eve, since the family is going on a cruise. Jack's friends and colleagues throw him a birthday party, extending the invite to Jill. Again Jill loudly disgraces herself, Jack, and the various celebrities in attendance. Pacino invites Jill to his home, where she accidentally destroys his Oscar statuette. Abruptly, she becomes bored with him and leaves. Jack's Mexican gardener Felipe, who is also taken with Jill, invites her to meet his family at their annual fiesta. There she hits it off with everybody, and tries Mexican food for the first time, thus acquiring a horrible case of diarrhea which makes her even tougher to live with than usual. Pacino refuses to do the Dunkin' Donuts commercial unless Jack gets him a date with Jill; to that end, Jack invites Jill on the cruise with his family. At sea, while Jill continues making a fool of herself and everyone around her, Jack disguises himself as his own sister and goes on her date with Pacino. Jill suspects that Jack invited her on the cruise just so Pacino would do the commercial; such is confirmed when she phones Jack, he answers as Jill, and then she hears Pacino in the background. Pacino, still believing Jack to be Jill, spells out that Pacino sees much more in her than just a pathetic half-wit...which is what Jack always took her for. Feeling unspeakably guilty, Jack returns to the ship, only to learn that Jill has gone back home to The Bronx. At a restaurant on New Year's Eve, toting a picture of her and Jack's late mother, Jill comes across a group of former classmates who always made fun of her; these classmates, led by Monica, pick up directly where they left off...until Jack, his wife and their kids show up. Jack and Jill converse in their made-up twin language (which even Jack finds incomprehensible). Monica attacks Erin and is cold cocked by Jill. Pacino also turns up at the party, dressed as the Man of La Mancha, and tells Jill that while he may have feelings for her, there is another man more worthy of her than himself. She then goes home, where Felipe (the other suitor Pacino was referring to) and his children await her arrival. Felipe professes his love for Jill, and the two begin a relationship. The television commercial is made, with Pacino starring and singing as he promotes a new coffee—Dunkaccino from Dunkin' Donuts—with a rap song. But when Jack shows it to him, Pacino, to no surprise, hates it and tells him to destroy every copy of the commercial.
Neighbors	American	comedy	Nicholas Stoller	Mac (Seth Rogen) and Kelly Radner (Rose Byrne) are a young couple with an infant daughter, Stella. The restrictions of parenthood make it difficult for them to maintain their old lifestyle, which alienates them from their friends Jimmy Blevins (Ike Barinholtz) and his ex-wife, Paula (Carla Gallo). One day, the couple finds out that Delta Psi Beta, a fraternity known for their outrageous parties, has moved into an adjacent house. The fraternity's leaders, Teddy Sanders (Zac Efron) and Pete Regazolli (Dave Franco), aspire to join Delta Psi's Hall of Fame by throwing a massive end-of-the-year party. One night, the couple ask Teddy to keep the noise down. Teddy agrees on the condition that Mac and Kelly promise to always call him instead of calling the police. To earn Mac and Kelly's favor, Teddy invites them to join the party, which the couple agree to. At the party, Kelly meets Teddy's girlfriend Brooke Shy (Halston Sage) and Teddy shows Mac his bedroom, which includes a stash of fireworks and a breaker box that controls their power. The following night, Mac tries his best to call Teddy but is unable to get in touch with him to ask him to keep it down so that their baby can sleep. Kelly convinces Mac to call the police and report the party as an anonymous person, but Officer Watkins (Hannibal Buress) identifies them to Teddy. Teddy feels betrayed that his new friends went back on their promise. The following day, Delta Psi constantly hazes Mac and Kelly, resulting in Stella nearly eating an unused condom after garbage from their party trash is dumped all over their lawn. The couple goes to the college dean Carol Gladstone (Lisa Kudrow) and learn that the school has a three strikes policy before they intervene with punishment; burning down their old house was Delta Psi's first strike. After failing to force the fraternity to move by damaging their house, Kelly manipulates Pete and Brooke into having sex and Mac gets Teddy to catch them. Teddy and Pete fight, which ends with a barbecue grill being rolled into the path of a passing car and injuring a professor, giving Delta Psi their second strike and placing the fraternity on probation for the remainder of the year, effectively ending their party plans. To acquire evidence of Delta Psi's hazing, Kelly and Mac hire a pledge nicknamed Assjuice (Craig Roberts) to stand up to Teddy to record him threatening retaliation. When Teddy instead shows him kindness, he reveals that Mac and Kelly hired him and also damaged their house. Teddy begins playing violent pranks on the couple. Mac and Kelly send Teddy a counterfeit letter from Gladstone enabling them to have parties again, and Teddy begins planning their end-of-the-year bash. Once the party is in full swing, the Radners call Watkins to complain about the noise. Teddy discovers the random strangers sent by Mac, Kelly and Jimmy. After finding a flyer about the party and determining the letter is counterfeit, he stops the party just as Watkins arrives. Jimmy throws himself from the balcony to distract Teddy, allowing Mac and Kelly to sneak into Teddy's bedroom and restart the party using the breaker box. Teddy catches them and fights Mac, while Kelly lights one of the fireworks and shoots it at Watkins's patrol car, while Paula convinces one of the Frat boys to turn the breaker box, resuming the huge party while the police officer is still there. Teddy takes the blame for the party and convinces Pete to take the others and flee. Gladstone shuts the house down and Mac and Kelly return home, adjusting to their new lives. Jimmy and Paula also get back together. Four months later, Mac is at an outdoor shopping mall when he runs into Teddy, who is working as a shirtless greeter at Abercrombie & Fitch. The two greet each other warmly and Teddy tells Mac that he is attending night classes to complete his degree. Mac takes off his shirt and jokingly acts as a greeter with Teddy. Mac and Kelly later take pictures of Stella dressed in various costumes for a calendar. They get a call from Jimmy and Paula, who are attending Burning Man and invite the couple to come, including Stella. Mac and Kelly decline, accepting their new roles as parents.
Boys Will Be Boys	British	comedy	William Beaudine	Alec Smart, who is engaged teaching in a prison, applies for the job of headmaster at a nearby public school to replace the previous headmaster who has been convicted of writing forged cheques and has just been sent to prison. Smart appeals to the Governor to write him a good reference which he pretends to. Afterwards he writes his real recommendation which is very negative about Smart's talents. The trustee who works as the Governor's secretary, Faker Brown, accidentally gets the two letters mixed up and delivers the one praising Smart. On the basis of the letter, Lady Dorking, the who runs the Board of Governors appoints Smart to the job. This angers her deputy, Colonel Crableigh, who had favoured promoting his nephew, the Deputy head. On his arrival at the school, Smart is treated to a boisterous reception by the unruly students led by the Head Boy, Cyril Brown, who is the son of Faker Brown. Narkover proves to be a breeding ground for young criminals, who prefer to spend their time playing cards rather than taking classes. After his initial attempts to stop their games, Smart himself ends up playing cards with the students. He gets off on the wrong foot with Colonel Crableigh but, in spite of Smart's obvious incompetence, Lady Dorking immediately takes a shine to him. Crableigh begins engineering a scheme to have Smart dismissed and replaced by his own nephew. Soon after his arrival Smart is approached by Faker Brown, just released from prison, who blackmails him into giving a job as a steward at the school. Brown has his eye on the valuable jewels of Lady Dorking, in particular her diamond necklace, which she is due to be wearing on Founders Day which takes place a few days later. It involves a dinner and a rugby match between the school's old boys and the current students, with Smart persuaded to captain the school team. On Founder's Day, Lady Dorking wears her best jewels. In the Headmaster's study, she is shown some conjuring tricks by Smart. Crableigh places Dorking's necklace in Smart's pocket in an attempt to incriminate him and have him dismissed. However, the necklace is then stolen by Faker who hides it in a decanter. After trying, and failing, to persuade him to give it back Smart takes it and hides it in a Jewellery Box due to be presented to Lady Dorking at the dinner.. Shortly before the presentation, the diamonds are again taken by the Head Boy Cyril Brown who picks the lock. He hides the necklace in a rugby ball, but before he can make off with it, the ball is taken by the referee in the match. Confusion then ensues as during the match, Faker and Cyril Brown try to recover the ball and make off with it while Smart tries to prevent them. Eventually Smart kicks the ball towards some police spectators and unmasks the villains in spite of Crableigh's attempts to have Smart arrested for the theft.
Man of the House	American	comedy	Stephen Herek	At the beginning of the film, two lonesome Texas Rangers, Roland Sharp (Tommy Lee Jones) and Maggie Swanson (Liz Vassey), are going to a church in order to question Percy Stevens (Cedric the Entertainer) about the whereabouts of his former prison roommate, Morgan Ball, who they want to testify against organized crime boss John Cortland. Percy is indignant, telling Sharp and Swanson that he is a man of God and has not spoken with Ball in years. However, Percy's cellphone rings, displaying Ball's name. Sharp and Swanson track down Ball to the warehouse, where Ball gives Sharp a key in an attempt to buy him off. Instead, Sharp takes the key and forces Ball outside, where FBI agent Eddie Zane (Brian Van Holt) is waiting. As they talk, a sniper begins shooting, wounding Swanson and giving Ball a chance to escape. It is revealed the sniper is after Ball, and a group of cheerleaders from the University of Texas at Austin witness his murder. Agent Zane is found shot in the arm next to Ball's body and claims he didn't see the sniper. Anne (Christina Milian), Teresa (Paula Garcés), Evie (Monica Keena), Heather (Vanessa Ferlito) and Barb (Kelli Garner) are taken to the police station, where they all have conflicting descriptions of the shooter. Sharp is given the task of protecting the girls at all times, because their fathers are worried about them. The information is relayed to him by the Governor of Texas (Rick Perry). It is revealed that Sharp is divorced and has a daughter, Emma (Shannon Marie Woodward) who is in high school and doesn't feel as though her father had ever been around. John Cortland is been exonerated from all charges pressed against him due to a lack of evidence. FBI Agent Zane is revealed to be working with Cortland, having killed Ball and shot himself in the arm. Cortland scolds Zane for letting some loose ends escape, and Zane begins searching for Sharp and the cheerleaders; he also kills the sniper he hired. With Swanson in the hospital recovering from her near-fatal wound, Sharp and two additional rangers must now pick the girls up from school and secure their sorority house. Sharp moves in with the girls and the two young men with him move into the fraternity house across the street, where they end up busting a drug deal. Sharp sets some ground rules, including no cell phones. He also tells them to cover up in his presence (referring to the girls' revealing clothes). When they fail to comply, he orders a massive industrial air conditioner, forcing them to dress warmly. Sharp is posing as a cheerleading coach specializing in conditioning, and at a Longhorns football game he tackles an opposing team's mascot when the mascot approaches the girls with a gun, later revealed to be a water gun. Other humorous mishaps occur, but Sharp's relationship with the girls begins to strengthen; Barb even begins to develop a crush on him. However, Sharp finds himself attracted to Barb's English teacher Molly (Anne Archer) who calls him into her office to complain about Barb's plagiarism. Later he invites her over for dinner, which the girls coach him through using an earpiece and tiny video screen. After they fall asleep, he turns it off and woos Molly himself. He admits to the girls about his last failed marriage and the way he feels about his estranged daughter. This interests Evie, who has a 4.0 GPA and wants to write a paper on Emma. She uses the house's emergency phone to call her, revealing Sharp's location to Zane, who had contacted Emma. Sharp takes the girls to a spirit rally, where he is forced to give a speech about cheerleading. He becomes more and more impassioned, proving to the girls he finally gets it. The night is ruined, however, when Sharp realizes in the nick of time that somebody put a bomb under their van, and Teresa (who was convinced that nobody was after them) is almost killed when her seatbelt gets stuck. Sharp saves her, and she admits that maybe someone is trying to kill them. Evie tells Sharp she contacted Emma, and when Sharp calls his daughter he learns that Zane has her. He tells Sharp to take the key Ball gave him to open a lockbox, both of them unaware the cheerleaders are listening in. The next day Sharp gets the money out of the lockbox and drives to where Zane instructs him. Zane gives Sharp instructions over a cell phone, telling him he will shoot Emma if Sharp disobeys. After Sharp handcuffs himself to the steering wheel, Zane thanks him and tells him he's a good parent. Zane takes off with the money, Sharp's keys and phone, and Emma. Zane and Emma get on a bus, but as it pulls away Sharp sees Barb in the back. As he wonders what is going on, Heather gets in the car with him and picks his handcuffs. They take off after the bus in a stolen Volkswagen Beetle. On the bus, Teresa pretends to go into labor and Evie demands the bus be stopped. She attempts to steal the bag with the money, but Zane pulls a gun and Evie runs away from the bus. Zane forces all of the other passengers and the driver out, taking over driving the bus himself. Emma is rescued by the cheerleaders, but Zane attempts to drive to Mexico with the bag to hide. Sharp shoots a wheel, causing the bus to flip over 90 degrees. Zane gets out the bus, his face injured after he hits the bus's ceiling. The Mexico-United States border closes and the border officers draw guns on him, forcing him to surrender. Sharp shoots the gun out of Zane's hand, and handcuffs him with the very same cuffs Heather freed him from earlier. He and Emma are reunited. At the end of the film, Cortland is arrested and taken back to court, Sharp and Molly are married, and Emma and the cheerleaders are part of the wedding.
Click	American	comedy	Frank Coraci	Michael Newman is a hardworking architect, married to his longtime sweetheart Donna Newman with two children, Ben and Samantha. Michael is easily pushed around by his overbearing boss, John Ammer, and often chooses work over family. Michael visits the retail store Bed Bath & Beyond to buy a universal remote control for his home. He stumbles around the various departments before falling onto a bed, and sees a section titled Beyond. A man named Morty offers Michael a free remote, but warns it can never be returned. Learning to use the remote, Michael finds that it can control reality much like a television, able to pause, rewind to events in his past, or fast-forward in time. He uses it to fast-forward past illness and arguments with Donna. Morty tells Michael that during these times, his body is on auto-pilot, going through his motions of everyday life while his mind skips ahead. Michael is unable to buy promised bicycles for his children, but knowing that Ammer plans to promote him to a partnership, he uses the remote to skip to the promotion. He is shocked to find that a year has passed. During that time, he and Donna have entered marriage counseling and his children have grown up with different tastes. The remote, having learned his preferences, starts time-skipping in response to casual wishes Michael makes. Michael attempts to get rid of the remote or destroy it, but the remote reappears in his hands shortly after each attempt. At work, Ammer tells Michael he plans on retiring, which would make Michael the CEO. Michael momentarily forgets about the remote, and tells Ammer he wishes he were CEO. The remote fast-forwards ten years into the future where Michael is now CEO. While Michael is wealthy and well-off, he has become morbidly obese, Donna has divorced him, and both Ben and Samantha have become moody teenagers. He argues with Donna and new husband Bill, which brings their family dog to jump atop Michael, knocking him into a coma. The remote time-skips several years to when Michael wakes from the coma, and is no longer obese. Ben is now a partner of the firm, and Michael's father Ted has died. Morty reappears and tells Michael he is the Angel of Death. Michael asks to go to a good place, whereupon the remote fast-forwards him several more years in the future to Ben's wedding. Michael has a second heart attack when Samantha calls Bill her dad. When he wakes in the hospital later that day, he finds his family there, including Ben. Ben had decided to skip his honeymoon to help fix some issues with the firm, but Michael implores him not to ignore his wife. As Ben and Samantha leave for the airport, Michael tries to follow but collapses again and dies, telling his family that he still loves them. Morty appears to take Michael. Michael wakes back up in the bed at Bed Bath & Beyond, in his original present. He races home to rejoin his family. There he sees the remote on the counter with a note from Morty, reading Good guys need a break. Michael considers the remote for a moment before throwing it away; it does not reappear. Michael joins his family in a pillow fight.
Silk Hosiery	American	comedy	Fred Niblo	As summarized in a film publication,[5] Marjorie Bowen (Bennett) is a model who longs for romance and adventure of the story book variety, but never gets further than displaying gowns at an ultra-fashionable clothing shop. Every customer who comes in is buying a gown for a ball thrown by some Prince. Yvette (Pavis), a French woman, comes to order a gown and brings her fiance Sir Leeds (Webb), who immediately attracts Marjorie's attention, but she loses hope after she hears that he is engaged. Marjorie stays alone in the shop to deliver the gown to Yvette and dresses herself in the costume. Some crook business follows in which Yvette and an idler are implicated. Marjorie gets mixed up in it and ends up kidnapped and in a room with Sir Leeds, who tries to explain what happened. They escape and Marjorie impresses the Prince (Ghent) by recovering a note and piece of jewelry that the Prince had indiscreetly given a New York society woman and which he feared would be used against him. Leeds turns out to be a detective. He asks Marjorie to marry him.
In the Mix	American	comedy	Ron Underwood	When New York’s hottest night club disc jockey, Darrell, is asked to DJ a party for mob boss Frank, Darrell becomes acquainted with Frank's beautiful daughter Dolly. Dolly is engaged to Chad, who her father wants her to marry. When Dolly and Darrell fall in love, Darrell is put in danger as both Frank's mob and Darrell's ex-girlfriend Cherise attempt to intervene.
Doctor Innocent aanu (ഡോക്ടർ ഇന്നസെന്റാണ്)	Malayalam	comedy	Ajmal	Doctor Innocent aanu is the story of Homeopathic Doctor Bargavan Pillai (Innocent), who always helps poor patients. His wife Subha lakshmi (Sona Nair) is unhappy that her husband is not earning a lot to lead a financially healthy life. For the Panchayat elections, one political party approaches Bargavan Pillai to contest on behalf of them. Though he was reluctant, his relents finally as his wife persuades him into it. But Doctor does not win the elections even after a strong campaign. Bargavan Pillai's long friend Dr. James (Devan) invites them for his daughter's wedding. Subha Lakshmi complaints that the family do not have good dresses to wear for the wedding. Bargavan Pillai goes to a pawn broker and takes money instead of his beloved scooter. His family becomes excited when they get new dress but now Subha Lakshmi complaints that they do not have enough ornaments. On her advice, Doctor goes to his neighbor Vasudevan (Suraj Venjaramood) and borrows his wife's costly necklace for a day. But Subha Lakshmi loses the ornament during the marriage. Doctor buys a new ornament from a Jewellery shop by promising that he will pay the money in a few days and gives it to Vasudevan. Dr James comes to Bargavan pillai's home to say that he got the ornament back from the garden. Bargavan pillai goes to the Jewellery shop to give the ornament back and clear the debt. But they find that the ornament is only gold plated. Bargavan pillai comes to Vasudevan's house only to see that Vasudevan has been arrested by police for similar frauds. Bargavan pillai also comes to know that the politicians who stood with him during the elections had taken loan from a bank using Bargavan pillai's signature. Since Bargavan pillai hadn't repaid the loan for a long time, Bank decides to seize his house. But during the court proceedings of sealing his house, Anna (Nithya Menon) comes to the scene. She was brought up at the orphanage where Bargavan pillai was giving free service all these years. Anna says she is alive only because of the medicines Bargavan pillai send her. Anna promises to clear off his debts and all ends well.
If I Were Rich	British	comedy	Randall Faye	A Socialist barber inherits an Earldom.
Panchamirtham	Tamil	comedy	Raju Eswaran	The story begins at Ravana's (Prakashraj) abode and the time of Ramayana when he orders his uncle Mareesan (Jayaram) to transform into a deer to abduct Seetha. Mareesan argues with Ravana but finally complies since Idumba (Raju Eswaran) and Ravana threaten the life of Mareesan's lover (Samiksha). Finally the said thing happens and Mareesan gets struck by the arrow by lord Rama, he becomes a rock but not before he transforms Idumba into an anklet and wears it on his leg. Times change and the modern day comes. Rajaram (Nasser) is a very rich man who owns tea estates and he has Seetha (Saranya Mohan) as his dietitian and Sri Rama (Arvind Akash) as the cook. Both Rama and Seetha are in love, on the other hand Rajaram's relatives (M. S. Bhaskar and Mayilsamy) plan a plot to take the property. In this process, they end up planning to kill Seetha by pushing her from a mountain top. Seetha falls directly on the rock idol of Mareesan and he gets his human form. At the same time, his anklet falls off and is eaten by a fish. That fish is caught by fisherman Manickam (Nasser again) and Idumba gets his human form. The age old enmity crops up and while Mareesan vows to protect Seetha, Idumba plans to help Manickam get Rajaram's property as half brother. What happens from there forms the rest of the story..
Internship, TheThe Internship	American	comedy	Shawn Levy	Salesmen Billy McMahon (Vince Vaughn) and Nick Campbell's (Owen Wilson) employer goes out of business, and Billy applies for Google internships on their behalf. They are accepted due to their unorthodox interview answers, despite a lack of relevant experience. They are the only interns not of traditional collegiate age. They will spend the summer competing in teams against other interns in a variety of tasks, and only the members of the winning team will be guaranteed jobs with Google. Billy and Nick are teamed with other interns seen as rejects: Stuart, who is usually engrossed in his smart phone; Yo-Yo, a Filipino-American who was homeschooled by a stereotypically overbearing Asian mother; and Neha, an Indian-American who is an enthusiast of nerd-related kink. The team is led by Lyle, who constantly tries to act hip in order to hide his insecurities. Another intern, Graham, bullies Billy and Nick's team. Mr. Chetty, the head of the internship program, also expresses his doubts about the older men's abilities. Stuart, Yo-Yo, and Neha see Billy and Nick as useless during a task focused on debugging and send them on a wild-goose chase for Charles Xavier at Stanford University (only to be brutally beaten when they find someone matching the description). But later, during a game of Quidditch against Graham's team, Billy rallies his team to a comeback that unifies them as a team, despite ultimately losing after Graham cheats. When the teams are tasked with developing an app, Billy and Nick convince the team to indulge in a wild night out. At a strip club, Neha admits to Billy that, despite her rich fantasy life, she has no real world experience and is nervous. With his support, she decides to stay. Nick gets Yo-Yo to break out of his shell by drinking and receiving lap dances. Encouraged by Billy, Lyle approaches one of the dancers, Marielena, who is also a dance instructor at Google on whom he had developed a crush. She is charmed by him, but another customer challenges Lyle for her attention and they fight, getting the team kicked out. Before sunrise, Stuart learns to appreciate his surroundings while overlooking the Golden Gate Bridge, and Lyle's drunken antics inspire the team to create an app that guards against reckless phone usage while drunk. They win the task by earning the most downloads. Meanwhile, Nick has been flirting with an executive, Dana, with little success. When he begins attending technical presentations to impress her, he develops an interest in the material. While the teams prepare to staff the technical support hotline, only Billy feels at a loss. A Google employee, Headphones, who always wears headphones and never socializes, approaches Billy and tells him that the way he interacts with people is special. He tutors Billy on the technical information. Dana agrees to go on a date with Nick, and she invites him in at the end of the evening. During the task, Billy is comfortable with the material, but his team receives no score because he failed to properly log his calls for review. Dejected, Billy leaves Google to pursue a new sales opportunity with his former boss. The final task is announced as a sales challenge. Teams must sign the largest possible company to begin advertising with Google. The team is stunned when Nick tells them that Billy has left, and they declare that they do not want to do the task without him. Nick convinces Billy to return, and Billy leads the team to show a local pizzeria owner how Google can help him interact with potential customers and thereby expand his business, while remaining true to his professional values. Chetty is about to announce that Graham's team have won, when Billy, Nick, and their team arrive to give a dynamic presentation about their new client. Chetty recognizes that although the pizzeria is not a large business, its potential is limitless because it is expanding via technology. Graham protests and is dressed down by Headphones, who turns out to be the head of Google Search. Nick and Billy's team win the challenge and the guaranteed jobs. Graham berates his team, who finally reject him. As the students depart, Nick and Dana are still seeing each other, as are Lyle and Marielena. Stuart and Neha have formed a romantic connection as well with Stuart promising to see her in person rather than texting her, and Yo-Yo asserts himself to his mother. Billy and Nick toast their success.
Moving McAllister	American	comedy	Andrew Black	With only four days until the bar exam, an utterly unprepared law intern, Rick Robinson (Ben Gourley), is given a rare opportunity to score points with his boss, Maxwell McAllister (Rutger Hauer) and without thinking, commits to a favor he cannot afford. Rick soon finds himself stuck in a grueling cross country road trip driving a rundown U-Haul truck carrying all his boss's worldly possessions. To make matters worse, he is left in charge of Mr. McAllister's bratty Hollywood-bound niece Michelle (Mila Kunis) and her out-of-control pet pig. The trip from Miami to Los Angeles meets several snags. The truck breaks down on a backwoods road in the deep South, and Rick's clothes are burned by the hillbilly family providing them refuge for the night. Later, another breakdown results in Rick being knocked unconscious. He is rescued by a peculiar hitchhiker called Orlie (Jon Heder), who finds a motel room for him and Michelle. Orlie asks to accompany Rick and Michelle, and is accepted, as Rick believes he owes him a favor for his rescue. Michelle takes a shine to Orlie, and they proceed to have fun at Rick's expense. After Orlie forces Rick into an unusual encounter in a fast food restaurant lavatory, Rick decides to leave him behind. He and Michelle grow closer to one another, following a stop at a Texas beach. Rick permits Michelle to drive, despite the insurance liability, due to fatigue. He wakes to find Michelle has taken them to Wichita, Kansas and Rick's home. Consequently, Rick is forced into a painful confrontation with his mentally ill father, an experience for which Michelle apologizes. They grow even closer as Michelle relates her life growing up. The pair travel to Colorado, where the truck runs out of gas. A semi in which Orlie is traveling as a passenger comes to their aid. Following a stop in a small town, the truck (and Michelle's pig) is stolen by men working for local crime boss The Lady (Billy Drago). The Lady forces Rick and Orlie to fight in a cage match before he returns the truck, impressed by the show they put on. Crossing into Utah, Orlie spots a landscape that matches a drawing in his notebook. He believes that he has switched bodies as some past moment when he was near death, and believes that the person now occupying his body will arrive here. A switch can then take place. Orlie leaves Rick and Michelle, telling them to keep going. As the window for Rick to safely arrive back in Miami for the bar exam narrows, he rejects Michelle's assertions that there is something special between them. Rick drives straight to Los Angeles, arriving in Malibu where Mr. McAllister is waiting for them at his beachside property. He states that Rick has arrived late, but does not appear overtly concerned. Realizing he must hurry to fly back to Miami, Rick rushes to the taxi McAllister has arranged for him, leaving Michelle asleep in the truck. At the airport security checkpoint, Rick realizes he is making a terrible mistake as he observes the Polaroid photos Michelle has snapped throughout their trip. Knowing he is meant to be with Michelle, he scrambles out of the airport and returns to Malibu. Finding Mr. McAllister, Rick confesses his feelings for Michelle. McAllister, having heard similar sentiments from Michelle regarding Rick, thanks him for returning and asks him to take care of her. McAllister adds that his law firm will be opening a Los Angeles branch. The movie ends as Rick reunites with Michelle on the beach, and a man approaches Orlie back in Utah.
The Slammin' Salmon	American	comedy	Kevin Heffernan	Slammin Cleon Salmon (Michael Clarke Duncan) is a former world heavyweight boxing champion who retired to open a sports-themed restaurant in Miami. His antics lead him to believe that he owes $20,000 to the head of the Japanese Yakuza. Needing to come up with the money in one night, he challenges the wait staff to sell more food than they have ever sold, with the top waiter receiving $10,000 in cash and the lowest waiter getting a broken ribs sandwich courtesy of the champ. Zany hijinks ensue as the staff try to one-up each other and win the prize while avoiding a beating. In the end, Cleon realizes that he only owed 20,000 Yen to the Japanese Yakuza (which works out to be $170) and shares the takings with the wait staff. But before he goes to give the Japanese Yakuza the money, he beats up Guy since he was the lowest selling waiter.
Fifty Pills	American	comedy	Theo Avgerinos	After being blamed for a party which he didn't throw or have any knowledge of, that resulted in many damages, young Darren (Lou Taylor Pucci) loses his scholarship. Being from a lower-middle-class family he will not have enough money to pay for college next semester without his scholarship. His roommate, Coleman (John Hensley), who actually threw the party, sympathizes with Darren and gives him a stash of fifty ecstasy pills. If he sells the pills he could make $1000 and would have enough money to stay in school. Darren sells to many weirdos, including a dominatrix who wants the pills so her pets can be numb when she has sex with them. When visiting his girlfriend, her roommate sets Darren up with a connection. The brother of this roommate is a seemingly retarded and overly-zealous white-collar employee named Ralphie (Eddie Kaye Thomas) is obsessed with Diff'rent Strokes. He makes Darren watch four hours of the show, but Darren leaves. Upon leaving he is harassed by a drug dealer known as The Seoul Man (Ron Yuan), who almost kills him. Once again his luck turns sour when his girlfriend finds out that he is selling drugs and breaks it off with him. Coleman owes money to a drug dealer, so a group of three armed thugs are sent to extract the money for him at his dorm. Not having the money, he says he will call Darren and they can take whatever pills he has left as collateral. Darren comes back to the dorm, and gives the pills to the thugs, who leave. The next day, Darren feels defeated, but discovers that Coleman paid his tuition in full and is leaving the college. Reinvigorated, Darren begins dating Gracie and the movie ends with the two sitting on a bench with Darren taking a picture on his phone, saying that Gracie is about to make his parents very happy.
Çok Berbat Hareketler Bunlar	Turkish	comedy	Ozan Açıktan	Nine separate stories intertwine into one comedy on people’s expectations and perceptions of a beautiful summer vacation: the stories of those who are only after love; of those who have to stay at home and fight mosquitoes on summer nights; of those who only go to the sea; of those who cannot appreciate the value of a bicycle - the most beautiful summer gift ever; and of those who are still away at their holiday spot even after they have returned home.
The Admirable Crichton	British	comedy	Lewis Gilbert	In 1905 William Crichton is the efficient butler in the London household of the Earl of Loam and his family. Crichton knows his place in the highly class-conscious English society. The Earl insists that all men are equal, and to prove it, he orders his daughters to treat the staff as guests during an uncomfortable afternoon tea. Lady Brocklehurst arrives and strongly disapproves of the arrangement, as does Crichton. When Lady Catherine (Mercy Haystead), one of the Earl's daughters, is arrested at a suffragette protest, Crichton recommends the family take a trip on the Earl's steam yacht to the South Seas until the scandal dies down. When the yacht's motors explode during a storm, all are forced to abandon ship. By the time Crichton rescues the still sleeping tweeny maid Eliza, the lifeboats have already departed. They jump into the water and are picked up by the wrong boat, the one reserved for the upper class. Crichton, Eliza, the Earl, his daughters Mary, Catherine and Agatha (Miranda Connell), the clergyman John Treherne and Lord Ernest Woolley land on a deserted island. The aristocrats prove to be helpless in their strange new surroundings. It is up to Crichton to start a fire, provide shelter and find food. When the abandoned yacht appears and drifts into an offshore rock formation, Crichton swims out to salvage what he can. Upon his return, however, the others order him to pick up unnecessary luxuries rather than vital supplies on his next trip. He reluctantly complies, but at dinner, he insists he must take charge. The Earl instead discharges him. Eliza throws in her lot with Crichton, and the two depart. The Earl and his party soon realise that they cannot do without Crichton and capitulate, Mary being the sole exception. She is eventually forced to give in as well. After two years, the social order has been completely upended: Crichton, now affectionately known as the Guv, is in charge, while his former betters are his servants. In fact, the aristocrats have toughened up admirably and are quite content with their lot. Romantically, however, the situation is in disarray, as everyone waits to see whether Crichton will choose Mary or Tweeny (as Eliza is now called), both of whom are deeply in love with him. All three of the other men are smitten with Tweeny. Finally, Crichton chooses Mary. However, just as they are exchanging wedding vows, a ship is sighted. Mary begs the others not to light a signal fire, reminding them how happy they have been on the island, but in the end, Crichton does so. When a rescue party lands, he has put on his butler's uniform and resumed his servile duties, much to the discomfort of the others. The castaways return to London. Woolley writes a book of their experiences, one that portrays him as the saviour of the group. Lady Brocklehurst, suspecting that the work is full of lies, insists on questioning all of the party privately. Crichton tells the truth, but in such a way as to conceal everything. After the Duchess leaves, he tenders his resignation. When the Earl offers financial assistance for his plan to start a business, Crichton shows him a bag of valuable pearls acquired while on the island. Mary begs him to return there with her, but Crichton tells her they cannot fight civilisation. In the end, Tweeny is ecstatic when he accepts her offer to go with him.
Leatherheads	American	comedy	George Clooney	In 1925 Jimmy Dodge Connelly (George Clooney) is captain of the Duluth Bulldogs, a struggling professional American football team. Dodge is determined to save both his team and pro football in general when the players lose their sponsor and the league is on the brink of collapse. He convinces Princeton University's college football star, Carter the Bullet Rutherford, to join the Bulldogs, hoping to capitalize on Carter's fame as a decorated hero of the First World War (like Alvin York, he single-handedly captured a large group of German soldiers). In addition to his legendary tales of combat heroism, Carter has dashing good looks and unparalleled speed and skill on the field. As a result of his presence, both the Bulldogs and pro football in general begin to prosper. Chicago Tribune newspaper reporter Lexie Littleton becomes the object of the affections of both Dodge and Carter. Lexie has been assigned to find proof that Carter's war heroics are bogus. Carter confesses that the surrender of the Germans was a lucky accident and that his role in it was more foolish than heroic. Carter soon discovers Lexie's agenda and is doubly hurt when he learns that Dodge and Lexie are starting to show affections for each other and even shared a kiss. The ensuing fight over Lexie's affections puts her off. Spurred on by the threats of Carter's manager, she decides to publish the story. The story sparks a firestorm of accusations and reprimands. Carter's manager resorts to shady dealing to cover it up, even bribing the original witness to change his story. Dodge's attempts to legitimize pro football take on a life of their own. The new commissioner formalizes the game's rules, taking away improvisational antics. In addition, the commissioner takes the responsibility of clearing up the Carter controversy to set an example for the new direction of professional football. With the whole world against Lexie (even the Tribune is pushing her to retract her story), Dodge concocts a clever ruse. Interrupting a private hearing in the commissioner's office, Dodge threatens Carter with a confrontation by his old army mates. Dodge claims that they are just outside the door, ready to congratulate him for his heroic actions. In truth, the men are Bulldogs in borrowed Army uniforms. Carter confesses the truth. The commissioner frees Lexie from printing a retraction. Carter is ordered to simply say he got too much credit for his war actions, but must give a hefty part of his paycheck to the American Legion. Carter's conniving manager is banned from football as well. Dodge is warned that if he pulls any old tricks to win the next game, he will lose his place in the league. Dodge plays in one last game. This time it will be against Carter, who has changed sides from Duluth to Chicago. The rivalry for Lexie's affection spills onto the field. The game does not go well for Dodge, including how muddy the field is. Dodge decides football should be played without rules. Lexie notices that after a brawl, Dodge is missing and with most players covered in mud, no one can tell who is who. There appears to be an interception and Chicago seems to have won, but when the mud is removed it is seen that the player is none other than Dodge Connelly, who disguised himself as a Chicago player on the play. The play is changed from an interception to a touchdown, and the Bulldogs win. Carter tells Dodge that Dodge is finished playing football, based on the threat the commissioner had made. He intends to tell the newspapers the real story about his capture of the German soldiers. Dodge argues that America needs heroes and it is implied the true story will not be told. Dodge and Carter part on good terms once again. After the game, Dodge meets up with Lexie and they ride into the sunset on Dodge's motorbike, discussing with humor the possibilities in their future, which include bankruptcy, scandals and jail time. During the end credits, pictures show Dodge and Lexie getting married, Carter donating $10,000 to the US military and Carter's former manager with new clients Babe Ruth and Lou Gehrig.
InAPPropriate Comedy	American	comedy	Vince Offer	The framing device has Vince Offer pressing buttons on his tablet computer that open offensive applications.[5] A psychologist (Rob Schneider) has a session with a sex-obsessed young woman (Noelle Kenney) who wants to change. She shows him the pills that make her wild. He takes them and passes out on the floor. Flirty Harry (Adrien Brody) is a cop who, with a repertoire of double entendres, patrols the streets of New York. A Jackass spoof, where Vondell (Da'Vone McDonald), Murphay (Calvin Sykes), Swade (Thai Edwards), Darnell (Chalant Phifer), and Acquon (Ashton Jordaan Ruiz) are five African American guys who go about their days causing trouble. J.D. (Rob Schneider), Harriet (Michelle Rodriguez), and Bob (Jonathan Spencer) (who spends most of the time masturbating) host an At the Movies-style film review series that showcases pornographic films, including the dubbed Asian film Sushi Mama and a homosexual parody of Swan Lake known as Sperm Lake. A beautiful young woman (Kiersten Hall) dating an old poor man (Anthony Russell). Lindsay Lohan stands on an air vent much like Marilyn Monroe's famous scene from The Seven Year Itch while a man (Vince Offer) watches her from underneath. A spoof of The Amazing Race. Ari Shaffir and his cameraman go around the city showcasing extremely racist and offensive stereotypes against Asians, African Americans, Arabs, Hispanics and Jews. It is heavily implied that all of Shaffir's doings were not rehearsed and done to random people on the street.
A Dirty Shame	American	comedy	John Waters	The people of Harford Road are firmly divided into two camps: neuters, the puritanical residents who despise anything even remotely carnal; and the perverts, a group of sex addicts whose unique fetishes have all been brought to the fore by accidental concussions. Repressed Sylvia Stickles finds herself firmly entrenched in the former camp. One day, after leaving her promiscuous daughter Caprice (nicknamed Ursula Udders because of gargantuan breasts and a penchant for indecent exposure while dancing at a local dive bar) locked up over the garage, under house arrest for her own good, Sylvia is smacked on the head by a passing car and meets Ray-Ray Perkins, a local mechanic and self-styled sex saint who opens her mind to a whole new world of sensual pleasure, as he and his followers search for the ultimate sex act. Eventually, through a series of bizarre head knockings, everyone in the Harford Road area of Baltimore becomes a sex addict, as Ray-Ray shoots semen out of his head, and becomes the messiah of Let's Go Sexin'!.
Law and Disorder	British	comedy	Charles Crichton	Percy Brand is a crook, a veteran of various cons and schemes. Unfortunately, he is regularly sent to prison by judge Sir Edward Crichton. That does not bother Percy too much, but what does concern him is that his son, Colin, does not discover what his dad does for a living. Percy tells him tales about being a missionary in China when he is released in 1938, a military chaplain in North Africa in 1941, and a freed prisoner of war in 1946 to cover his absences in gaol. While Percy is away, Colin is cared for by Aunt Florence. When Colin grows up, he chooses to become a barrister. By coincidence, it will take him seven years to achieve his goal, the same duration as Percy's latest sentence. When Percy is freed, he arrives just after Colin is called to the bar. Colin informs him that he has secured a position as an unpaid marshal, i.e. an aide, to a judge to gain experience, and not just to any judge, but to Percy's nemesis, Edward Crichton. Percy decides to retire from his life of crime rather than risk coming into court and finding Colin there. Retirement to a cottage on the south coast of England is not enough to keep Percy (and Florence) out of mischief. He hears about the smuggling that took place before the conscientious Police Sergeant Bolton arrived. Soon Percy is bringing in brandy from France, hidden inside sharks he catches. Then an old acquaintance, Major Proudfoot, comes to see him. Proudfoot has planted a story that an explorer was murdered and robbed of 100,000 quid of emeralds he found in Brazil. Now he has a buyer lined up for the non-existent jewels, which he wants Percy to pretend to smuggle in. Percy has a better idea, involving fake policemen and himself as a customs officer, but the plan goes awry when Judge Crichton arrives to meet his wife, returning from a trip abroad. Percy manages to steal a launch, but is eventually caught. To compound his misfortune, he is to be tried by Crichton, a last-minute substitute for a judge afflicted with gout. Florence comes up with the idea to add a fake case to the docket to occupy Crichton's remaining time on that particular circuit court, with the assistance of Percy's friends and associates. Mary Cooper brings her publican husband into court over a slander repeatedly uttered by their pet parrot. However, the judge becomes fed up with the case and finally dismisses it, leaving Percy's trial for the next day. The gang then try to frame Crichton for smuggling, planting contraband in the car they arrange for the judge and Colin to take that night and then making an anonymous call to tip off the customs agents. Crichton decides to take a walk first, and he and Colin get lost. They inadvertently trigger a burglar alarm when they reach a house and are taken at gunpoint to the police station. Colin later confesses in order to try to straighten things out, but is not in time to prevent the judge and Percy from being driven in the same van to the assizes. Along the way, Percy confesses everything to Crichton, who is amused. He sends Colin on an errand. Thus when Percy is brought into the courtroom, Colin is absent. The judge then recuses himself, as he has had social contact with the defendant, leaving Colin none the wiser. Out on bail, Percy bids farewell to Colin, telling him that he has come out of retirement for one more trip.
God Bless America	American	comedy	Bobcat Goldthwait	Frank Murdoch (Joel Murray) is a middle-aged insurance salesman living in Syracuse, New York, who is sick with how the United States has fallen into a state of rudeness based on pop culture, talk radio, television, and Internet influences. After a boring evening of watching television, Frank visualizes killing his loud and inconsiderate neighbors, whose baby's screams exacerbate his chronic migraine headaches and rob him of sleep. His ex-wife Alison (Melinda Page Hamilton) has custody of their daughter Ava (Mackenzie Brooke Smith), who has become a typical spoiled brat. Matters come to a head when he is fired after 11 years' service at the insurance company for obtaining a female co-worker's address without authority merely to send her roses to lift her spirits; then told by his profane and uninterested doctor that he has an inoperable, terminal brain tumor. Frank prepares to commit suicide but stops as his TV features a reality show starring Chloe (Maddie Hasson), an extremely spoiled teenager, and has an epiphany. The next day, he steals his noisy neighbor's car and drives to Chloe's school and, after unsuccessfully attempting to blow her up in her car, he shoots her at point-blank range. One of Chloe's classmates, Roxanne Roxy Harmon (Tara Lynne Barr), witnesses this and applauds him. Roxy follows Frank back to his motel where he is once again preparing to commit suicide; initially egging him on, Roxy then talks him out of it. Frank explains to Roxy that he only wants bad people to die – people who have committed blatant acts of cruelty and stupidity against their fellow man. Roxy suggests they kill Chloe's parents and he agrees. Frank shoots Chloe's father (Larry Miller) and, after a brief chase, Roxy stabs her mother (Dorie Barton). Roxy convinces Frank to take her along by painting herself the tragic victim of her drug-addicted mother and rapist step-father. They then decide to go on the lam, continuing their killing spree. They visit a movie theatre to watch a documentary about the 1968 My Lai Massacre. During the film, several teenagers enter the nearly empty theatre and immediately act obnoxiously, talking aloud and on their cell phones. One of them throws popcorn at Frank. Frank and Roxy shoot and kill all but the least aggravating of them, whom Frank thanks for not being rude. Subsequently, they kill several others, including a rude man who double-parks his car, several extremist right religious protesters and Michael Fuller (Regan Burns), a popular, abrasive conservative political television commentator. During an evening while they're lying low, Roxy suggests to Frank that they move to France and 'go legit', to raise goats and make cheese, and avoid prosecution for the murders they've committed. Returning a phone message from his doctor, Frank learns there was a mix-up with his MRI results (the image was of another patient named Frank) and that he has no tumor and probably just suffers from any one of a number of relatively inconsequential ailments. Frank's new lease on life is spoiled when, while eating breakfast in the motel diner with Roxy and discussing their travel-to-France plans, a leering redneck at the next table labels Roxy an underage prostitute and Frank her pimp. The same day, Frank sees a TV news missing person report in which Roxy's parents (Andrea Harper and David Mendenhall) appear wholesome and concerned, a far cry from her description. Incensed at the deception, Frank takes out his anger on the leering diner, garroting him in his room. Frank takes the man's pickup truck and, as he is leaving, tells Roxy he knows the truth. She confesses but says she had to get away from a life of bland conformity and experience something 'un-normal'. Frank leaves her the stolen car and they split up. Frank buys an AK-47 assault rifle from an illegal arms dealer (Mike Tristano) and makes his way to Los Angeles. Frank sees another TV news report that shows Roxy back home with her elated parents and that he is wanted for abducting her. Unbeknownst to him, Roxy is not happy to be back home. Frank gains access into the American Superstarz studio, kills several audience members and one judge, and holds the other judges, contestants, and the audience hostage. As the SWAT team arrives, Roxy also appears and joins Frank on stage, apologizing for lying to him. Frank makes a brutally honest speech in front of the TV camera about the ridiculousness and selfishness that is promoted in today's American society and on television. Frank then tells Roxy she is a pretty girl, and they proceed to shoot the judges, contestants and several members of the audience before being gunned down by the police.
Miss Tulip Stays the Night	British	comedy	Leslie Arliss	A novelist (Patrick Holt) and his wife (Diana Dors) are sleeping peacefully in their new cottage when a mysterious older lady (Cicely Courtneidge) arrives, apparently stranded in a storm. She hands the writer her gun and some jewellery for safe-keeping, and asks for a bed for the night. Unfortunately, someone shoots her during the night and the author is accused of the crime. He is forced to turn detective to defend himself.
Quiet Weekend	British	comedy	Harold French	The Royds drive down to their spacious cottage in the country. Denys informs his mother Mildred, the matriarch of the family, that he has invited Rowena Hyde. She shows up in a chauffeur-driven car. Also making an appearance is patriarch Arthur Royd's friend Adrian Barrasford. The pair go fishing. When Adrian reveals he is very fond of Mary Jarrow, Arthur invites him to supper, as Mary will be there. Miranda Bute, nearly eighteen years old, is another surprise guest. Mildred becomes a bit concerned, as she knows that Miranda, her niece, is attached to Denys (though he himself is oblivious), making for an awkward situation. When Miranda discovers that Denys has turned down an attractive job offer because there was just no money in it, she is sure there is something behind this. Then she encounters Rowena, who informs her that Denys has accepted a well-paying job in Hollywood as a private secretary, rather than pursuing a career as an scenic designer. She eventually quarrels with Denys over his decision. Adrian takes Arthur and Mildred's advice to make his intentions known, only to have Mary misconstrue his proposal as an offer to sell her his house. He, on the other hand, thinks she has turned down his offer of marriage. Denys and Rowena go to a party of her upper-class friends. He becomes annoyed when she chooses Paul Perry (Denys's future employer) instead of him as her partner in a game. Meanwhile, Arthur, Adrian and Sam sneak off to do some poaching; Miranda joins them, and after much searching, they catch a large salmon. However, they are spotted and chased by the authorities. Miranda flags down a passing car, which turns out to be driven by Denys. He lies to a policeman to keep her out of trouble and takes her home. Arthur and Adrian eventually show up, but Sam is caught and taken into custody. Arthur has to get Adrian, in his official capacity as the local justice of the peace, to allow him to bail out their fellow poacher. The next morning, Miranda is delighted to learn that Denys has changed his mind and declined the Hollywood job. It soon becomes apparent that he has also drastically changed his view of Miranda as well. Adrian, emboldened by his experience the night before, proposes to and is accepted by Mary. The Royds depart.
Inadequate people	Russian	comedy	Roman Karimov	Thirty years young man Vitaly to get away from bothersome problems and mental discomfort, throwing a provincial town of Serpukhov and moved to Moscow, hoping here to find harmony with yourself.
Runningshaadi.com	Bollywood	comedy	Amit Roy	The story revolves around three characters — Ram Bharose, Sarabjeet, and Nimmi. Nimmi is the daughter of a bridal apparel shop owner. Bharose works in this shop named 'Singh & Singh' and his friend Sarabjeet (aka Cyberjeet) dreams of creating another Facebook. A flashback to their school days shows Nimmi getting pregnant by an acquaintance, and she ends up asking her close friend Bharose for help. Cyberjeet helps her by creating a fake school application for a sports tournament which Nimmi uses as an excuse to go out of the town for a night. Then Bharose poses as her husband and helps Nimmi to get an abortion. Time passes by and Bharose loses his job at Singh's shop due to a disagreement with him. During this time Bharose's uncle has set Bharose's marriage with his friend's daughter, Neha. One evening Bharose and Cyberjeet are having tea at a stall where they witness a man being beaten up for eloping with his girlfriend. Upon witnessing this incident, Bharose and Cyberjeet brainstorm a website which will help needy couples to elope. They successfully help 49 couples to elope and wait to help the 50th couple as their platinum achievement. Nimmi drops by and says that the doctor who had performed her abortion had visited her father's shop. Her father finds out about the abortion and he decides to fix her marriage. She says that she needs Bharose's help in eloping with her friend Shunty who had gotten her pregnant. Bharose decides to help Nimmi and plans her elopement even after repeated warnings from Cyberjeet. After everything goes according to their plan, Nimmi informs Bharose that she planned to run away with Bharose and not Shunty. She admits to lying and blames Bharose for ignoring her repeatedly. Bharose now completely shocked asks Nimmi to return home. She says that she has already written a letter addressing her parents and they must be looking for her. They end up at Nimmi's aunt's house, but Nimmi's family finds her there and begin shooting at her. Nimmi gets hurt in this episode and Bharose brings her to a hospital. After that they travel to Dalhousie, but her family reaches this place while looking for her when Nimmi posts her location online. They plan to go to Patna where Bharose's uncle lives. Bharose meets his to-be-bride, Neha, in Patna. She reveals to him that she has a boyfriend and wishes to marry him but her father is against their marriage. Bharose and team find an opportunity. They convince Neha and her boyfriend to comply with their plan to get hitched. Finally Neha's marriage day arrives. However, Neha's boyfriend and Cyberjeet end up at a police station. Nimmi tries to help Neha run away, but Neha's family finds her and brings her back to the mandap. Bharose goes to the bathroom and finds a man whom he had helped to elope. This man helps him with Neha's elopement. In the end, Bharose gets tired of running along with Nimmi and he decides to confront her family and get married with their consent. The story ends with the couple on the run.
Somewhere in England	British	comedy	John E. Blakeley	In a North of England training camp, lovestruck Corporal Kenyon (Harry Kemble) is framed and demoted in rank by a rival in love for the affections of the Adjutant's daughter. Four friends rally round to help clear the Corporal's name.
Shoulder Arms	American	comedy	Charles Chaplin	Charlie is in boot camp in the awkward squad. Once in France he gets no letters from home. He finally gets a package containing limburger cheese which requires a gas mask and which he throws over into the German trench. He goes over the top and captures thirteen Germans (I surrounded them), then volunteers to wander through the German lines disguised as a tree trunk. With the help of a French girl he captures the Kaiser and the Crown Prince and is given a statue and victory parade in New York and then ... fellow soldiers wake him from his dream.
Take It from Me	British	comedy	William Beaudine	A British boxing promoter tries to get an opportunity for his man to fight for the title in America.
Aren't Men Beasts!	British	comedy	Graham Cutts	A number of people try to prevent a man getting married.
Playing the Victim	Russian	comedy	Kirill Serebrennikov	Valya, a 30-year-old university drop-out, works for the police acting out murder victims during reconstructions of crimes. His co-workers are a charismatic straight-edge captain, camerawoman Lyuda, and a dim-witted sergeant. At home, Valya's widowed mother has started a relationship with Valya's uncle, who considers Valya to be a punk and thinks he should get a normal job. At night Valya has recurring nightmares of his father, who also seems to disapprove of him. Throughout the film we see the reconstructions taped by Lyuda (from the perspective of her camera), in which the captain has the accused recreate their actions step by step. These scenes are often riddled with absurdly comical situations that contrast the grim nature of the work being done. Valya does not seem to take anything seriously, which irritates the captain, amuses the sergeant, and infuriates his uncle/stepfather. As the movie progresses, the strain of work causes the captain to lose his temper. This culminates in a 5-minute profane rant about the state of Russia's new generation and football team. Later on, Valya feeds poisoned Japanese food to his family and recently pregnant girlfriend. In the recreation, three other people play the victims while Valya is the accused. When asked what he did as they were dying, he says that he was taking everything in so that he could accurately reconstruct what happened. In the final scene, Valya has a flashback where his father throws him out of a rowboat to teach him to swim, an event mentioned earlier in the film by his mother.[3]
Kappal Muthalaali (കപ്പല്‌ മുതലാളി)	Malayalam	comedy	Thaha	Bhoominathan (Ramesh Pisharody) keeps big aspirations in his life. His dreams are all revolving around a property in the city, which he inherited. Bhoominathan finds that making a tourist resort in the land, is the best possible business which can bring him big returns. He starts to realise his plans to build a resort by digging down for making a good basement. And he finds to his astonishment, the archaic remnants of a ship. Bhoomi takes no time to inform the archeological department which lands him to further troubles and his project of resort building gets blocked. Bhoomi has got a friend in Radhika (Sarayu), who also works with the same department. Now with the help of some fresh ideas from her, he plans to venture into a new arena of business. The movie goes on to tell in a lighter manner, how some unexpected happenings can change the fate of a youth.
Top Secret	British	comedy	Mario Zampi	George Potts, a plumber in a top secret government research plant, accidentally comes into possession of the plans for a revolutionary atomic weapon. As George leaves for his annual holiday, the research security team embarks on a nationwide search for the hapless 'sanitary engineer.' Meanwhile, the Russians get wind of the incident and intercept George, plying him with liquor and employment promises so that he'll hand over the plans to them. All the while, George never knows what the fuss is about: he thinks that the British and Soviet authorities are interested in his new plans for a modern plumbing system. The Russians offer him a job in the Kremlin doing research (on plumbing, he believes),and while there he falls in love with secret agent Tania, and discovers the true nature of the plans he is carrying.[4][5]
The Sitter	American	comedy	David Gordon Green	The film opens with Noah Griffith (Jonah Hill) giving oral sex to his sex buddy Marisa (Ari Graynor). Noah is a suspended college student who lives with his divorced mother and can't even keep a job. One day when Noah is returning home from his girlfriend's house, his mother is about to leave to a party with a friend of hers. His mother then receives a phone call from her friend who informs her that her children's babysitter canceled last minute. Noah then takes over as babysitter so his mother can go to the party. When Noah arrives at the house, he meets all of the kids immediately. The oldest son Slater (Max Records) is a kid with a severe anxiety disorder, their second oldest son Rodrigo (Kevin Hernandez) is a pyromaniac who was adopted from El Salvador. The youngest child is their daughter Blithe (Landry Bender) who is obsessed with pop culture and loves to wear makeup. As soon as the Pedulas leave, the children start to act obnoxious (smashing vases, making fart noises, and attempting to grab the TV remote from Noah). While in the middle of babysitting, Marisa calls Noah and she asks him to bring cocaine for a party that she's at, saying that she'll repay him with sex afterwards. Noah immediately accepts, and he and the children leave to go get the drugs from Marisa's friend. When they finally arrive, Noah meets drug dealer Karl (Sam Rockwell) and his assistant Julio (JB Smoove). As soon as Karl gives the drugs to Noah, Rodrigo bursts in claiming that he has to go to the bathroom. When Noah leaves, he sees that Rodrigo has stolen a baby dinosaur egg filled with cocaine from Karl's house. While attempting to get the egg back from Rodrigo, the egg smashes pouring cocaine all over Noah's face. Karl then calls Noah about the stolen eggs, and tells him that if he doesn't bring the egg back or the $10,000 he owes for the egg, he will kill him. Not wanting to be a part of this, Slater asks Noah to take the three of them to the party where their parents are. When Noah sees his mother actually having a good time at the party he can't bring himself to interfere and decides to bring the kids with him. Slater then tells Noah that a bunch of girls are texting him asking him to attend a bat mitzvah for Wendy Sapperstein (a girl that goes to his school). He tells Noah that the bat mitzvah is being held at the Grand Prospect Hall. Noah then comes up with the idea that they can steal the money Wendy gets. At the bat mitzvah, Noah manages to only steal $3,000 because he had to leave due to Rodrigo urinating on the floor. When they leave, they find out that Tina (Samira Wiley), who went to high school with Noah, has stolen the car to get revenge on Noah who went to a party at her house, and threw up on her grandmother's ashes due to him being drunk. Noah gives the $3,000 to Karl and also brings $7,000 worth of checks. Karl refuses the checks and gives Noah one more chance at getting the $7,000. He tells Noah to meet him at the party Marisa is at with the money and if he doesn't, he will kill him. Noah then goes to his dad (Bruce Altman) for help, but he refuses because he now hates Noah due to him dropping out of college and just being a loser in general. An angry Noah steals his father's car keys and drives to a jewelry store his dad owns. Noah then steals enough jewelry to pay back Karl, but then Rodrigo blows the store up after placing a cherry bomb in the bathroom. Rodrigo then throws a temper tantrum, and then throws Slater's fanny pack containing pills out the window. Noah stops the car so Slater can get the pills. Noah tells Slater that he's not going to find them, and it is then revealed that Slater is homosexual, and the pills were the only thing that kept him normal. Noah then makes Slater accept the fact that he's gay, and that there is nothing wrong with it. The group then sees their original car drive by them, and they track it down to a club where Noah confronts Tina about stealing the car. Tina finally let's go of her anger towards Noah by punching him in the face. After Noah leaves, they go head out to get the money to Karl but Noah gets pulled over by the police who steal the jewelry and the cocaine that Karl originally gave him. Noah's only plan now is to get Marisa out of the party and escape Karl, but Karl's gang tracks him down and attempts to kill Noah and the kids, but Noah manages to get away. Then Noah engages in a car chase with Karl and Julio. They make Karl's car crash by Rodrigo throwing a cherry bomb in their van, but this causes Noah to spin out, and Karl holds him at gunpoint. Noah manages to run away and Karl uses up all his ammo wasting it on shooting at Noah. Then, Blithe calls Tina's gang, and they beat Karl up so they can escape. Before Noah drops Marisa off at her house, the two break up. Noah then manages to get the kids home on time, and they see that everything that went on that night is on the news. Mr. and Mrs. Pedula finally arrive home, and they pay Noah for the night. During the end credits, we find out what happens to all the main characters: Noah got a new girlfriend; Slater grew up and got a job at the entertainment industry; Blithe gave up her pop culture obsession, and started inventing perfumes as an adult; Rodrigo gave up being a pyromaniac; Karl was hospitalized after being beat up by Tina's gang; and Julio died due to him burning to death.
The Goods: Live Hard, Sell Hard	American	comedy	Neal Brennan	Ben Selleck's car dealership, in Temecula, California, is failing and he is forced to hire a mercenary, Don Ready. They have 211 cars to sell over the 4th of July weekend. Don's team of Babs, Jibby, and Brent promise Ben that they will make the dealership a profit after the weekend. On the first day the crowds gather outside for hot dogs and other gimmicks. Don notices that the naturally talented salesman, Blake, could be his son (he was in the town before and had a brief fling while there). The sales team sells the cars by any means necessary and finish the day selling 71 cars. Before they can leave the lot Stu and his son Paxton from the opposing dealership offer to purchase the lot. Since Paxton is marrying Ben's daughter, Ivy, he is trying to put his future father-in-law out of business. Paxton only wants practice space for his man-band, Big Ups, and eventually wants to take them worldwide. Ben is about to finalize a deal with Stu but Don promises to sell every car on the lot. The second day starts off poorly with a dishonest commercial that Ben is dying of testicular cancer. When it is time for Eric Bice, Bo Bice's brother to take the stage he backs out at the last minute and Don takes the stage. The crowd riots when they find out Don is an atrocious singer. Taking advantage of all the cameras on the lot from the riot, the team starts a sale for 20% off to the police. Don is taking stock in his life when Ivy questions him about one of his jobs in Albuquerque. Don tells her that he killed his best friend and team DJ, McDermott (played in a flashback by Will Ferrell), by giving him a bag with sex toys instead of a parachute. Don was more focused on having sex with his customer than selling cars. He then reveals to Ivy that he is falling for her and it is all happening again. That night Ivy comes to Don's hotel room and they have sex. Ivy reveals that it was a one-night stand and is not breaking up with Paxton. Don is furious and storms out yelling that he only trusts cars after what he's been done by Ivy. The team searches but cannot find Don, they get pumped up to sell the 105 cars left on the lot without him. While wandering the desert Don sees the deceased McDermott with two angels. McDermott tells Don that everything is about the team, people you love, and that he should get off the road and settle down. In the time it takes Don to get back to the dealership the team sells every car on the lot. Don parachutes onto the lot but Stu and Paxton inform him the bandit car (an expensive prop that was used in the Smokey and the Bandit films) is not sold and the dealership is theirs. Don convinces Paxton to buy the bandit car, which saves the lot, and Paxton leaves Ivy to tour with his band. Don announces that he is going to get off the road so he can care for his friends and family more. Don marries Ivy and adopts Blake (despite the fact that Blake knows he is not, in fact, Don's son) but they get divorced two years later.
For a Good Time, Call...	American	comedy	Jamie Travis	After Lauren is dumped by her boyfriend, she is unable to afford a place of her own. Her old friend Jesse informs her of a beautiful apartment right by Gramercy Park, but does not include the fact that his other friend Katie lives there. During their freshman year of college, Lauren had to drive an inebriated Katie home from a frat party. She accidentally spilled her own urine onto Lauren from an empty slushie container, and was promptly thrown out of the car. Despite their clear disdain for each other, they reluctantly move in together for lack of better options. One night, Lauren hears strange noises coming from Katie's room. Believing she is being attacked, she opens the door to see Katie is saying sexually explicit things on the phone. Katie explains that her career as a writer does not earn her enough money to live in New York, so she does some work as a phone sex operator. Lauren is disgusted by her roommate's profession, but makes some suggestions to how she could make more money. Several weeks go by, and Lauren loses her job at a publishing company when her boss decides to retire. She encourages Katie to obtain a land line, 1-900-mmmhmmm, and becomes her business manager, as they go into business for themselves, which is much more lucrative. In a few weeks they make $12,000, of which Lauren gets ​1⁄3, which increases when she becomes a phone operator herself. In the process of their venture, they become close friends. Throughout the film, Katie has been speaking with a repeat customer named Sean and the calls become less about phone sex and more about getting to know one another. They agree to meet, but are accompanied by Lauren and Jesse who are concerned that he may be a rapist. However, after Katie and Sean meet they discover that they are very well suited to each other and begin to start a relationship which leaves Katie feeling distressed as it is revealed that she is a virgin and has been lying for many years to cover up her insecurities. Lauren gets an interview at a prestigious publishing company who earlier rejected her, and Katie convinces her to do the interview so that she can blow them off. Yet once Lauren gets to the interview and admits that she has been running a phone sex line all summer, they offer her the job as they feel she has business savvy. Concerned about her long-term prospects, Lauren accepts the job which angers Katie to the point where she reveals their business to Lauren's conservative parents. Lauren moves out and the girls stop speaking to each other. Lauren's ex-boyfriend Charlie returns from Italy and declares that he made a mistake in breaking up with her. He reveals that he had a passionate love affair with a fiery Italian woman, but if he is to succeed in his business he needs someone boring, predictable and simple - the same reasons he gave to Lauren for dumping her in the first place. Lauren stands up for herself and leaves Charlie for good. Meanwhile, Katie and Sean decide to have sex and in order to calm their nerves they talk on the phone while lying next to each other in bed. When they were finished Katie feels sad that she can't share this news with Lauren, whom she loves. Sean encourages her to call Lauren, and they declare that they 'think' they love each other. Lauren and Katie both call each other at the same time, and they engage in a phone conversation full of unintentional innuendo before they meet each other on the street and hug.[7]
Ping Pong Summer	American	comedy	Michael Tully	In 1985, 13-year-old Rad Miracle goes on a summer vacation to Ocean City, Maryland, with his family. Experiencing lots of things for the first time, he finds a mentor for his obsession with ping pong.
First Daughter	American	comedy	Forest Whitaker	Samantha MacKenzie (Katie Holmes) is the only daughter of United States president John MacKenzie (Michael Keaton). Because of her father's political career, she has been in the public eye her entire life and spent most of her high school years in the White House. Having to deal with lack of privacy and public scrutiny for the most ridiculous things, Samantha has had a sheltered existence and her father has trouble letting her have more freedom yet is too busy to spend time with her. Though her mother Melanie is supportive, she still stands by her husband's decisions, leaving Samantha feeling restricted from having a normal life. Accompanied by Secret Service agents everywhere she goes, Samantha finally believes she has the chance to break out of her cocoon when she is given the opportunity to attend college in California. In California, Samantha ends up sharing a dorm with boy-crazed Mia Thompson, who finds it difficult when Samantha steals her spotlight, and they form a begrudging partnership. She becomes interested in James Lansome, a college student and Sam's student advisor, since he does not treat her differently because of her father. Unknown to Sam, James is actually a Secret Service agent posing as a residential advisor in order to watch over her.
Not Wanted on Voyage	British	comedy	Maclean Rogers	Two cabin stewards working on a luxury vessel on a Mediterranean cruise to Tangier attempt to earn extra money from the passengers using every possible means. However, when one of the wealthy dowagers has her valuable diamond necklace stolen, they do everything they can to ensure it is restored to her.
It's Never Too Late	British	comedy	Michael McCarthy	Feeling her combative family has long taken her for granted, genteel British housewife Laura Hammond somehow finds time to write a film script amidst the chaos of her home life. Her work catches the attention of a Hollywood producer, and Laura unexpectedly finds herself the author of a hit film. She also finds she can only write when she's surrounded by her dysfunctional family. Eventually, Laura must choose between being a highly paid writer and celebrity or a housewife.
Kanna Laddu Thinna Aasaiya	Tamil	comedy	K. S. Manikandan	Shiva (Sethu), Kaliyaperumal (Santhanam), and Power Kumar (Srinivasan) are three friends with no occupation other than getting drunk and chasing girls. A pretty girl named Sowmiya (Vishaka) moves in with her family to the house opposite Shiva. The three friends fall for the girl's beauty and make a gentlemen's agreement to let the girl choose her boyfriend. The three attempt different methods to woo her. Shiva helps Sowmiya's aunt (Kovai Sarala) in household work; Kaliyaperumal joins Sowmiya's uncle (Ganesh) to learn singing; Power joins Sowmiya's father (Shivshankar) to learn Bharatanatyam. One day, when none of her other family members are home, the three eventually profess their love, leaving Sowmiya confused. Following the advice of her neighbour (Devadarshini), Sowmiya reveals to all three that she loves actor Silambarasan, nicknamed Simbu. The neighborhood boys then decide to bring Simbu as a gift for Sowmiya's birthday, but Simbu says he does not know anyone named Sowmiya. They then hire a thug named Kolaveri David to kidnap Simbu, but he kidnaps Sowmiya instead when he learns he is supposed to kidnap Simbu. After Simbu refuses to help her, Shiva, KK and Power go and save Sowmiya from David, and she falls in love with Shiva, because Power and KK had earlier beaten Sowmiya's uncle and father severely; they later marry.
 Yours, Mine and Ours	American	comedy	Raja Gosnell	Frank Beardsley is a widowed U.S. Coast Guard admiral who moves back to his hometown his hometown of New London, Connecticut with his 8 kids from his previous marriage. Helen North, a widowed handbag designer with ten kids (four biological, six adopted) takes a more relaxed approach on life. After unexpectedly encountering each other at a restaurant while on separate dates, they do so again at their 30-year high school reunion. Instantly rekindling their old sparks, Frank and Helen quickly decide to marry in a private ceremony, to the Beardsley and North kids' shock. They move into a new home on the same property where they shared their first kiss, joined by the North children's numerous pets (including a pot-bellied pig and a hamster), and Frank's housekeeper, Mrs. Munion. It soon becomes apparent that Frank has a very regimented view of how things should be done, whereas Helen is an artist (a designer by trade) with a more free-spirited, lackadaisical attitude. Their respective children are shocked by the news of their parents' quick wedding and do not get along well at first, even turning a planned lighthouse renovation project into an all-out paint fight. Frank's oldest son, William, calls a meeting among his siblings and explains that they can better rid themselves of their new situation by joining forces to make their parents' respective philosophical differences apparent, which will cause them to fight. But while doing so, they gradually begin to bond, attending their siblings' soccer games and helping William in his class president campaign. A short time later, Frank and Helen attend a formal Coast Guard dinner where his superior, Commandant Sherman, officially offers him the opportunity to be his successor. He respectfully declines it, citing both his obligation to the Coast Guard Academy and his new family. Meanwhile, as the young children have a food fight upstairs in the bedroom, the older ones throw a wild party downstairs. When their parents return to find the place in total chaos, Frank is furious and Helen's more laid-back approach only angers him more. This causes their worst fight yet, and the children, realizing how happy their parents have been together, begin to realize that they might have pushed things too far. The next day, Frank informs Helen that he has decided to take the position as Commandant after all, and they schedule a family meeting to inform the children. As the children return home from school, jubilant over having defended their younger siblings from bullies and with the news of William having won the class election, Frank quickly deflates the mood by telling them of his decision to accept the new position. Feeling guilty for having torn their parents apart, they set about undoing their mistakes, even enlisting Helen to aid in their efforts. Together, the older ones launch the family's boat in an effort to catch Frank (thereby fulfilling his previous dream of having an all-family sailing team that failed earlier), but he is convinced that Helen no longer wants to be with him, until he sees her turn on the lighthouse spotlight (a reference to a story Frank had told her about a beautiful female lighthouse keeper). Successfully reunited, they tie the knot once again, this time with the children involved.
Happy Though Married	American	comedy	Fred Niblo	As described in a film magazine,[2] Jim Montjoy (MacLean), who is engaged to Millicent Lee (Bennett), gowes with his brother Jim (Cooley) to Mexico to make their fortunes. Jim falls in love with a Mexican girl, Diana Ramon (Vale), and a photograph of her gets into Jim's coat pocket. The brothers own a mining claim that Diana's uncle (French) wants to buy, so Jim stays in Mexico to look after the property while Stanley goes to New York to try to obtain a better price. There he discovers Bob Davis (McCullough) is trying to cut him out, so he marries Millicent without delay. As a joke he buys his wife a book titled How to be Happy Though Married, but it ends up giving her jealous thoughts. She finds the photograph of Diana in Stanley's coat pocket and pretends to go away on a visit, but when she returns to the house she finds her husband escorting the original from the photograph and installing her in one of the bedrooms. Jim, having eloped with his Mexican charmer, is back in town and left to buy new clothes, and Jim then leaves without knowing his wife is in the house. The women meet, and although neither can understand the other's language, they get into an argument. Blond Millicent thinks the handsome brunette is trying to steal her husband, while Diana thinks that her sister-in-law is attempting to rob her of her jewels. All is resolved when the men return.
Is Your Honeymoon Really Necessary?	British	comedy	Maurice Elvey	When US Navy airman Commander Laurie Vining takes up his new posting in London with his new wife Gillian he has no idea that his first wife Candy Markham will turn up and threaten his martial bliss by claiming they are still married. Faithful confidant Hank Hanlon continually stirs things up and tries to keep order. Other lives that are changed forever by the intervention include lawyer Frank Betterton.
Fiddlers Three	British	comedy	Harry Watt	Tommy Taylor and The Professor, two sailors returning from leave to Portsmouth, pick up Lydia, a Wren, on the road but get a puncture as they reach Stonehenge. The professor tells them of an old legend that those caught at Stonehenge at midnight on midsummer's night are transported back in time. Moments later the area is struck by lightning. Nearby a group of Roman soldiers have suddenly appeared whom they initially mistake for members of ENSA. However, they swiftly prove to be genuine Romans who arrest them and threaten instant death unless they can prove they are Druids. Among the musical numbers in the picture, Tommy Trinder gives a stupendous performance as Senorita Alvarez from Brazil (impersonating Carmen Miranda).
Ted	American	comedy	Seth MacFarlane	In 1985, eight-year-old John Bennett is an only child living in Norwood, Massachusetts, a suburb of Boston, who wished for his new Christmas gift—a jumbo teddy bear named Ted—to come to life and become his friend. The wish coincides with a shooting star and comes true; word spread and Ted was briefly a celebrity. 27 years later, John (now 35) and Ted are still living in Boston, and are still staunch companions enjoying a hedonistic life. John is dating Lori Collins, who is from Philadelphia. As their anniversary approaches, Lori hopes to marry John but feels he could not move forward with Ted around. John is hesitant about making Ted leave, but he is persuaded to act when they find Ted at home with four prostitutes. John finds Ted his own apartment and a job at a grocery store, where Ted begins dating his co-worker Tami-Lynn. Lori learns that John has been skipping work, using her as an excuse, to continue to spend most of his time with Ted. John and Lori are invited to a party put on by Lori's womanizing manager Rex, but Ted lures John away to a party at his apartment with the offer to meet Sam J. Jones, the star of their favorite film, Flash Gordon. John intends to stay only a few minutes but gets caught up in the occasion. Lori finds John there and breaks up with him. John blames Ted for ruining his life and banishes him. John and Ted confront each other about their ruined friendship and they fight but manage to reconcile after a violent brawl in their hotel room. To repair John's relationship with Lori, Ted arranges for an old lover, singer Norah Jones, to help by having John express his love for Lori with a song during her concert. He does an off-key rendition of Octopussy theme song, All Time High, by Rita Coolidge and is booed offstage. Lori is touched by the attempt and returns to her apartment where Ted confesses about his role in John's relapse and offers to leave them alone forever if she talks to John. Lori is persuaded, but Ted is kidnapped by Donny, an obsessive stalker who idolized Ted as a child. Donny plans to make Ted his brutish son Robert's new toy. Ted manages to reach a phone to contact John but is immediately recaptured. Realizing Ted is in danger, John and Lori locate Donny's residence and track him to rescue Ted. The chase leads to Fenway Park, where John punches Robert, but during the chase, Ted is damaged and falls onto the field ripped entirely in half. A police car arrives, forcing Donny to flee. John and Lori gather Ted's stuffing and Ted relays his wish that John be happy with Lori before dying from his injuries. Unable to accept Ted's death, a distraught John and Lori attempt to repair Ted, which proves useless. Feeling saddened about the incident, Lori makes a wish on a shooting star. The next morning, John hangs his head while looking over Ted's dead body. Fortunately, Ted is magically restored and reconciles with John and Lori, encouraging them to resume their relationship. John and Lori are married (with Sam Jones as the presiding minister), and Ted comfortably accepts having a life of his own as he and Tami-Lynn continued their love affair. Sam Jones attempts to restart his career and moves into a studio apartment with Brandon Routh. Rex gives up his pursuit of Lori, goes into a deep depression, and dies of Lou Gehrig's disease. Donny gets arrested by the Boston Police Department for kidnapping Ted, but charges are dropped because they can't arrest him with kidnapping a stuffed bear. Robert hires a personal trainer, loses a significant amount of weight, and goes on to become Taylor Lautner.
The Maggie	British	comedy	Alexander Mackendrick	The Maggie is a typical Clyde puffer, a small, aged cargo boat with a varied, irascible and argumentative crew. MacTaggart (Alex Mackenzie), her rascal of a captain, is in dire need of £300 to renew his licence. In a shipping office in Glasgow, he overhears Mr Pusey (Hubert Gregg), an Englishman complete with bowler hat and umbrella, trying to arrange for the transportation of some personal furniture for his boss, American Calvin B. Marshall (Paul Douglas). The big, reputable shipping company has nothing immediately available, so MacTaggart gets the job when Pusey mistakenly believes that he works for the company and that the more modern vessel docked next to the Maggie is MacTaggart's. Marshall is a wealthy industrialist, a stubborn and determined self-made man. When he eventually learns the truth, he sets out in pursuit by aeroplane and hired car. Catching up with the puffer, he puts Pusey on board to ensure the cargo is transferred to another boat. But his underling is no match for the captain; he ends up in jail on a charge of poaching. Marshall realizes that he will have to handle the matter personally. After another costly chase, he boards the boat himself to spur the cargo transfer. However, the route and timing of the voyage are governed by MacTaggart, tidal variations and local community priorities. Marshall's hostile attitude gradually softens somewhat. He is particularly touched by the loyalty of the wee boy, Dougie (Tommy Kearins), to his captain. At one point, when Marshall threatens to buy the boat from the owner, MacTaggart's sister, and sell it for scrap, Dougie drops a board on him, knocking him unconscious. His mood changes again when the wily Mactaggart moors the puffer under a wooden jetty; as the tide rises, the jetty (due for dismantling anyway) is damaged, making it impossible to transfer the furniture to the deeper draught vessel when it arrives. At one of the unscheduled stops, the crew attend the hundredth birthday party of an islander, and Marshall chats with a nineteen-year-old girl who is pondering her future. She has two suitors, an up-and-coming, ambitious store owner and a poor fisherman. The American advises her to choose the former, but she believes she will marry the latter, explaining that he will give her his time, rather than just things. This strikes a chord with Marshall. He is having marital difficulties, and the furniture is an attempt to patch things up with his wife. As they finally near their destination, the engine fails. Marshall manages to repair the old, poorly maintained machinery, but it is too late. The Maggie is driven by wind and tide onto some rocks. Marshall asks MacTaggart if they can save her by jettisoning the cargo. Mactaggart then apologetically informs him that he neglected to insure the furniture, but Marshall orders it thrown overboard anyway. The Maggie is saved. At journey's end, Marshall, with some prodding by Dougie, even allows Mactaggart to keep the money he so desperately needs. In appreciation of his magnanimity, Mactaggart renames his boat the Calvin B. Marshall.
The Goose Steps Out	British	comedy	Basil Dearden	Set during the Second World War, The Goose Steps Out recounts the adventures of William Potts (Will Hay) after it is discovered that he is an exact double of a German spy who the British have just captured. Potts is flown into Nazi Germany to impersonate the spy and instructed to seek out and bring back details of a new German secret weapon. On arrival, however, Potts is placed in charge of a group of apparently rabidly-fascist young students who are being trained to work as spies in Britain. Potts attempts to undermine this by convincing the youngsters that the proper British way of saluting a great leader is to apply the V-sign, which they therefore do repeatedly and enthusiastically in the direction of a portrait of the Führer. At a function where he hopes to gather information about the weapon (a gasfire bomb), Potts succeeds only in getting blind drunk and admitting that he is a British agent. Luckily, some members of his class of Nazi youths turn out to be sympathetic Austrians and they help him obtain the secret he seeks. Potts and his new friends eventually commandeer a plane and fly back to Britain, crashing in a tree outside the War Office in London.
Saint John of Las Vegas	American	comedy	Huế Rhodes	A compulsive gambler attempts to cure his addiction by moving from Las Vegas to Albuquerque and working at an auto insurance company, only to find old temptations cropping up once again when he's sent out to investigate a dubious car accident just outside Sin City. After a string of bad luck at the tables, John (Steve Buscemi) decides to give up gambling and take a shot at a normal life. Arriving in Albuquerque and landing a job at an auto insurance company, John goes to work for Mr. Townsend (Peter Dinklage), who pairs him with the company's top fraud debunker, Virgil (Romany Malco), and sends them out on an investigation together. While John is eager to get a promotion, he's reluctant to go anywhere near Las Vegas, and before he leaves he strikes up a tenuous romance with his eccentric co-worker, Jill (Sarah Silverman). On the road, Virgil and John encounter a series of offbeat characters including Ned, a nude militant (Tim Blake Nelson), Tasty D Lite, a wheelchair-using stripper (Emmanuelle Chriqui), and a carnival human torch (John Cho). But while Virgil is the one with the experience, John gradually begins to assert himself and soon his efforts begin to pay off as the case moves closer to conclusion. As John's confidence grows, he becomes increasingly aware of the fact that running away from his gambling problem is not the solution, and that he'll only be able to move forward by returning to Las Vegas to face his demons head on.
Deck Dogz	Australian	comedy	Steve Pasvolsky	It is a movie about three teen skaters, played by young Australian actors Richard Wilson, Sean Kennedy and Ho Thi Lu. Their characters Poker, Spasm and Blue Flame, are trying to escape the law, their school, their parents, their demons and a couple of low-life criminals (Brendan Cowell as Kurt and Mitchell McMahon as Pigeon)[1] to realise their burning ambition — to meet world class skating champion, Tony Hawk and compete in his skating competition at the Beachbowl, a major skate competition at Maroubra Beach, in the hope he'll sponsor them. The movie details their skating journey across Sydney's half-pipes and suburbs.
The Yankee Consul	American	comedy	James W. Horne	Through a series of confusions, Dudley Ainsworth (Douglas MacLean) is required to travel on a passenger ship to Brazil, posing as tha American consul to a South American country. O the ship, he meets Margarita Carrosa (Patsy Ruth Miller) and becomes embroiled in a conspiracy involving Margarita and thieves planning to steal gold from the American consulate in Rio de Janeiro. Upon arrival in Brazil, Margarita is taken hostage by the thieves, and Ainsworth sends word to the U. S. Navy before rushing to an estate where Margarita is being held captive. Ainsworth captures the thieves and rescues the girl. The navy Admiral (Eric Mayne) arrives with the real Yankee consul to reveal that the entire set of events was a prank played on Ainsworth by his friends.
The Love Race	British	comedy	Lupino Lane	Two car firms have a bitter rivalry.
American Reunion	American	comedy	Jon Hurwitz and Hayden Schlossberg	Thirteen years after graduating from high school, Jim Levenstein (Jason Biggs), Chris Oz Ostreicher (Chris Klein), Kevin Myers (Thomas Ian Nicholas), Paul Finch (Eddie Kaye Thomas), and Steve Stifler (Seann William Scott) are well-established in their lives and careers. Jim lives in the Chicago area and is still married to Michelle (Alyson Hannigan) and now has a two-year-old son, Evan. Since the birth of their son, Jim and Michelle's sex life has deteriorated. Oz is an NFL sportscaster living in Los Angeles with his supermodel girlfriend Mia (Katrina Bowden). Kevin is married to Ellie and works from home as an architect. Finch tells his friends that he has been travelling the world, and still searching for his one true love. Stifler works as a temp at an investment firm, where he is also the victim of humiliating verbal abuse by his cold-hearted employer. Former classmate John (John Cho), one half of the 'MILF' duo, organizes a Class of 1999 high school reunion in East Great Falls. Jim and Michelle return to Jim's old home, Jim's mother died from cancer related complications a couple years prior which makes his father Noah (Eugene Levy) now a widower. Jim encounters his neighbor Kara (Ali Cobrin), whom he used to babysit and who is soon to turn 18. Jim meets Oz, Kevin, and Finch at a bar, where they meet Selena Vega (Dania Ramirez), Michelle's best friend from band. Stifler appears unexpectedly, and joins them for weekend activities. The next day, the group goes to the beach. Oz meets his high school girlfriend, Heather (Mena Suvari), who is dating a cardiologist named Ron (Jay Harrington), and Kevin reconnects with Vicky (Tara Reid). The guys have an altercation with Kara's boyfriend, A.J., (Chuck Hittinger) and his friends, which ends with Stifler defecating in their beer cooler and destroying their jet skis. That night, most of the group go to the falls and find a high school party celebrating Kara's birthday. Finch and Selena reconnect, and they fall in love. Kara gets drunk; Jim drives her home, and she tries to seduce him. They are discovered by John, who simply mistakes Kara for Michelle. Oz, Finch, and Stifler help Jim return Kara to her parents' home, but A.J. spots them. Kevin wakes up hungover next to Vicky and assumes they had sex. Jim and Michelle attend a party thrown by Stifler, hoping to recreate their prom night, and bring Noah along. Noah gets drunk and encounters Stifler's mother Jeanine (Jennifer Coolidge) for the first time. Kevin confronts Vicky about the night before, but she insists there was no sex. Mia takes ecstasy, and Ron humiliates Oz. A newly sympathetic Heather comforts Oz, and they reconcile. They are interrupted by Mia, who starts a fight with Heather. Stifler performs oral sex on a former classmate named Long Lips Loni hoping she would return the favor, only to strike out. By this point in the story, Jim has told Kara that he does not care about her. A fight ensues between A.J. and his gang against Jim and his friends, which is disrupted by police. But the police only arrest Finch for stealing a motorcycle, which Stifler finds amusing. Exasperated by Stifler's immaturity, the guys blast him, and finally admit that they did not want him to ruin things like he always does. Distraught, Stifler ends the party. Mia leaves Oz, Stifler decides to skip the reunion, and Michelle goes to her grandmother's. At the reunion, Finch admits that he is an assistant manager at Staples and stole the motorcycle from his boss when he did not receive a raise that was promised. The boys apologize to Stifler at his place of work, and insist that he is their friend saying he is their asshole; without him, high school would not have been any fun. Stifler is uplifted by this and quits his job - but not before standing up to his antagonizing boss, Duraiswamy - and attends the reunion. Kevin reconciles with Vicky. Finch makes amends with Selena for lying, and they have sex in the bathroom - but not before a premonition of something vague but bad happening, which is that Stifler is having sex with his mother, as revenge on him for having sex with Stifler's mother. Oz reunites with Heather (a result of Stifler beating up Ron), and Jim reconciles with Michelle. Jessica (Natasha Lyonne) reveals that she is a lesbian, and with Stifler's help, Sherman (Chris Owen) hooks up with Loni. Stifler is asked to be a party planner for a wedding for his former lacrosse teammates. He also meets Finch's mother Rachel (Rebecca De Mornay), who intrigues Stifler by telling him she wishes her son were more into sports. After Rachel makes a brazen sexual pass at Stifler using lacrosse equipment-related innuendos, Rachel and Stifler proceed to have sex on the lacrosse field, while Rachel loudly and passionately agrees with Stifler's proclamations about his manliness. John is reunited with his estranged buddy, Justin (Justin Isfeld) (MILF Guy #1) and they watch Stifler having sex with Finch's mom while chanting MILF! MILF! MILF!. The next morning, Jim and Kara share a tender moment while apologizing to each other for their behavior. Oz plans to stay in town with Heather, Finch plans a trip with Selena to Europe, and Stifler drops subtle hints about sleeping with Finch's mom. Kevin proposes a pact for them to reunite once a year. They all agree and make a toast as the franchise's theme song (Laid) plays. As the credits roll, Stifler says, I fucked Finch's mom! in a half-whisper, leaving Finch disgusted. In a mid-credits scene, Noah Levenstein receives sexual gratification from Stifler's Mom at a movie theater.
Church Ball	American	comedy	Kurt Hale	A local Utah LDS Church's holds the record as having the worst basketball team in the church ball league. The team has failed to make it into the church tournament in the past 20 years. Due to rumors of this being the last year of the league, former team coach, and now Bishop Linderman (Fred Willard) has called Dennis Buckstead (Andrew Wilson) to coach a team made of clumsy misfits to the championship. Church expectations of brotherly love, sportsmanship, and fellowship fall prey to competitive fierceness in the effort to win, while Dennis works to bring unity and cooperation.
Mr. Woodcock	American	comedy	Craig Gillespie	John Farley (Seann William Scott) is a successful self-help author who returns to his hometown in Nebraska to receive an award. Farley arrives at home and learns that his widowed mother Beverly (Susan Sarandon) is dating his former Physical Education teacher Jasper Woodcock (Billy Bob Thornton). Farley disapproves of the relationship because he remembers Woodcock as an abusive bully. Woodcock and Beverly become engaged and the majority of the film centers on Farley's attempts to convince his mother to break off the relationship. Farley becomes increasingly obsessed with beating Woodcock at various competitions and with proving that Woodcock is not a suitable mate for Beverly. Farley's antics are so childish and extreme that his new love interest Tracy (Melissa Sagemiller), a former classmate, refuses to see him again. Farley is set to receive his award at the same ceremony where Woodcock will be presented with an award for Educator of the Year. Woodcock receives his award first and is praised by numerous members of the community for being a great teacher and influence on children. Farley is unconvinced and devotes his entire acceptance speech to explaining why Woodcock is the biggest asshole on the planet. Woodcock and various crowd members refute Farley's points, and Woodcock then challenges Farley to a fight. Beverly witnesses the confrontation and dumps Woodcock. The next day, Farley has a heart-to-heart conversation with his mother, who tells him that he is selfish and has always sabotaged her relationships with men after his father's death. Farley realizes she is correct and attempts to apologize to Woodcock. The two have a final exorcising fight, which leads to Woodcock suffering a concussion. Farley and Beverly visit Woodcock in the hospital and all three seemingly make peace. Farley declares that the key to life is not getting past your past but instead learning to embrace your past. He opines that Woodcock's vicious treatment in gym class helped him become the man he is today. The film ends with several short scenes cut into the final credits. These scenes reveal that Woodcock and Beverly got married, Farley was reunited with Tracy, and Farley wrote a second book entitled Backbone: The Definite Guide to Self Confidence.
The Non-Stop Kid	American	comedy	Gilbert Pratt	Bebe plays a pretty young thing with several suitors, including Harold, competing to win her affections.
The Suburbanite	American	comedy	Wallace McCutcheon	The film is about a family who move to the suburbs, hoping for a quiet life. Things start to go wrong, and the wife gets violent and starts throwing crockery, leading to her arrest.
Filmistaan	Bollywood	comedy	Nitin Kakkar	In Mumbai, an affable Indian Punjabi Hindu Bollywood buff and wanna-be-actor Suneet (Sunny), who works as an assistant director, fantasizes on becoming a heart-throb star. However, at every audition he is summarily thrown out. Undeterred, he goes with an American crew to remote areas in Rajasthan to work on a documentary. One day, a terrorist, Muslim Jihadist group kidnaps him instead of an American crew-member. Sunny finds himself on enemy border amidst guns and pathani-clad guards, who decide to keep him hostage until they locate their original target. The house where he is confined belongs to a Pakistani Muslim, whose trade stems from pirated Hindi films, which he brings back every time he crosses the border. Soon, the two factions realize that they share a human and cultural bond. The film shows how cinema can be the universal panacea for co-existence.
One Week	American	comedy	Edward F. Cline, Buster Keaton	The story involves two newlyweds, Keaton and Seely, who receive a build-it-yourself house as a wedding gift. The house can be built, supposedly, in one week. A rejected suitor secretly re-numbers packing crates. The movie recounts Keaton's struggle to assemble the house according to this new arrangement. The end result is depicted in the picture. As if this were not enough, Keaton finds he has built his house on the wrong site and has to move it. The movie reaches its tense climax when the house becomes stuck on railroad tracks. Keaton and Seely try to move it out the way of an oncoming train, which eventually passes on the neighboring track. As the couple look relieved, the house is immediately struck and demolished by another train coming the other way. Keaton stares at the scene, places a 'For Sale' sign with the heap (attaching the building instructions) and walks off with Seely. The New York Times movie review said, One Week, a Buster Keaton work, has more fun in it than most slap-stick, trick-property comedies.[3]
The League of Gentlemen's Apocalypse	American	comedy	Steve Bendelack	One night, Jeremy Dyson calls the other members of The League of Gentlemen to talk about a new series idea he's had, in which everyone in Royston Vasey would wake up with a tail, but the other writers no longer wish to write the series and are keen to move on to new projects. Suddenly he is confronted by three characters from the series; Papa Lazarou and the Tattsyrups. Dyson tries to run, but falls off the edge of a cliff. At the church in Royston Vasey, the local vicar, Bearnice Woodall, tells fellow residents Pauline Campbell-Jones and Mr. Chinnery that there are signs of The Apocalypse occurring. Hilary Briss has escaped from prison and is on the moors near Royston Vasey. He finds Herr Lipp there and holds him hostage. Briss uses Lipp to steal a car, driven by Geoff Tipps. Fleeing fireballs, Briss leads them through a door in the church crypt, and they emerge In the real town of Hadfield, Derbyshire, the setting for Royston Vasey in The League of Gentlemen television series. With the situation explained to them by Lazarou and the Tattsyrups, Briss, Herr Lipp and Geoff Tipps travel to London. Lipp pretends to be his creator, Steve Pemberton, and goes home, where he discovers that Pemberton has been neglecting his family. Briss and Tipps read through The League of Gentlemen's new project, a historical horror called The King's Evil. While Tipps continues to read, Briss chases after an escapee Pemberton and re-captures him, but when they return to the hideout, Briss discovers that Tipps has written himself into the plot of The King's Evil as the hero. Lipp meanwhile has become deeply attached to Pemberton's family, in particular his children. He looks through some of Pemberton's personal belongings in order to find Pemberton's notes. Briss takes Pemberton up to Hadfield, where Pemberton telephones Reece Shearsmith to tell him what has been going on. Shearsmith does not believe that Pemberton has been captured and thinks that Briss is playing a joke on him, so Briss comes to the phone. Shearsmith initially believes that Mark Gatiss is joining in on the joke when he opens a door and Gatiss is standing right in front of him. Shearsmith and Gatiss find and capture Herr Lipp, and they travel up to Hadfield. They enter the dimensional door, go back to Royston Vasey, and swap their hostages, but Pemberton is killed by a stray gunshot. Dr Erasmus Pea, the villain of The King's Evil, tries to convince Briss to leave Royston Vasey and join him, but Briss refuses. Pea kills his fellow characters and turns them into a gigantic homunculus, which Briss fights. Shearsmith and Gatiss climb up the wall of the church in order to escape, but Shearsmith falls to his death. Briss kills the monster, but he himself is stabbed in the back by Pea. Before he dies, he tells Tipps that he is the only one who can save Royston Vasey. Tipps fights with Dr. Pea, while Gatiss tries to return to the modern world. However, he is stopped by Herr Lipp, who holds him at gunpoint. Tipps manages to kill Pea using part of the homunculus, but the chaos still goes on. In the church, Lipp says he will kill Gatiss. The other characters try to dissuade him, as they believe that once all the writers are dead, Royston Vasey will cease to exist and all of them will die. Lipp claims that they will in fact be better off, because as long as they're being controlled by someone else they have no free will and can never change for the better. Tipps tells Lipp that because he managed to save the day and can therefore change, Lipp does not need to kill Gatiss. He persuades Herr Lipp to hand him the gun, only for Tipps to accidentally fire it and kill Gatiss himself. With all the writers now dead, the residents of Royston Vasey prepare for the worst, but instead, everything calms down and The Apocalypse ends. The characters realise they now have free will. Herr Lipp adopts some orphaned children, the vet, Mr Chinnery, finds a rabbit and is able to take care of it without killing it, and Bearnice and Pauline appear to become romantically involved. Tipps leaves the church, waving goodbye to Edward, Tubbs and Papa Lazarou. It appears that Royston Vasey can continue to exist independently of its dead creators. However, Dyson is still alive and in a coma after falling off the cliff. Everyone else in the world now has tails.
Su.. Su... Sudhi Vathmeekam	Malayalam	comedy	Ranjith Sankar	The movie expands with the theme of a person struggling with stammering. The person is Sudhi. The movie starts with Sudhi(Jayasurya) coming to the bank in which he serves as the branch manager to check the making of a movie which stars Mukesh and Greagon(Aju Varghese), Sudhi's old friend. The shooting of the movie is delayed and Sudhi gets tagged with Mukesh to reach his hometown. On the way Mukesh warms up to Sudhi and Sudhi tells Mukesh about his troubles in childhood and youth caused by stammering and how he overcame it. Sudhi reaches his hometown for a function in a school where he earlier worked. Mukesh alights and meets with the characters in Sudhi's story and learns Sudhi has married the speech therapist who at first caused troubles for him and later motivated him to live life without fear. Mukesh leaves happily for his next shooting and Sudhi rekindles with his hometown.
Pay Day	American	comedy	Charlie Chaplin	Chaplin plays a laborer on a house construction site. When he gets paid, his wife wants all the money, but he manages to keep enough of it to go out drinking. He returns home just in time to pretend he has just woken up to go to work.
Oh, My God	Bollywood	comedy	Sourabh Shrivastava	Vinay Pathak stars as Rajendra, a salesman who wants to make it big in life but through ethical ways. Suman (Divya Dutta) is Rajendra's wife, who stands by her husband. As Rajendra continues to fail in his various money-making schemes, Suman pleads with God to help her husband. God (played in human form by Saurabh Shukla) tries to help Rajendra become successful but is constantly frustrated as Rajendra fails to recognize the opportunities.
The Pretty One	American	comedy	Jenée LaMarque	Laurel and Audrey (Zoe Kazan) are identical twins. Although they look the same on the outside, their personalities are very different, with Audrey being popular, sophisticated and successful while Laurel is shy, childlike, awkward and still living at home with their widowed father (John Carroll Lynch) and his new fiancée, and helping him with his work of reproducing famous paintings. At their birthday party, Audrey decides to take Laurel to live with her, and in preparation to the move, Laurel gets a new haircut that makes her look like her sister. Returning from the hair salon, they get in a severe car crash together, and when Laurel wakes up in the hospital, she is informed that her sister has died. Suffering from post-traumatic amnesia, Laurel doesn't remember who she is at first and due to her new haircut and the fact that the deceased's body was burned beyond recognition following the accident, everybody assumes she's actually Audrey. The morning of her sister's funeral, Laurel remembers her actual identity but decides to keep everyone thinking that was Laurel the one who died in the crash, especially when she realizes nobody at her funeral has anything to say about her. Laurel flies back to the city where Audrey used to live and work as a real estate agent. There, she meets her late sister's tenant, Basel (Jake Johnson), who is confused about Audrey's sudden change of personality, because Audrey was never nice to him before. While posing as her sister, she learns that Audrey had a married boyfriend, Charles (Ron Livingston), but broke up with him before the accident. Laurel continues to spend more time with Basel and Audrey's best friend and coworker Claudia (Frankie Shaw), who grows suspicious due to Audrey's change of behavior and sudden lack of skills at work. Eventually, Laurel and Basel fall in love and begin a relationship. When she finally feels that she is adapting to her new life, Laurel accidentally introduces Charles as her ex-boyfriend to her boss Edith (Sabrina Lloyd), not knowing that Charles is actually Edith's husband, and getting immediately fired as a result. Shortly after this, Basel proposes to Laurel saying that he has loved her since they first met, which to Laurel means he loves her as Audrey, not as herself. Unable to continue deceiving everyone, Laurel reveals the truth to Basel, but he is devastated by her deception and breaks up with her. Laurel returns to her father's home, who's also shocked to hear what Laurel did, while at the same time being relieved that the daughter he felt closer to is still alive. They have another funeral for Audrey, and after talking to Claudia and receiving praises and encouragements from her father after showing him her original paintings, Laurel eventually comes to terms with her own insecurities about being the less worthy sister. She returns to the city as herself and looks for Basel who's still upset but also still in love with her. In the end he forgives her, and they share a kiss and start making plans for the future.
Talk of a Million	British	comedy	John Paddy Carstairs	Shakespeare loving Bartley Murnahan (Jack Warner) is a likeable, but work-shy fraudster who convinces creditors that he is due a half million pound inheritance, and goes ahead purchasing a number of expensive properties. How long will it take before the creditors see through his blarney?
Knucklehead	American	comedy	Michael Watkins	Walter Krunk is a 35-year-old orphan who has lived in an orphanage since childhood because he never was adopted but has made a friendship with a fellow video game addicted orphan named Henry. During a play of the Wizard of Oz Walter ruins the set during the opening due to his harness malfunctioning which caused him to swing around and crash into the set. Meanwhile, retired MMA fighter Eddie Sullivan is training a fellow fighter for a tournament in New Orleans with a $100,000 prize to the winner, fellow rival Memphis Earl has also trained a bigger, scarier fighter named Redrum for the tournament, both of their trainees have a short match but Eddie's fighter is easily knocked out with one punch. Earl threatens Eddie saying that if he doesn't find a new fighter they'll beat him down bad. One day Walter is cooking with Henry when Walter suddenly goess to the bathroom and tells Henry to watch the food, Henry is distracted by a game and doesn't see that the food has started a fire, the fire department manages to put the fire out but it leaves the kitchen destroyed. a local law enforcement States that without a working kitchen the orphanage will close down and the kids will be put in foster homes unless they can get enough money to fix the kitchen in 10 days. Eddie enters a church and asks God to let him find a good fighter in time for the tournament, the owner of the orphanage is scolding Walter for causing the fire but makes him fall into the church and Eddie decides to train to be his fighter. After watching his video advertisement they are reluctant since Walter is not much of a fighter but the owner agrees due to that it's their only option and agree but they threaten Eddie that if he runs away with the money they'll hurt him bad, so she makes Mary Alice go with them and persuades Walter with saying what happens to the other orphans and set off for matches around the nearby city's and States in the orphanage school bus. The first match is in Jefferson city at a church, Eddie decides to tape and upload the match highlights for internet fan buzz, during the match Walter doesn't show much of a fight and is easily dominated but manages to win when he falls on his opponent making him submit. Meanwhile, Memphis Earl and Redrum go to the gym and want to see Eddie but his father tells them that he isn't there and got a new fighter, they want to know who it is but he refused to tell them even after intimidating him. That night at a motel Mary and Walter have a talk about the situation with the choice to fight, Mary doesn't want it to go but Walter changes her mind by saying that he's on the road for the first time in his life and that he's doing something important to himself. Meanwhile, Earl and Redrum have found the group at the motel and threaten Eddie to stay away from New Orleans. The next day driving to the next match the bus engine starts smoking causing the bus to crash into a pole and eventually explodes, Eddie, Mary and Walter escape unharmed. Walking on the road with only $200 Mary manages to get a truck driver to take them to the next match, the next fight is at a kids house where he hosts fights in his backyard and pays the fighters with the attendance money from other kids. While Eddie gives Walter a pep talk to get him riled up the kids dad notices the fights and goes on a rampage telling everyone to get out of his yard, Walter runs into the backyard and tackles the dad into the fence thinking he was his opponent. Eddie calls his dad who got injured because of Earl and Redrum and tells him to enter the tournament and win to avenge him, Mary takes them to a trailer park where her friend Tina lives, they tell her of the situation and remembers that at a nearby carnival there was a sign that offered anyone to fight a grizzly bear with a $500 prize and gives Walter a new look (shaving his head and giving tattoo's), and falls in love with Tina. Walter manages to win with a choke hold and is given the nickname the Bear Basher. Later that night while riding a bus Walter has a serious gas attack that leads to the group being kicked off the bus, meanwhile Memphis Earl has found that Walter is a serious threat and might win the tournament so he decides to adopt Henry and hold him hostage but the owner refuses to let him adopt even after he promises a good life for him. The group walks to a gas station and Eddie goes in to ask for directions to a rental car company, a motorcycle gang shows up and starts messing around with Mary, Eddie attempts to help but is outnumbered by them, Walter comes and fights them off, Eddie goes in to get the security footage and continue their journey on one of the gang member's motorcycle. During a camp out Mary and Walter ask Eddie why he retired from fighting and then make jokes saying it was a testicular injury, throughout the journey Walter wins more fights earning more money while Eddie teaches Mary and Walter more fighting moves. During another camp out Eddie and Mary start having feelings for each other. Finally arriving in New Orleans Eddie checks the group in to a luxury hotel, plans a pre-fight celebration for a night on the town and buys Mary a dress and Walter a tuxedo. At the restaurant Eddie tells Walter to not stare but Eddie does when Mary walks in, some girls invite Walter to dance but Mary stays at their table. Mary gets drunk from drinking Eddie's drink and confronts the Waitress when she sees her talking to Eddie which results in a fight ending with Mary knocking out the Waitress with a spinning heel kick. The following day while Walter is preparing for the tournament at the hotel Tina shows up giving a pair of shorts that she made for him. During the sign in Mary calls the owner saying that the trip is almost over but after the call ended a fellow worker informed the owner that they couldn't find Henry. The man who is in charge of the sign in says that Eddie didn't pre register so Walter can't compete, Mary tells everyone who Walter is so they get into the tournament. Both Walter and Redrum make it to the finals, backstage Eddie's dad shows up not wanting to miss the main event, Eddie not sure if Walter will win asks his dad to make sure that the money they made on the road makes to the orphanage. Memphis Earl reveals to Mary in the Girls bathroom why Eddie retired, it was because he was banned from fighting for life for taking a dive in a title fight and that he only cares about himself and probably betting against Walter now. When she confronts Eddie, before he can explain the situation the orphanage workers reveal that Memphis Earl has kidnapped Henry and is holding hostage unless Walter takes a dive in the fight, Eddie plans to have the match stalled while the workers look for Henry knowing that Earl won't leave with Redrum in the ring. During the fight Earl shows up with Henry to distract Walter but this makes him angry enough to win the fight by Submission and Memphis Earl is arrested for kidnapping. During the celebration Eddie's dad reveals that he bet the $4,000 on Walter to win and got $80,000 for the orphanage, Eddie and Mary kiss to end the scene. Walter is then filling a moving truck for his new apartment, he notices Henry looking upset and Henry tells him its because he's moving and he's not and that he is losing his best friend, Walter tells that he's going to adopt Henry and wouldn't leave him behind, they hug to end the movie.
Little Fockers	American	comedy	Paul Weitz	Five years after the events of the previous film, Gaylord Greg Focker (Stiller) is preparing to celebrate his twins' fifth-birthday party. Things seem to go awry when Greg's father-in-law Jack Byrnes (De Niro) visits. Recently, Jack has been diagnosed with a heart condition and become embittered by his daughter Debbie's divorce from her husband Bob (their marriage was the social event in the first film and how Jack and Greg met), for cheating on her with a nurse. Jack's original plan was to declare Bob his successor as head of the Byrnes family, but he decides to pass the role to Greg, naming him The Godfocker. Despite Greg reluctantly accepting the role, Jack resumes his spying on him and begins to suspect him of infidelity when he sees him with drug representative Andi Garcia (Alba), who openly flirts with him, and the presence of Sustengo erection pills in Greg's house prompts Jack to think Greg is no longer sexually attracted to his wife Pam (Polo). Furthermore, Jack starts to doubt Greg's ability to provide for his family when he appears reluctant to send his children to a private school. During a medical conference promoting Sustengo, Greg meets Bob at a bar. Bob tells Greg of Jack's original intention to name him as successor, The Bobfather, and his relief and happiness at leaving Jack's family makes Greg slightly uncomfortable. Meanwhile, Jack speaks to Pam about the possibility of divorcing Greg and renewing her relationship with her ex-fiancé, Kevin Rawley (Wilson). Eventually, following a row at a clinic, Greg escapes to his and Pam's unfinished new house, where Andi turns up. She tries to cheer him up with takeout and wine, but she drinks so much wine (also popping many erection pills) that she gets excessively drunk and makes an eccentric, extremely aggressive sexual pass on Greg. Jack, looking for Greg so he can apologize to him and bring him home, pulls up to the house and sees through the window what looks like Greg and Andi having sex, although Greg is actually trying to rebuff Andi's advances. Disgusted, Jack leaves, and tells Dina and Pam that he couldn't find Greg. Greg's parents Bernie (Hoffman) and Roz (Streisand) rejoin the family at the twins' birthday party the next day. Enraged at Greg's apparent infidelity, Jack engages him in a physical fight, despite Greg claiming that Andi was drunk and he was rebuffing her. The fight culminates with Jack having a heart attack and collapsing, and Greg quickly taking charge of the situation and looking after Jack. As paramedics take him away, Jack quietly admits that he believes Greg after feeling his carotid artery, which remained stable while Greg was claiming his innocence. Impressed with Greg for his integrity and quick thinking, Jack approves Greg to be the Godfocker. Four months later, on Christmas Day, Greg and Pam's parents come to spend Christmas with them in their new house. Greg's parents (who are Jewish) give Jack a kippah as his present, informing him that while they were nursing him back to health they traced his family roots and discovered that he is part Jewish (which doesn't impress Jack). Bernie informs Greg and Pam that he and Roz have sold their Miami Island home and are moving to Chicago, only two houses down from their house. Jack and Dina decide they will move too, because they also want to be close to their grandchildren. The film ends with Greg and Pam trying to wean their parents off the idea. During the credits, Jack is back in his home on Long Island. He has grown fond of the search engine Google (having used it to do research on Andi earlier in the film). With Mr. Jinx, the family's cat, Jack watches a video of Greg on YouTube in which Greg mocks him at the Sustengo conference. Jack then discovers a remixed version of the video using puns of several of the words in the video, and is slightly amused.
Those People Next Door	British	comedy	John Harlow	In Second World War era Britain, working-class Sam Twigg (Jack Warner) and his wife Mary (Marjorie Rhodes) are raising their family in the shadow of the Blitz. Their next door neighbours Joe (Charles Victor) and Emma (Gladys Henson) practically live in the Twigg's house, borrowing cups of sugar or using their Anderson shelter. Controversy arises when Sam's pretty daughter Anne (Patricia Cutts) becomes romantically involved with RAF officer Victor Stevens (Peter Forbes-Robertson). There is disapproval from Victor's wealthy parents, Sir Andrew and Lady Stevens (Garry Marsh and Grace Arnold), who object to the match on grounds of class. Lady Stevens even offers money to the Twigg family to call off the relationship, which enrages father Sam. However, when RAF man Victor is reportedly shot down in action, parental attitudes soften.
Upstairs and Downstairs	British	comedy	Ralph Thomas	Richard Barry marries Kate, daughter of his boss, Mansfield. Mansfield tells Richard he needs to take over the entertaining for their film so Richard decides to hire a servant. Their first hire, the Italian Maria, ends disastrously when she keeps inviting sailors over to their house to party. They eventually hire Ingrid.
The Wedding	Russian	comedy	Pavel Lungin	Tanya returns to her hometown after working as a model in Moscow. She decides to marry Mishka. A series of unexpected events arise during the process.
SuperBabies: Baby Geniuses 2	American	comedy	Bob Clark	The film starts with a group of babies in a day care center. Archie tells his friends, Finkleman, Alex, and Rosita, a story about Kahuna; according to Archie, Kahuna is a super baby with super strength and seemingly doesn't age, and he once rescued a group of children from an evil orphanage at the Berlin Wall run by a villainous overseer Biscane. Back in the present day, Archie's father Stan, who owns the daycare, allows his center to be used as a filming location by the now TV mogul Biscane, who is starting up his own TV channel. Archie and the other babies sneak into Stan's office and decide to research Biscane but are caught. Archie overhears Biscane's helpers talking about their plan, accidentally attracting their attention, but he is rescued by Kahuna. Kylie the babysitter takes them all out to the children's museum, but Biscane's helpers accidentally knock their disc into the stroller. After a pursuit, Kahuna rescues them all; he then takes them all to his base. Kahuna transforms the babies into superbabies: Archie is Brain Boy, Alex is Bouncing Boy, Rosita is Cupid Girl, and Finkleman is Baby Courageous. Later, Archie eavesdrops on Kylie and Zach, Kahuna's helper; Zack tells her that Kahuna's father was a scientist and developed a formula for a potion. Kahuna enters the lab, and a mysterious person tries to drink the potion, but accidentally chucks it when a storm breaks through the window. It lands and Kahuna drinks it, transforming him into a super baby. Kahuna's brother became jealous and annoyed at his brother, whom his friends call a freak. When the father died, Kahuna was put into an orphanage; after escaping, he set out to rescue babies and children everywhere. The next day, Zack and Kylie find the disc that fell in the stroller earlier. The disc contains a clip of the program that is to be aired on Biscane's TV channel, followed by seemingly random code; they realize that Biscane is up to no good. The group spies on Biscane as he prepares to launch his channel, but Kahuna figures out that Biscane plans to take over the world through his TV channel by hypnotizing kids to never go outside, so he attacks the broadcast satellites, which causes him to disappear. The babies decide to become their super alter egos to save Kahuna. With Stan, Archie's mom, Kylie, and Zack with them, they return to Kahuna's hideout and become Bounce Boy, Cupid Girl, Brain Boy and Courageous Boy. After having escaped his prison, Kahuna arrives, followed by Biscane and his goons. Biscane manages to get the disc he needs and begins to air the hypnotic clip on TV. Biscane then reveals the truth that he is actually Kahuna's jealous older brother, and is revealed to be the person who tried to drink the potion. The babies then knock Biscane into Kahuna's machine and he becomes a baby, much to his despair. Kahuna reverses Biscane's TV clip and all the children decide to run and play outside. Kahuna tells Archie that he must go and though they'll always be friends. Kahuna leaves in his flying vehicle, waving at him and saying he'll always be a hero.
Pullipulikalum Aattinkuttiyum	Malayalam	comedy	Lal Jose	Chakka Gopan (Kunchacko Boban) is a tourist guide residing in Kuttanad. He is the sole breadwinner of his family, which consists of his mother Madhavi (K. P. A. C. Lalitha) and three elder brothers. His brothers, Maniyan, Suku and Vijayan are good for nothing. They spend their day in the toddy shop and do small jobs like threatening people for a living. They have many enemies, who take revenge on the helpless Gopan instead. Gopan has a rival in Kavalaykal Kuriyachan, a rich boat owner. One day, Gopan manages to get some tourists. But he has to provide them some entertainment. He approaches Mamachan, a friend who does multiple jobs like a travel agency and marriage brokering. Mamachan's attitude of doing everything earned him the name 'Enthinum Eathinum Mamachan' (Anything and Everything Mamachan). Mamachan arranges a dancer, Kainakary Jayasree for Gopan's guests. Jayasree's mother Revamma, a former drama actress, is a bit dubious of Gopan and tries to increase their payment day by day. She even fakes an illness with Jayasree for the money. During one such dance, the police come searching for a missing girl. Gopan tells them to search in Kuriyachan's boat and in the end Kuriyachan is arrested for immoral trafficking. Gopan begins to panic, as he thinks Kuriyachan's men will come for revenge. After some comic events involving Kuriyachan, Gopan is beaten by Kuriyachan's men while returning Jayasree. After Gopan gets okay, he falls for Jayasree and vice versa. But they get trapped in a fake human trafficking case. They however come out unscathed, after Gopan's brothers and friends threaten the policeman with evidence of bribes and his affairs with other women. Sometime later, Gopan's brother Maniyan suddenly has a chest pain and is taken to the hospital. The doctor informs Gopan that the pain was only gas. But Gopan convinces the doctor to tell his brother's that it was a heart attack, sensing an opportunity to change his brothers' way of living. The doctor convinces Maniyan, Suku and Vijayan that they could also have a heart attack if they don't change their habits. The fear of death has the brothers changing their habits and becoming hardworking men. They enter the boat racing team with Maniyan being the team captain. The brothers are also married to their subsequent crushes. Meanwhile, Revamma, who was against Gopan and Jayasree's relation, tries many tricks to separate them but is forced to give up. But Kuriyachan's vengeance increases as he was sacked from team captain spot and replaced by Maniyan. He wrecks the race boat and destroys Gopan's house boat. He also cheats Revamma, who was trying to sell her home. As a result, Revamma has a heart attack and dies. Not wanting to bring his brothers back to their old rowdy life, Gopan and his comrades Mamachan, Susheelan and Babu go to exact revenge. They bash up Kuriyachan and then leaves him to beat up by the remaining townspeople. In the final scene, Gopan and Jayasree are shown on a boat, planning for the life ahead.
The Little Hours	American	comedy	Jeff Baena	In the year 1347 in Garfagnana, a convent of nuns is led by Father Tommasso. The nuns include Alessandra, who wants a better life for herself and is held at the convent due to her father's support of the church rather than her own bidding; Ginevra, a gossip who is later revealed to be a lesbian and Jewish; and Fernanda, an emotionally unstable and violent woman. The three of them routinely assault the gardener, who quits in disgust. Meanwhile in Lunigiana, a young servant named Massetto gets caught having sexual relations with his master's wife. While on the run, he discovers Father Tommasso, who has gone to sell some embroidery but has instead gotten drunk and lost his possessions in the river. Massetto helps him get back home. The two arrange to have Massetto work as a gardener while pretending to be a deaf-mute, in hopes that this will dissuade the nuns from giving him trouble. Alessandra and Fernanda both end up having sex with Massetto. Massetto and Alessandra begin to form a closer bond while Ginevra begins to have feelings for Fernanda. Later, Fernanda kidnaps Massetto at knife-point and takes him into the forest, where she meets up with a coven of witches. She attempts to perform a fertility ritual with Massetto but is stopped by the arrival of Alessandra and Ginevra. Ginevra, under the hallucinogenic effects of belladonna, takes off her clothes and begins dancing and steals the convent's donkey. Massetto reveals that he is not a deaf-mute while trying to free himself. They return to the convent, and all of their secrets are revealed in the presence of the visiting Bishop Bartolomeo. Father Tommasso is sent away to become a monk after it is discovered that he and the Mother Superior are in love and have a secret relationship. Massetto is returned to his master and is held in a jail cell with the impending threat of torture and death until the three nuns (who have reconciled and formed an even stronger friendship) help him escape. While Alessandra, Massetto, Ginevra, and Fernanda each run hand-in-hand back to the convent, the Mother Superior and Father Tommasso have met up in secret under the pretense that the Mother Superior has gone to retrieve the donkey. They hide as the nuns and Massetto run by. Fernanda stops and stares in puzzlement at the once again freed donkey that she herself used as an excuse so many times to escape the convent, until Ginevra pulls her away. With the group gone, Father Tommasso and Mother Superior embrace and smile at each other.
All About Steve	American	comedy	Phil Traill	Mary Horowitz, a crossword puzzle writer for the Sacramento Herald, is socially awkward and considers her pet hamster her only true friend. Her parents decide to set her up on a blind date. Mary's expectations are low, as she tells her hamster. Mary is pleasantly surprised when her date turns out to be handsome and charming Steve Miller, a cameraman for the television news network CCN. Steve does not reciprocate her feelings. After an attempt at an intimate moment fails, in part because of her awkwardness and inability to stop talking about vocabulary, Steve fakes a phone call about covering the news out of town. Trying to get Mary out of his truck, he tells her he wishes she could be there. Mary believes him and decides to pursue him. Mary's obsession gets her fired when she creates a crossword titled All About Steve. Following her termination, Mary decides to track Steve around the country in the hopes of winning his affection. She is encouraged by CCN news reporter Hartman Hughes, who hopes to use Mary's encyclopedic knowledge in his reports to help himself get a promotion to become an anchor. On the road, Mary annoys some bus passengers so much, the driver abandons her. She hitchhikes with a trucker named Norm, then meets and travels with a pair of protesters, Elizabeth, a ditzy but sweet and likeable girl, and Howard, who sells apples he carves into celebrities. She gradually grows close to the two. Steve and crew end up covering a breaking news story: an old mine collapsed with numerous deaf children stuck inside. Initially, it appears that the children are rescued. Mary, who arrives on the scene, accidentally falls into the mine shaft as well while making a beeline for Steve. It turns out that not all the children have been rescued, and Mary is trapped with one left behind. Steve begins to realize that Mary, in her own unique way, is a beautiful person. Just as Mary figures a way out, the two are joined by Hartman, who is made to feel guilty by Elizabeth and Howard for getting Mary into this predicament. Mary's rescue plan works, but she lets Hartman take the credit. Mary finally realizes she does not need Steve to be happy. She states, If you love someone, set him free; if you have to stalk him, he probably wasn't yours in the first place. After the end credits, a competitive TV reporter, in despair that Hartman got popularity by falling into the mine while trying to save Mary, also jumps into the mine.
Grown Ups	American	comedy	Dennis Dugan	In 1978, five childhood friends win their junior high school basketball championship. Afterwards, they celebrate at a rented lake house. The friends' coach, Robert Ferdinando (Blake Clark), whom they nickname Buzzer, encourages them to live their lives in a similar way to how they played the game. Thirty years later, Lenny (Adam Sandler) has become an ambitious Hollywood talent agent with his wife, fashion designer Roxanne (Salma Hayek), and his three children—daughter Becky (Alexys Nycole Sanchez) and two sons Greg (Jake Goldberg) and Keith (Cameron Boyce). The boys act very spoiled in his vicinity, much to his annoyance. Eric (Kevin James) claims he is now a co-owner of a lawn furniture company, and is also disappointed in his wife Sally (Maria Bello) for continuing to breastfeed Bean (Morgan Gingerich), one of his two children, the other being Donna (Ada-Nicole Sanger). Kurt (Chris Rock) is a stay-at-home father with two children, Andre and Charlotte (Nadji Jeter and China Anne McClain). His wife Deanne (Maya Rudolph), the primary breadwinner of the family, is pregnant with another child and shares the house with her mother, Ronzoni (Ebony Jo-Ann). Rob (Rob Schneider), nicknamed Carrot, has been divorced three times and holds custody of his daughters Jasmine, Amber, and Bridget (Madison Riley, Jamie Chung, and Ashley Loren). His current wife, Gloria (Joyce Van Patten), is 30 years his senior. Marcus (David Spade) is a slacker and lothario. All five friends regularly harass each other in comedic fashion throughout the film: Lenny for being rich, Eric for being overweight, Kurt for being skinny and useless, Rob for his continuous use of the joke Maize! and for having a much older wife, and Marcus for being sexually juvenile. The friends each find out that Buzzer has died, and reunite at their hometown with their families, a first in the three decades. Intending to pay tribute to Buzzer at a private funeral, Lenny rents the lake house for the 4th of July weekend for his friends to stay at. However, Roxanne has planned a fashion show in Milan, forcing Lenny to retreat. While at the lake house, he becomes annoyed at how his sons are playing video games instead of being outdoors, and pushes them to play outside along with his friend's children. At a local restaurant, Lenny talks to his old nemesis, Dickie (Colin Quinn), who is still bitter towards Lenny for an error in the match, where his shot shouldn't have counted since he allegedly had his foot on the outside line. With this, Dickie challenges Lenny and his friends to a rematch, but he declines when commenting on Dickie's health. The next day, Buzzer's ashes are spread in the woods while Rob becomes depressed, lamenting his failed marriages, and later warns the arrival of his three daughters from the previous marriages. After having to deal with Jasmine, he then relaxes with his friends partaking in fishing. After joking on Rob, the others elect to cheer him up with a game of arrow roulette. Rob wins by staying in the circle for the longest time, but the arrow severely impales his foot when it flies back down. Rob then snaps at Gloria for using a maize-covered poultice. That night, Lenny manages to get the kids interested in talking on cup-phones and Roxanne accidentally reveals herself to be the Tooth Fairy when Becky listens in. Now happy that they are enjoying a similar kind of young fun that he had, Lenny proceeds to install an extensive cup-phone network in the house. Roxanne settles on staying at the lake house over going to the fashion show. The friends decide to visit a water park, where Bean learns to drink milk out of a carton and Marcus repeatedly flirts with Jasmine and Amber, having bought them skimpy bikinis. The families cause mayhem throughout the park; Rob shoves a ride attendant down a water slide when the latter insults Bridget for being less attractive than her sisters; Eric ignores Donna's warning about a chemical in the kiddie pool that turns urine blue, and chaos results when the urine is revealed; the spouses spot and attempt to attract a muscleman, but he is laughed off due to his high-pitched Canadian accent; and at the zip line attraction, Lenny and the group meet Dickie again, accompanied by his own group of friends and former teammates, including Wiley (Steve Buscemi), who is severely injured after crashing into a shed while sliding down the zip line by his feet. Lenny teaches his son how to shoot a perfect shot during basketball, and the friends then end the night by sharing a dance with their spouses. The next day, Roxanne picks up Lenny's phone and confronts him on lying about canceling their flight trip before she agreed on staying. Eventually, everyone concedes into admitting their own truths about how they feel with their lives. On their final day at the lake house, Lenny accepts the rematch once and for all, and plays against their former opponents. At the game-deciding shot, Lenny purposely misses to allow Dickie's team to get a proper win. Before the end of the film, Marcus plays another game of arrow roulette, but with a larger crowd of people this time. Everyone fearfully takes off, and a still paralyzed Wiley gets his foot impaled by the arrow.
Shotgun Wedding	American	comedy	Danny Roew	While drunk, Robert (Mike Damus), the groom-to-be, 'accidentally' shoots the maid of honor of his fiance in the face during a skeet-shooting event, and his scheming mother does whatever needed to ensure the wedding will occur, even to conspire with her ex-husband or kidnap the maid of honor.[2]
Meet the Blacks	American	comedy	Deon Taylor	Carl Black and his family are getting out of Chicago. After having stolen a lot of money from a famed criminal drug king, Key Flo (Charlie Murphy), and believing that he will be imprisoned for the next five to six years, Carl Black (Mike Epps) leaves the hustling lifestyle behind for something better. Carl, his new wife Lorena (Zulay Henao), son Carl Jr. (Alex Henderson), daughter Allie Black (Bresha Webb) and cousin Cronut (Lil Duval) pack up and move to Beverly Hills. Turns out, Carl couldn't have picked a worse time to move. They arrive right around the time of the annual purge and all Carl's personal issues intertwine while all crime is legal for twelve hours.
Dirty Work	British	comedy	Tom Walls	A private detective is hired to protect expensive jewelry.[2]
Suyetchai MLA	Tamil	comedy	Guru Dhanapal	Nambirajan (Sathyaraj) and Visky (Goundamani) are best friends. Both of them are very helpful to MLA Arivudaiyan (Nassar) with all his work. Priya (Ammu), Nambirajan’s sister, loves Rakesh, a rich boy. Nambirajan and Rakesh's father Muthiah Pillai (Rajan P. Dev) prepare their engagement. In the function, Muthiah Pillai talks ill about Nambirajan’s poverty and insults him. Muthiah Pillai says he would wed his son with Nambirajan’s sister only when Nambirajan becomes a rich person. He also says he would wed his daughter (Abitha) to Nambirajan at that time. Nambirajan accepts this challenge. So he decides to stand in election as an individual party.
 D.E.B.S.	American	comedy	Angela Robinson	Four female students are about to graduate from a secret paramilitary academy known as D.E.B.S. (Discipline, Energy, Beauty, and Strength). The team consists of Max Brewer, who tends to draw her gun at the slightest provocation; Janet, who wishes for nothing but to earn her stripes as a true D.E.B.; the chain-smoking and promiscuous Dominique; and Amy Bradshaw, who is doubtful about being a spy, despite being an honor student at the academy. Amy has broken up with her boyfriend Bobby Matthews, a Homeland Security agent. Her personal life takes a back seat to the re-emergence of Lucy Diamond, a criminal mastermind who, by coincidence, is the subject of Amy's thesis. The D.E.B.S. are sent by the heads of D.E.B.S., Miss. Petrie and Mr. Phipps, to survey Lucy, expecting to witness criminal dealings, and unaware that Lucy has simply been set up on a blind date by her chief henchman and best friend, Scud to meet Russian assassin Ninotchka Kaprova. The date is a complete disaster, ending in a shootout where Lucy escapes in the chaos. As the D.E.B.S. follow her, they split up, with Amy eventually running into Lucy. Lucy attempts to charm Amy, who is surprised to learn Lucy is a lesbian, since none of the material she studied for her thesis reveals this, into lowering her gun and disappears the moment Amy's attention wavers. The team is reunited, and they praise Amy for being the only federal agent who has ever encountered Lucy and lived to tell about it. Later, Lucy returns to speak with Amy and coerces her into going out for a night of fun, roping Janet into the events to prevent being found. They end up at a club, where Janet ends up bonding with Scud while Lucy further charms Amy. The two learn more about each other, and as Lucy senses Amy's attraction, she leans in to kiss her, only to be interrupted by a shocked Janet. Lucy takes the two D.E.B.S. home. Janet is indignant, claiming that Amy is violating protocol, and is further troubled at learning Amy might not be straight. Amy blackmails her into silence by telling her that she can withhold her stripes if she tells anybody. The next day, Miss Petrie meets with Amy and promotes her to squad leader, effectively replacing Max. Max is furious, but must follow Amy as they respond to a bank heist orchestrated by Lucy. Amy and Max continue to bicker when responding to the bank heist, while unbeknownst to them, Lucy has only committed the crime in order to see Amy again. Amy finds Lucy, they kiss, and Lucy asks Amy to come with her. The other D.E.B.S. find a note spray-painted on the wall reading I have the girl, that leads them to assume Amy has been kidnapped, though Janet seems to know exactly what has happened. Miss Petrie organizes a nationwide manhunt to find Amy, while Janet desperately tries to keep Amy apprised of the situation by calling, though Amy never hears any of Janet's phone messages. Amy tells Lucy of her dreams of running off to Barcelona, but Lucy and Amy are seen by a jealous Ninotchka, and she anonymously tips the D.E.B.S. to their location. The D.E.B.S. catch the two women having sex, causing Max storm out in disgust, followed by Dominique, Bobby and Janet. Though Lucy tries to reassure her, Amy returns, mortified, to the D.E.B.S. in attempts to explain herself. Miss Petrie decides to exile her, but Max steps in with an alternative to save Amy's reputation and thus prevent the D.E.B.S. from looking foolish. Meanwhile, Lucy does everything she can to win Amy back, returning everything she has ever stolen, and with Scud's help, plans to crash the D.E.B.S. year-end dance, where Amy is to be made D.E.B. of the year. Lucy fights her way to the auditorium, and is just in time to hear Amy publicly give her speech about how awful it was to be Lucy's captive, but when Amy and Lucy meet eyes, Amy retracts her entire speech, and admits that the days she spent with Lucy were the best days of her life, before running offstage. She and Lucy find each other in a storage room very like the one in which they first met, and they share another long-awaited kiss. Max and the squad catch up to them, but Max reconciles herself with the fact that her best friend is in love. She lets them go and helps Amy and Lucy make their escape, later awarding Janet with her stripes. Lucy and Amy ride off into the night, heads on one another's shoulders.
Entertainment	Bollywood	comedy	Sajid-Farhad	The film starts with Akhil Lokande (Akshay Kumar) getting paid for doing an ad, where he gets into a fight, as he wasn't paid the full amount of money that they had promised. This continues with a few other ads, where Akhil constantly ends the fight when he gets a phone call, and says he has to go somewhere. He then arrives on a shoot where Sakshi (Tamannaah Bhatia) is shooting for her television series. After her shoot lets out, they go for a walk around the park, observing other couples. At the end of their walk, Akhil proposes to Saakshi. Akhil and Saakshi go to her father's (Mithun Chakraborty) house, where they are told that until Akhil becomes rich, he can't marry Saakshi. Akhil goes to his film-obsessed friend, Jugnu's (Krushna Abhishek) shop. He tells him that he is going to visit his father at the hospital because he has chest pain. However, his father (Darshan Jariwala), is actually acting and is dancing around with the nurse, only staying in the hospital because it has service like a 5-Star hotel. Akhil arrives just in time to hear and see this, and goes to beat up his father, when he reveals that Akhil is adopted and his real father wasn't ready for a child so his mother left, but was killed in a train crash. Luckily Akhil survived, and when the railway officers were giving one lakh rupees for the families who's even one member dies so he took akhil and made him his son. Then Akhil beats him up. He goes back to his house, and opens the chest that he never had before, which contains love letters from his real father, to his mother, and a locket with his father and mother's pictures. He discovers that his father is Pannalal Johri (Dalip Tahil) who is a billionaire in Bangkok. Right as he finds this, on the television comes news that Pannalal Johri is dead and his 3000 crore's will go to anyone who can prove that they are related to Pannalal Johri. He also meets Johri's lawyer Habibullah (Johnny Lever). After arriving at Johri mansion, his father's house at Bangkok, Akhil discovers that a dog named 'Entertainment' is the owner of Johri's property, and is actually Johri's pet dog. They try to kill Entertainment, by having Akhil become Entertainment's caretaker, but fail. Saakshi and her father surprise Akhil at the mansion, and discover that Entertainment is the heir, causing the father to declare that Saakshi will never marry Akhil. At this time 2 brothers, Karan (Prakash Raj) and Arjun (Sonu Sood), the 2nd cousins of Johri, escape jail. Karan and Arjun want to kill Akhil, because they figure that the dog will die in a couple of years anyway, and thus while Akhil is attempting to kill Entertainment, by drowning him under a thinly iced lake. Karan and Arjun hit the ground at the same time as Akhil causing him to nearly fall in, but Entertainment saves the former, and falls into the lake instead. After a lot of efforts Akhil fails to save Entertainment but suddenly he comes out of the water and they develop feelings for each other. Akhil realizes his mistake and learns that Entertainment is a good hearted and good dog so he becomes his friend and leaves the mansion. Karan and Arjun, citing that their lawyer knows the judge very well, inappropriately acquire the property from Entertainment. Akhil learns this news and returns. He vows that he'll get the property back for Entertainment. Akhil's strategy is to divide the two brothers and conquer. He manages to get a job as a servant at the mansion, now owned by Karan and Arjun. Akhil attempts to split the two brothers, first by introducing Saakshi who seduces the two brothers separately. However, the scheme fails as background music rejoices the two brothers. Akhil again attempts trying to split two brothers, this time by introducing a false impression of a ghost of Entertainment the dog. The two brothers quarrel and accuse each other of illegally disguising as Entertainment and they tricked the judges. Akhil's friends tape this conversation slyly, however, the CD drops accidentally and Karan and Arjun realize that all this was planned by Akhil. Entertainment runs with the CD. Karan, Arjun and their gang chase the dog, Akhil, and his friends. Akhil manages to beat them all. Later, Karan shoots Akhil, but Entertainment takes the bullet by jumping in front of Akhil. Akhil gets angry and beats up Karan black and blue. Entertainment is taken to the hospital but unable to get saved, Akhil in a fit of anger he punches him but at this process he had saved him. Karan and Arjun come to apologize to Entertainment, who forgives them. Saakshi's father gets Akhil and Saakshi married while Entertainment also marries a female dog in the same ceremony. This film ends when it shows that Akhil and Saakshi live a life with Entertainment and his wife (the female dog) and finally at the end it shows the social message Love your pets and they will entertain you all your life.
Mooru Guttu Ondu Sullu Ondu Nija	Kannada	comedy	Dinesh Babu	This is a less expensive comedy movies with the overall movie being shot in a single house. The movie starts with the family having four children with komal as eldest son and three girls. The overall movie is drama taking place in house in one day. The parents are scheduled to a one-day trip to Tirupati. The children knowing about it the elder three children inform their lovers to come to their home.[citation needed] But the comedy starts when their aunt comes to sleep in their home. The lovers are supposed to hide in their rooms so that they don't fall in eyes of other siblings and aunt. After sometime the appu (Ramesh Aravind) arrives with some relational links and sleeps in their home. He visits each of the children's room and the interesting is to watch how each of them hide their lovers in their home. Finally, when next day when parents arrive various truth are brought in front of them with some feelings.[citation needed]
Price Check	American	comedy	Michael Walker	Pete Cozy (Eric Mabius) has found himself a house in the suburbs and a job in the pricing department of a middling supermarket chain. Pete's job allows him to spend quality time with his wife (Annie Parisse) and young son and, despite the fact that they are drowning in debts, they appear happy. Everything changes when Pete gets a new boss, the beautiful, high-powered, fast talking Susan Felders (Parker Posey). With Susan's influence, Pete finds himself on the executive track, something that both surprises and excites him. The more his salary increases, the more he has to perform at work… and the less time he gets to spend with his family. At the same time, his relationship with his boss begins to cross the line of professional etiquette. Both become enamored with one another – creating tension in the workplace and in his personal home life.
A Piece of Cake	British	comedy	John Irwin	Set in the austere post–World War II British world of rationing, Cyril dreams up an ode to an imaginary character named Merlin Mound who can provide anything one can wish. Merlin becomes real and grants his host's wishes; not by conjuring the items out of thin air, but depriving them from other people's ownership, which leads to trouble.
Sailor Beware!	British	comedy	Gordon Parry	Royal Navy sailor Albert Tufnell is to marry Shirley Hornett the next day. He and his best man, fellow sailor Carnoustie Bligh, travel to the Hornett household. However, Albert begins to have second thoughts when he spends the day with her family. He has no problem with her father Henry or with meek spinster aunt Edie, but her domineering mother Emma is another matter entirely. (Meanwhile, Carnoustie and Shirley's beautiful cousin Daphne Pink are attracted to each other.) When Albert announces that he and Carnoustie are going to see their pals that night, Emma objects strenuously, as does Shirley, but they go anyway. Later, Emma sends Henry to fetch them, but it is they who have to bring back a thoroughly drunk Henry. Edie lets slip plans for the couple to live in a house three doors away, plans made without consulting the bridegroom. Albert gives Shirley a chance to inform him, but she does not do so, which concerns him. The day of the wedding, Albert does not appear at the church, so the Hornetts go home. Then Albert shows up, as does the Reverend Purefoy, who was to preside over the ceremony. Albert states that he loves Shirley and wants to marry her. However, he has his doubts. Mr. Purefoy asks to speak to the couple privately. Everyone else leaves the room (but eavesdrops). Albert then explains that the unhappy example of her family life and the unilateral decision about where they were to live have made him hesitate. Henry comes in and surprisingly states that his wife has actually taken good care of him, and that he is fond of her. Upon hearing that, Emma breaks down and weeps; she tells Purefoy she wants to change her ways. Albert marries Shirley, but after they leave, Emma finds it hard to break old habits.
Again Kasargod Khader Bhai	Malayalam	comedy	Thulasidas	The artists of Kaladarshana, led by Unni (Jagadish) reunites to celebrate the sixtieth birthday of founder Fr. Tharakkandam (Innocent). There they get an invitation to perform a Mimics programme at Viyyoor central jail. Kasargod Khader Bhai's son Kasim Bhai is currently in the same jail and he has vengeance on Kaladarshana troop who were behind his arrest. He attacks them during the programme. The next day Kasim Bhai is found murdered. The suspicion falls on the Kaladarshana team. The unfolding of the murder mystery forms the rest of the story.
Cheap Thrills (film)	American	comedy	E. L. Katz	Craig (Pat Healy) is an auto mechanic who loses his job. He is unable to pay his rent and after seeing the eviction sign, he goes to a dive bar, where he meets an old friend from high school, Vince (Ethan Embry). After their reunion, they meet a rich couple, Colin and Violet (David Koechner and Sara Paxton), who appear friendly and benign initially, and after becoming aware of Craig's dire financial situation, offer them money in return for completing certain tasks to entertain Violet, as it is her birthday. As the first task, Colin offers fifty dollars to whoever between Craig and Vince can drink a shot he pours first. From there, the danger of the tasks escalates along with the payout. The dares result in a bouncer confronting Craig, who is offered five hundred dollars by Colin to hit him first. He does so and is knocked out. When he comes to, he realizes he been brought to the home of Colin and Violet. Tensions between Craig and Vince begin to emerge when they compete with each other in a breath-holding contest and Vince punches Craig in the stomach to prevent him from winning so that he may claim the prize money himself. Another dare between Colin and Vince involves Vince urinating on Craig's shoes. When Craig angrily goes to clean up in the bathroom, Vince accompanies him and they hatch a plan to rob the couple. Vince divulges that there is $250,000, which he instructs Craig to steal. At knife-point, Vince manages to get Colin to reveal that the safe is unlocked. Craig retrieves the money and returns only to have Colin and Violet turn the tables on them when they disarm Vince. Colin and Violet agree to let bygones be bygones if Craig and Vince promise to behave, and still allow them to take all of the money, if they continue to play. Another dare involves Craig having sex with Violet as well as getting $4,500, the amount required to pay for Craig's month's rent. This angers Vince, who views it as an unfair bet, increasing hostilities between the two friends. Humiliated and feeling guilty for cheating on his wife, Craig withdraws from the game and goes home, having earned enough money to delay homelessness for the time being. Violet, who seems to have begun to develop feelings for him, is upset and becomes withdrawn, causing the game to end, as its purpose was to entertain her. Vince, desperate to win some more money, offers to perform anything asked of him. Colin suggests the amputation of his pinkie finger for $25,000. Just as Vince is about to accept, Craig returns to the game, stating that he only temporarily solves his problem with the $4,500 he has earned so far, and offers to the do the same dare for a smaller sum. Vince also goes lower, and they go back and forth until Craig settles for $15,000. Vince cuts Craig's pinkie off, resulting in Craig winning again, which only serves to anger Vince further. The next challenge involves eating a cooked dead dog, (which had died while trying to eat Craig's finger), with the winner who finishes his portion first receiving $50,000. The contest results in a draw, a tiebreaker and the money will be given to whoever eats Craig's finger, Craig wins but he then gets beaten up by an enraged Vince. After being taken outside to calm down by Colin, he suggests that Vince kill Craig for the remaining portion of the $250,000. Vince considers the offer but finds himself unable to kill his friend, he suggests he and Craig leave but is suddenly shot to death by Craig. Colin calls Craig a taxi and he leaves with his winnings in hand, after he has left, Colin pays Violet her money, (the two had made a bet on which friend would kill the other; Colin chose Vince with Violet choosing Craig.) The film ends with Craig arriving home, comforting his child, suddenly the light turns on and his wife appears, staring at Craig covered in blood and at the money strewn all over the room.
The Cavalier of the Streets	British	comedy	Harold French	In this courtroom drama, barrister Sir John Avalon's (James Craven) wife Fay (Margaret Vyner) is accused of murdering her husband. Will her husband's partner, the Cavalier (Patrick Barr), who is blackmailing her, confess to killing him in time to save her life?
Girl Most Likely	American	comedy	Shari Springer Berman and Robert Pulcini	Imogene Duncan (Kristen Wiig) was once a promising playwright who now works in a low-paying magazine job in New York City. After her affluent boyfriend leaves her and she is fired from her magazine gig, she stages a suicide attempt in an effort to get her ex's attention and is accidentally discovered by her friend Dara. Held in the hospital on a 5150 (involuntary psychiatric hold), she is eventually released into her estranged mother's (Annette Bening) care where she is taken to her childhood home in New Jersey. Shortly after returning she hears a conversation between her mother and her new boyfriend, George Bousche, and learns that her father never died, but instead left the family to pursue a PhD. After learning that her father wrote a book, she goes to the local library and steals it. She discovers from the back cover that he lives in New York City and convinces her mother's boarder, Lee (Darren Criss), to take her there, but is forced to return after she is barred access from her apartment and her friend, Dara, refuses to let her stay in her home. To pay Lee back for driving her to the city, Imogene goes to see him perform in his Backstreet Boys tribute band. Afterwards they talk about Imogene's failed career as a playwright. Years ago, after she won a prestigious grant, Imogene failed to write an actual play and now believes she cannot write. Lee accidentally discovered her old plays while living in her room and believes she is talented and should attempt to write again. They sleep together and the following morning she, Lee and her brother, Ralph, head back to the city to go to Dara's book launch party. The launch goes poorly as no one is particularly happy to see her. Her brother Ralph is nearly arrested and is brought to the party by the police. After they leave the party, Ralph takes them to their father's house where Ralph reveals that he knew his father was alive the entire time. Imogene and Ralph have dinner with their wealthy father and his new wife where he expresses no regret over his decision to leave them. After their father offers Imogene money to help fix her life she leaves him and returns home to her mother. After Imogene and her mother discuss her father an assassin arrives looking for Bousche and threatens to kill the family. He is prevented from doing so by Imogene, who dons her brother's human exo-skeleton suit and attacks him. Ultimately Imogene writes a play based on her experiences called Exo-life starring Julia Stiles, which receives a standing ovation.
Venkata in Sankata	Kannada	comedy	Ramesh Arvind	The film is all about a traffic constable Venkata (Ramesh) who dreams big to become a commissioner. Situations provoke him to become a target for all the troubles that happen around him. Later he is sent as an undercover cop to a college. His duty is to bust the terrorist who are stealing the chemicals from that college to prepare bombs. How he comes out of the trouble and reaches his aim forms the rest of the plot told in a hilarious manner.
Remodeling Her Husband	American	comedy	D.W. Griffith	As described in film publications,[2][3] Janie (Gish) gets married with the goal of reforming her husband Jack (Rennie), but he still has the eyes for other women. He promises to reform, but says he is ashamed because she lacks the style of a flapper. All goes well until he meets a pretty woman with a heavy suitcase. He helps her into a taxi cab and takes her home. Janie sees him as she rides by on a bus. That affair gets him into wrong, but he manages to square it with his wife. Then a good looking manicure girl comes into his life, and again Jack falls. Once again Janie is on the job at the psychological moment. This time she leaves him in haste and goes home to her mother. Janie tries to forget Jack by taking a job in her father's office. Jack, who loves her sincerely, is filled with remorse and despair. He calls upon her to beg her forgiveness and, since she still loves him, she yields. But when he attempts to lay down the law to her, she presses a button on her desk and he finds himself being escorted from the office. He threatens suicide, and this is too much for Janie. She comes back to him and they live together happily.
Tillie's Punctured Romance	American	comedy	Mack Sennett	Charles Chaplin portrays a womanizing city man who meets Tillie (Marie Dressler) in the country after a fight with his girlfriend (Mabel Normand). When he sees that Tillie's father (Mack Swain) has a very large bankroll for his workers, he persuades her to elope with him. In the city, he meets the woman he was seeing already, and tries to work around the complication to steal Tillie's money. He gets Tillie drunk in a restaurant and asks her to let him hold the pocketbook. Since she is drunk, she agrees, and he escapes with his old girlfriend and the money. Later that day, they see a picture show entitled A Thief's Fate, which illustrates their thievery in the form of a morality play. They both feel guilty and leave the theater. While sitting on a park bench, a paperboy (Gordon Griffith) asks him to buy a newspaper. He does so, and reads the story about Tillie's Uncle Banks (Charles Bennett), a millionaire who died while on a mountain-climbing expedition. Tillie is named sole heir and inherits three million dollars. The man leaves his girlfriend on the park bench and runs to the restaurant, where Tillie is now forced to work to support herself as she is too embarrassed to go home. He begs her to take him back and although she is skeptical at first, she believes that he truly loves her and they marry. They move into the uncle's mansion and throw a big party, which ends horribly when Tillie finds her husband with his old girlfriend, smuggled into the house and working as one of their maids. The uncle is found on a mountaintop, alive after all. He goes back to his mansion, in disarray after Tillie instigated a gunfight (a direct result of the husband smuggling the old girlfriend into the house) which, luckily, did not harm anyone. Uncle Banks insists that Tillie be arrested for the damage she has caused to his house. The three run from the cops all the way to a dock, where a car bumps Tillie into the water. She flails about, hoping to be rescued. She is eventually pulled to safety, and both Tillie and the man's girlfriend realize that they are too good for him. He leaves, and the two girls become friends.
Love, Loot and Crash	American	comedy	Mack Sennett	Dora and her father are lost in the kitchen (they have just fired their cook). An ad for new one in the newspaper attracts two crooks (one of which is Fritz Schade). He dresses like a woman to apply for the job. At his first opportunity he plans to loot the house, but just then, a cop on the beat stops in for coffee. Fritz locks the cop in the basement, picks up what things of value he can and escapes. He and his pal drive off in a Model T. Along the way Dora is kidnapped, the Keystone Cops give chase and all ends well in the end.
The Ghost Goes West	British	comedy	René Clair	Peggy Martin (Parker), the daughter of a rich American businessman (Eugene Pallette), persuades him to purchase a Scottish castle from Donald Glourie (Robert Donat), dismantle it and move it to Florida. Along with the castle goes its ghost. Murdoch Glourie (also played by Donat) haunts the castle after dying a coward's death in the 18th century. To find rest, he must get a descendant of the enemy Clan MacClaggan to admit that one Glourie is worth fifty MacClaggans.
Unfinished Business	Australian	comedy	Bob Ellis	Geoff, a journalist in his mid 40s, returns to Australia from 15 years abroad, leaving behind him in the US a failed marriage and three children. He meets Maureen, the girl he was in love with when he left Australia. She is married to an older man, George, who she loves but have no children. Maureen - who once fell pregnant but had an abortion - tells Geoff her husband is sterile and asks for him to impregnate her. A year later, Geoff meets Maureen and her baby.
Inside Out	American	comedy	Pete Docter	Riley Andersen is born in Minnesota. Within her mind's Headquarters, five personifications of her basic emotions — Joy, Sadness, Fear, Disgust, and Anger — come to life and influence her actions via a control console. As she grows up, her experiences become memories, stored in colored orbs, which are sent into long-term memory each night. Her five most important core memories (all happy ones) are housed in a hub; each powers an aspect of her personality which takes the form of floating islands. Joy acts as a de facto leader, and since she and the other emotions do not understand Sadness' purpose, she tries to keep Sadness away from the console. At the age of 11, Riley and her parents move to San Francisco for her father's new business. Riley has poor first experiences: the new house is cramped and old, the moving van with their belongings is misdirected, and her father is under stress from his business. When Sadness begins touching Riley's happy memories, turning them sad, Joy tries to guard them by isolating her. On Riley's first day at her new school, Sadness accidentally causes Riley to cry in front of her class, creating a sad core memory. Joy, panicking, tries to dispose of it, but accidentally knocks the other core memories loose during a struggle with Sadness, deactivating the personality islands. Joy, Sadness, and the core memories are sucked out of Headquarters and taken to the maze-like storage area of long-term memory. Anger, Fear, and Disgust try to maintain Riley's happiness in Joy's absence with disastrous results, distancing her from her parents, friends, and hobbies. As a result, her personality islands gradually crumble and fall, one by one, into the Memory Dump, an abyss where memories are forgotten. Finally, Anger inserts an idea into the console, prompting Riley to run away to Minnesota. While navigating through the long-term memory region, Joy and Sadness encounter Bing Bong, Riley's childhood imaginary friend, who suggests riding the train of thought back to Headquarters. En route to the train station, Bing Bong tearfully watches his rainbow wagon rocket being thrown into the memory dump along with other unused childish artifacts. The three eventually catch the train, but it halts when Riley falls asleep, then derails entirely when Honesty Island collapses due to Riley's theft of her mother's credit card. In desperation, Joy abandons Sadness and tries to ride a recall tube back to Headquarters, but the ground below the tube collapses, breaking it and plunging Joy and Bing Bong into the Memory Dump. At the bottom of the abyss, Joy begins to lose hope and breaks into tears, but has an epiphany when she discovers a sad memory of an ice hockey game that turned happy when Riley's parents and friends comforted her. Joy realizes that Sadness serves an important purpose: to induce empathy in others, prompting them to reach out to Riley when she is emotionally overwhelmed and needs help. Joy and Bing Bong try to use the wagon rocket to escape the Memory Dump. After several tries, Bing Bong, who is already fading away, jumps out to allow Joy to escape and is forgotten. Joy reunites with a despondent Sadness and takes them to Headquarters, only to discover that Anger's idea has disabled the console, rendering Riley apathetic. To the surprise of the others, Joy hands control of the console to Sadness, who is able to extract the idea, reactivating the console and prompting Riley to return home. As Sadness re-installs the core memories, turning them sad, Riley arrives home to her parents and tearfully confesses that she misses Minnesota and her old life. Her parents comfort her and admit they, too, miss Minnesota as much as she does. Joy and Sadness work the console together, creating a new amalgamated bitter-sweet core memory in Riley's Headquarters; a new island forms, representing Riley's acceptance of her new life in San Francisco. A year later at the age of 12, Riley has adapted to her new home, made new friends, and returned to her old hobbies while adopting a few new ones. Inside the Headquarters, her emotions all work together on a newly expanded console with room for them all.
Jack of All Trades	British	comedy	Robert Stevenson	Jack, out of work and responsible for an aged mother, takes a succession of jobs, bluffing his way through them all.[3]
The Deciding Kiss	American	comedy	Tod Browning	As described in a film magazine,[3] Eleanor Hamlin (Roberts), who has been living with an old and impoverished couple, is adopted by two couples, Mr. and Mrs. Sears and Beulah Page (Greenwood) and Peter Bolling (Unterkircher), young people who have read of cooperative parenting and wish to try out the theory. It works very well until Jimmy Sears (Cooley) loses control of himself under the spell of his adopted daughter's kisses. This passes, however, but then Peter falls in love with her. Beulah then tells Eleanor that she is engaged to Peter, and the heart-broken little girl goes back home. After an exhaustive search, Peter fails to find her, and he and Beulah complete their engagement. Eleanor returns, sees the true state of things, and asks God to let her be always their little girl.
Old Spanish Customers	British	comedy	Lupino Lane	British couple Bill and Martha (Leslie Fuller and Drusilla Wills) win a trip to Spain and enjoy a series of adventures, with henpecked Bill mistaken for a famous toreador and ending up in a bullfight.
A King in New York	British	comedy	Charlie Chaplin	One of the minor annoyances in modern life is a revolution. Due to a revolution in his country Estrovia, King Igor Shadov (Charlie Chaplin) comes to New York City with almost no money, his securities having been stolen by his own Prime Minister. He tries to contact the Atomic Energy Commission with his ideas for using atomic power to create a utopia. At a dinner party, some of which is televised live (unbeknown to him), he reveals he has had some experience in the theater. He's approached to do TV commercials but does not like the idea. Later, he does make a few commercials in order to get some money. Invited to speak at a progressive school, he meets Rupert Macabee (Michael Chaplin), editor of the school paper, a ten-year-old historian who gives him a stern anarchist lecture. Although Rupert himself says he distrusts all forms of government, his parents are communists who are jailed for not giving up names at a Joseph McCarthy-type hearing. Because young Rupert had spent time with him, Shadov is suspected of being a communist himself, and has to face one of the hearings. He is cleared of all charges, but not before a scene in which Shadov accidentally directs a strong stream of water from a fire hose at the members of the House Committee on Un-American Activities (HUAC), who scatter in panic. He decides to join his estranged queen in Paris for a reconciliation. In the meantime, the authorities force the child to reveal the names of his parents' friends in exchange for his parents' freedom. Grieving and guilt-ridden, Rupert is presented to King Shadov as a patriot. Shadov reassures him that the anti-communist scare is a lot of nonsense which will be over soon, and invites him to come to Europe with his parents for a visit. In addition to its condemnation of HUAC's methods, the film takes witty potshots at American commercialism, popular music, celebrity culture, and film. A dinner party scene includes a number of satirical portrayals of actors and public figures of the period, including Sophie Tucker.
The Constant Husband	British	comedy	Sidney Gilliat	A man (Rex Harrison) wakes up in a hotel room in Wales, suffering from amnesia. He has no recollection of who he is or where he comes from. With the help of mental specialist Doctor Llewellyn (Cecil Parker), he manages to trace himself back to his wife and home in London, but soon discovers that she is just one of his many wives in his many homes all over the country.
Guess Who	American	comedy	Kevin Rodney Sullivan	Theresa Jones (Zoe Saldana) takes her boyfriend, Simon Green (Ashton Kutcher) home to meet her parents on the occasion of her parents' 25th wedding anniversary, planning to reveal that they are engaged. However, what Theresa has also left out is that Simon is white. Her father, Percy (Bernie Mac), dislikes Simon almost immediately because of his race. Wishing to impress Percy, Simon lies to him about being a NASCAR pit driver for Jeff Gordon, not realizing that Percy is one of his biggest fans. After catching Theresa and Simon in a compromising position, Percy tries to force Simon into a hotel, but all the hotels in town are booked. Instead, he allows Simon to sleep in his basement on the couch, where Percy also sleeps. With the help of his personal assistant Reggie (Ronreaco Lee), Percy tries to dig up as much dirt on Simon as he can as well as creating the ideal black boyfriend for Theresa instead of revealing her boyfriend is white. He manages to get Simon to reveal that he lied about being a NASCAR driver and also that he needs a $50,000 loan. Simon discovers Percy's lies just as Reggie reveals that Simon quit his job. Immediately, Percy goes to tell his daughter this new information, however Simon claims he wasn't fired and instead quit. Angry that he didn't tell her the truth, Theresa leaves while Percy's snooping and plagiarism of his vows temporarily strains his relationship with his wife, Marilyn (Judith Scott). The next morning Percy and Simon find the women to apologize, but while Marilyn and Percy reconcile, Simon and Theresa break up and he leaves. On the day of his anniversary, Theresa tells her father that she and Simon were going to get married. After wondering why a man planning to get married would quit his job, Percy realizes that Simon quit his job due to his boss' disapproval of interracial relationships. Percy goes after Simon and brings him back to Theresa where they get back together, then the festivities begin.
Ask Father	American	comedy	Hal Roach	Lloyd is a serious young middle-class guy on the make, who wants to marry the boss’ daughter. The problem is getting in to see the boss so that he can ask for her hand in marriage; the office is guarded by a bunch of comic, clumsy flunkies who throw everyone out who tries to get in. When Lloyd gets into the boss’ office, the latter uses trap doors and conveyor belts to expel him; Lloyd then goes to the costume company next door, tries to get in wearing drag (no success), and then in medieval armor – that works, since he bangs everyone over the head with his club, but then he finds out that the daughter has eloped with another suitor. Lloyd decides to be sensible and he settles for the cute switchboard operator (Daniels) instead. The film includes a brief wall climbing sequence. Light-hearted, short, fast-paced.
Double Di Trouble	Punjabi	comedy	Smeep Kang	The film is based on The Comedy of Errors, where Shakespeare's well known play would take a desi avatar when a father-son pair discovers their mirror images in a different city.
Dirty Love	American	comedy	John Mallory Asher	Struggling photographer Rebecca Sommers finds her model boyfriend Richard in bed with another woman. He also destroys all of her camera equipment. Her life falls apart, and she alternates between desire for revenge upon him, sexual promiscuity and abandonment of all hope of love. Her best friends, Michelle and Carrie, try to set her up on dates. These include one with a freakish magician and another with a man who gives her ecstasy and has a fetish for fish. She attempts to make Richard jealous by taking a director, who is reminiscent of Woody Allen, to a runway show, but he ends up vomiting on her breasts in front of everyone. Ultimately, Rebecca realizes she should focus her energy on being with someone who truly loves her, and that turns out to be John, her nerdy but caring best male friend who has been supportive of her through the entire ordeal.
Bhaiyya Bhaiyya	Malayalam	comedy	Johny Antony	The film begins with the mischievous childhood of Babumon and Babulal Chatterji. Then it progresses to their mischievous adulthood. They run into some troubles with Monayi and Varki, who are the brother and father of Angel, Babu's love interest, and their right hand Manikandan. When a Bengali worker falls prey to a trap laid by Manikandan to kill Babu, it turns out to be a life changer. While taking the body back to Kolkata, Babu and Angel elope in the ambulance to register their marriage there. Chaterji takes up the driving, and Shanthi who is Babulal's love interest is also there and Soman to see Bengal. The troubles they land in and how they resolve it to successfully lead a married life forms the rest of the film.
Just Gammat	Marathi	comedy	Milind Arun	The Plot revolves around two husbands planning to kill their wives which results in a huge comedy of errors.
A Cup of Kindness	British	comedy	Tom Walls	The son and daughter of two feuding families announce they are getting married to widespread uproar.
Sata Lota Pan Sagla Khota	Marathi	comedy	Shrabani Deodhar	Jay (Adinath Kothare) is an orphan raised by and is financially supported by his Uncle Satyavan Makarand Anaspure. Satyavan lives in Dubai with his secretary (Pushkar Shotri). Satyavan sends Jay a monthly allowance to cover his expenses. Jay has friends called Veeru (Siddharth Chandekar) and Vasanti (Mrunmayee Deshpande) are buddies who are fun loving people with no worries about the future, they will do anything for money and have a good life. Veeru’s father own a scrap business and wanted his son to start taking control of it but Veeru has personal terms. Jay has girlfriend named Isha (Pooja Sawant). Isha is very rich. Along with Veeru and Vasati, Jay and Isha live their lives happyly and without worries until the day Jay realises his Uncle has stopped his allowance. The group creates a plan to make his uncle to support him once again and the confusion it creates forms the crux of story.
Kusthi	Tamil	comedy	Raj Kapoor	The movie begins with Jeeva (Prabhu), running away from his village to Chennai fearing a possible marriage with the daughter of a local chieftain (Radharavi), arranged by his father. He joins his old-friend Velu (Vadivelu), who runs an eatery in the city. Meanwhile, he saves a youth (Mahandahi Shankar), a henchman of a local goon Singam (Karthick) from some gangsters. Thus he gets the acquaintance of Singam. Meanwhile Singam come across Abi (Flora), a research scholar and Jeeva meets Divya (Manya). Both fall in love with them. Enters another goon (Raj Kapoor), who leaves his stolen money with Singam. He runs behind Singam to get the money back. Meanwhile Radharavi and his men come down to Chennai in search of Jeeva. Following a mishap, Jeeva admits Singam and an old woman Lakshmi (Latha) in a hospital. Mistaking Jeeva to be their missing grandson, Vijayakumar (father of Latha) and his relatives take him to Ooty. Fearing the Nattamai, Jeeva decides to go to Ooty and acts as their grandson. Comes Singam with a plan to murder Vijayakumar. However he manages to win the heart of the family members and they arrange for Jeeva and Singam's wedding with Vijayakumar's grand daughters Abi and Divya. Raj Kapoor and Radharavi enter the scene and all confusion begins. The rest is all but how both Jeeva and Singam succeed in walking away with Abi and Divya.
Hamlet 2	American	comedy	Andrew Fleming	Dana Marschz is a recovering alcoholic and failed actor who has become a high school drama teacher in Tucson, Arizona, where dreams go to die. Despite considering himself an inspirational figure, he only has two enthusiastic students, Rand Posin and Epiphany Sellars, and a history of producing poorly received school plays that are essentially stage adaptations of popular Hollywood films (his latest being Erin Brockovich). When the new term begins, a new intake of students are forced to transfer into his class as it is the only remaining arts elective available due to budget cutbacks; they are generally unenthusiastic and unconvinced by Dana’s pretensions, and Dana comes into conflict with Octavio, one of the new students. Dana is floored when Principal Rocker notifies him that the drama program is to be shut down at the end of the term. Seeking to inspire his students, Dana undertakes to write and produce an original play: a sequel to Hamlet featuring time travel to avoid the deaths of the characters, and new, more controversial content, including the introduction of Jesus Christ as one of the characters, complete with a song-and-dance number titled Rock Me Sexy Jesus. The kids gradually warm to the project, but Rand – cast as a bi-curious Laertes and overshadowed by Octavio as Hamlet – storms out of the drama group and provides a copy of the play’s script to Principal Rocker, who orders Dana to stop the controversial production. Dana is further traumatized when his wife Brie leaves him for the uninteresting, but fertile, boarder Gary they had taken into their home to supplement their modest income, and reveals that he himself is infertile. Despondent, Dana falls off the wagon and tries to abandon the project, but his students encourage him to continue, arranging an abandoned warehouse and rave spot, technical assistance, and security being provided by the high school's football and wrestling teams. Dana also learns that the cancellation of the play has become a civil liberties issue encouraged by fanatical ACLU activist Cricket Feldstein. As a result, the play opens to a sold-out house, including a critic from The New York Times. Rand returns to the group, apologizing for his desertion; Dana allows him to return to the role of Laertes. The play itself initially meets with a mixed reception, due to its controversial content and mangling of the original play; in keeping with a running joke throughout the movie, much of the content revolves around the characters using time travel to mend their troubled relationships with their fathers; it ends with both Hamlet and Jesus forgiving their fathers for the wrongs done to them. Although initially reluctant to engage with the play, with several protesters infiltrating the audience to stage a direct protest, the play gradually wins the audience over. The film ends with Dana and his favorite actress, Elisabeth Shue – whom he is now dating – meeting Dana’s students to prepare for the show's Broadway opening, complete with original cast.
White Chicks	American	comedy	Keenen Ivory Wayans	The plot begins in a convenience store where two FBI agent brothers who are posing as Cuban clerks, Kevin and Marcus Copeland (Shawn Wayans and Marlon Wayans), try to capture members of an organization that sells drugs inside ice cream boxes. Unfortunately, the first arrival turns out to be a genuine ice cream delivery, and the actual drug dealers manage to get away. The situation is worsened by the fact that Kevin and Marcus have decided to resolve this bust by themselves. The FBI supervisor, Elliott Gordon (Frankie Faison), gives the two agents a last chance to remain in the FBI by giving them the duty of protecting the mega-rich billionaire cruise line heiresses Brittany and Tiffany Wilson (Maitland Ward and Anne Dudek), who are arriving in town for Labor Day Weekend in the Hamptons, from a kidnapping plot (known as the socialite kidnappings). When the Wilson sisters get minor facial cuts in a car accident, Kevin convinces them to stay in the hotel all weekend. Kevin and Marcus then disguise themselves as the Wilson sisters in order to save their jobs. At the Hamptons hotel, Kevin and Marcus (as Brittany and Tiffany) meet Brittany and Tiffany's three best friends, Karen (Busy Philipps), Tori (Jessica Cauffiel), and Lisa (Jennifer Carpenter), and their rivals the Vandergeld sisters, Megan (Brittany Daniel) and Heather (Jaime King). They also encounter Karen's love interest, Heath, a broke and jobless actor who happens to be Heather's boyfriend. Kevin shows an interest in the news reporter Denise Porter (Rochelle Aytes) from New York 1 and makes an attempt to woo her, forgetting that he is still in disguise as a woman. Marcus' wife Gina (Faune Chambers), whose relationship is already troubled, becomes an additional complicating factor as she gets suspicious when she hears a woman's voice in the background during a phone conversation with Marcus. The woman (a sales assistant) is actually just trying to help Marcus get dressed in some very tight clothes, but Gina misinterprets them talking and assumes that Marcus is having an affair. Meanwhile, pro basketball player Latrell Spencer (Terry Crews) takes an interest in Marcus, thinking that he is Tiffany and white. A date with Marcus/Tiffany is then auctioned off to Latrell during a charity dinner, much to Marcus' fear and Heather's jealousy. At the same time, Kevin learns of Denise's desire to be wooed by a wealthy man as opposed to the men she usually sees and uses Latrell/Marcus' date to steal Latrell's Aston Martin DB7 and house keys to take Denise on a date while pretending to be Latrell. When Kevin and Denise arrive at Latrell's house, Kevin gets mauled by Latrell's Rottweiler until he manages to trap the dog in a coat closet. As Kevin and Denise get close, he manages to gain some information relevant to the case of Ted Burton (the suspect they're after). Meanwhile, Marcus makes many attempts to repulse Latrell on their date while brushing off his many advances such as eating uncontrollably, chewing off a hangnail on his toe and farting. His attempts fail to do anything but amuse and further endear “Tiffany” to Latrell. Elsewhere, FBI agents Gomez and Harper investigate Marcus and Kevin's hotel room due to suspicion. In their search, they find the Wilson Sisters masks and conclude that they are Marcus and Kevin in disguise. At a nightclub, Latrell attempts to roofie Marcus in hopes of having sex only to be tricked into taking it himself and ends up in bed with Heath's friend, Russ (Steven Grayhm). Marcus and Kevin beat Heather and Megan in a dance-off hoping to help Karen win Heath only to have Heather drag him off. Karen is seen vomiting in the bathroom, drunk and unintentionally slips to Marcus and Kevin that Warren Vangergeld (John Heard) is penniless, and has only recently paid Karen's own father back for loans he has lent him. The next day, the real Brittany and Tiffany see their faces in a magazine, and they realize that two people are impersonating them. Gina and her friend, Shaunice (Drew Sidora), see Kevin as Brittany while visiting Marcus and believes that Marcus is cheating on her and leaves him in disbelief and hurt. The Wilson sisters go to the hotel their clones were seen at where agents Gomez and Harper undress them and pull at their faces and their hair, thinking they are Marcus and Kevin, only to find out that they're the real Wilson sisters and lose their jobs. This leads to the chief finding out that Marcus and Kevin have been impersonating Brittany and Tiffany. Because of this, the chief fires the both of them. Later on, Kevin and Marcus then realize that Mr. Vandergeld has been behind the kidnappings, using the ransom money to keep his family in their luxurious lifestyle. Their attempts to notify their chief fall on deaf ears and so they pursue the case themselves. At the fashion show, Kevin and Marcus replace the Vandergeld sisters on the catwalk which angers them and attempt to humiliate the Wilson sisters. Marcus stands up for Karen after she tells Heath she's tired of waiting for him and he callously brushes her off. After the Vandergeld sisters are foiled by the trio and humiliated off the catwalk, Marcus and Kevin are exposed by the real Wilson sisters, at which point Warren Vandergeld attempts to kidnap the Wilson sisters. He temporarily manages to capture one of the real twins and Kevin, only to have his criminal activities and bankruptcy exposed. In the ensuing fight, Kevin is shot trying to protect Denise, and Latrell is shot trying to protect Marcus. The duo successfully captures Vandergeld along with Heath and Russ (with the help of Gomez and Harper) before his plan succeeded which gets them their jobs back. While thanking Latrell, Marcus peels his mask off, revealing that he is actually a black man. While Latrell is upset that Marcus is a man, his primary anger stems from the fact that Marcus is black, not that he is a man. Marcus apologizes to Gina for constantly putting work before love, and the two make up, much to Shaunice's chagrin. Denise falls for Kevin after he saves her from a bullet shot by Vandergeld when she caught his secret on film. The movie ends with Tori, Lisa, and Karen admitting they liked Brittany and Tiffany a lot more when it was Marcus and Kevin, and the five agree to remain friends, promising to go shopping.
Bachelorette	American	comedy	Leslye Headland	The film opens with Regan (Kirsten Dunst), a miserable careerist in her early thirties, having lunch with her longtime friend, Becky (Rebel Wilson), who reveals that she's getting married to her boyfriend, Dale. Although secretly jealous and embittered by the fact that her fat friend is now engaged, Regan notifies their two other friends, the sardonic cocaine addict Gena (Lizzy Caplan) and the rowdy party girl Katie (Isla Fisher). Six months later, the women are preparing for Becky's impromptu bachelorette party that evening; Gena flies into New York from Los Angeles, and the four meet at the hotel, where Katie announces that Gena has brought cocaine for all of them to do. At the dinner party that night, Gena runs into her ex-boyfriend Clyde (Adam Scott), whom she sees flirting with Dale's younger sister, and Katie runs into Joe (Kyle Bornheimer), a former classmate and pot dealer. Trevor (James Marsden), the best man, gives a speech at the party, and Gena, high on cocaine, reveals in her toast that she once caught Becky forcing herself to throw up in the high school bathrooms. After the dinner, the women go to their suite, where Katie's gay co-worker arrives and does a striptease for the women, but Becky stops it after he jokingly calls her Pigface, a cruel nickname of hers in high school. Becky leaves the bachelorette party, and Regan, Gena and Katie are left in the hotel room where they drink and continue to do cocaine. Drunk and high, the three accidentally rip Becky's bridal gown, and Katie gets a nosebleed and stains it with her blood. Regan contacts a friend who owns a bridal store, who reluctantly agrees to open the store for them in the middle of the night. After unsuccessfully searching the store for a dress that will fit Becky, Katie reveals that she can sew, which leads the women on a hunt for thread and a sewing machine. Trevor text messages Regan asking the girls to stop by the strip club the men are at, which they agree to. Gena takes the dress into the strip club's bathroom where she attempts to clean it; there, she has a conversation with a stripper who begins using the dress as a towel and toilet paper. Regan, furious over the situation, gets into an argument with Gena, who insists they confess everything to Becky, and it is revealed in the argument that Gena had an abortion. Gena leaves the club with Clyde and the dress. Meanwhile, Joe attempts to woo Katie, who is heavily intoxicated and high on cocaine, and Regan ends up having sex with Trevor in the hotel bathroom. Clyde and Gena spend the evening together reminiscing and have sex. Meanwhile, Joe and Katie spend the night in the hotel swimming pool, where Katie reveals that she attempted suicide the year before. Becky calls and asks Regan to come to her room so they can talk; in their conversation, it is revealed that Regan is bulimic, and that Becky covered it for her in high school. Just as Regan begins to tell Becky about her dress, Becky's mother arrives, and they begin to prepare for the wedding. Gena and Clyde head to the wedding in the morning while the party planners are unable to find the missing dress. Gena asks a maid at the hotel to help her make some small touch-ups to the dress before bringing it to Becky; meanwhile, Katie locks herself in the bathroom and overdoses on Xanax. While Regan forces Katie to vomit the pills, she ends up puking all over Regan's dress. Regan, in an attempt to buy time, convinces Becky to ride to the wedding in her pajamas and put on the dress when she arrives. Becky, irate, screams at her mother and Regan in the taxi. Gena arrives to the wedding with the dress, still stained with blood. Becky ends up walking down the aisle while Regan and Gena sit on a bench and watch the ceremony, where they are joined by Katie, who arrives late. At the reception, Joe and Katie talk and kiss, Regan tries to sleep, and Clyde gives an obscene speech about having sex with Gena the night before. The film ends as the four women make up and dance together at the reception.
Zachariayude Garbhinikal	Malayalam	comedy	Aneesh Anvar	The film narrates the incidents in the life of a gynaecologist and five women who come into his life each with unconventional/illegitimate pregnancies. Lal acts as the gynaecologist and Asha Sharreth does the role of doctor's wife. Sanusha plays the role of an eighteen-year-old girl who refuses to abort her child and reveal the child's father. In the end, she gives her baby to the gynaecologist and his wife who don't have children of their own. After some months, she visits the doctor's house and leaves him a book. And from reading one of the story in the book that she specially marked he figures out that she bore the child of her father. Rima's character is a nurse, while Geetha plays an elderly woman who gets pregnant through artificial insemination.[7] Aju Varghese appears as Ajmal who has strong feelings for Fatima. However, due to their height difference, he is unable to confide his love for her. Sandra Thomas plays the role of another expectant woman who bears her boyfriend's child which she wants to conceive only if her husband dies and Joy Mathew acts as her husband.[6]
Let Me Explain, Dear	British	comedy	Gene Gerrard, Frank Miller	A man tries to fake an accident in order to claim insurance money, but things soon go awry.
The Shriek of Araby	American	comedy	F. Richard Jones	The film is a spoof of Rudolph Valentino’s hit 1921 film The Sheik and features Turpin as a bill poster daydreaming about having various adventures as an Arabian sheik.[3]
Hope Springs	American	comedy	David Frankel	Although a devoted couple, empty nesters Kay and Arnold Soames (Meryl Streep and Tommy Lee Jones) are in need of (in Kay's opinion) help to reignite the spark in their marriage. They have slept in separate rooms for years since their youngest child went off to college, and forgo any physical affection. One day Kay (who works as a Coldwater Creek employee) tells Arnold (a partner in an Omaha accounting firm) she has paid for them to undergo a week of intense marriage counseling with Dr. Bernie Feld (Steve Carell) in a coastal resort town in Maine. Arnold, a creature of plodding, unimaginative routine, denies their marriage is in trouble. In sessions with Dr. Feld, a psychiatrist, they (mainly Kay) try to articulate their feelings, revitalize their relationship, and find the spark that caused them to fall in love in the first place. Dr. Feld counsels them, asking increasingly frank questions about their sex life and feelings. Arnold is angry and defensive, unwilling to see the depth of his wife's disappointment. Angry and crying, Kay goes alone to a bar where she has several glasses of wine, confides in the bartendress and learns that few others are having any sex, either. Arnold visits a nautical museum. Back together, they spend the night in the same bed for the first time in years, and Kay awakes to find Arnold's arm around her. At this sign of progress, Dr. Feld urges new measures. They make halting attempts at intimacy on the bed of their budget motel and again in a movie theater, but this time with disastrous results. In a one-on-one session, Dr. Feld explains to Arnold that couples seeking marriage counseling are doing so for a reason, and asks Arnold frankly, Is this the best you can do? Arnold finally takes the initiative to arrange a romantic dinner and a night at a luxury inn, where they attempt to make love in front of a fireplace, but the grand design fails. At their final session, Dr. Feld tells them they've made much progress and should take up couples therapy back home. Back in Omaha, old habits resume. Kay offers to pet-sit for a fellow employee and packs a bag to stay there, as a first step in a permanent break with Arnold. That night, both are shown in bed trying to sleep. Arnold enters his wife's bedroom and they tenderly embrace. The lovemaking that follows is warm, natural, and quietly passionate. The next morning it's clear that the marriage is in a whole new place. Later that year, as Kay said she fantasized, they renew their wedding vows on a beach with Dr. Feld and their grown children present, making promises to be more understanding and considerate of each other.
Bell-Bottom George	British	comedy	Marcel Varnel	George Blake (Formby) is a waiter with ambitions to join the Navy, although he's been rejected several times, because of a weak heart. But during an air raid he's mistaken for a sailor because he's wearing the clothes of a navy friend who's borrowed his to go to a Lock-in at a pub. George is spotted by military police who think he is AWOL and escort him back to Naval barracks. He impresses the sailors there with his songs and ukulele playing, and is recruited to play at the Spick and Span troop radio concert in London. Somehow, along the way, he stumbles on a group of Nazi spies using a taxidermists shop as a front, and foils their plot to blow up a British submarine, The Firefly. He also impresses and wins the heart of Pat (Anne Firth), the Wren he's fallen for.[2][3][2]
Josephine and Men	British	comedy	Roy Boulting	Josephine's (Glynis Johns) story is told in flashback by her suave bachelor uncle (Jack Buchanan). We hear how she rejects her wealthy fiancé Alan (Donald Sinden) for his friend David (Peter Finch), an unsuccessful playwright. But when their situations are reversed, Josephine's interest in David starts to wane. She is a woman we hear, always drawn to underdogs.
The Harassed Hero	British	comedy	Maurice Elvey	Wealthy hypochondriac bachelor Murray Selwyn (Guy Middleton) has been ordered by his doctors to avoid stress, but unfortunately finds himself face to face with a gang of counterfeiters. Murray has unwittingly come into possession of the printing plates the gang is after. His stress levels escalate further when Murray's nurse (Joan Winmill Brown) is kidnapped by the gang.
Ass Backwards	American	comedy	Chris Nelson	Loveable losers Kate and Chloe (June Diane Raphael and Casey Wilson) are best friends with a not so firm grip on reality. The girls have been inseparable ever since tying for dead last at a kiddie beauty pageant as children. Now they are all grown up and living in New York City, where Chloe is a rising star dancing in a glass box at a nightclub and Kate is the CEO of her own one-woman egg-donor corporation. Their past humiliations at the pageant remain long forgotten until they receive an invitation to the pageant's milestone anniversary celebration. With the unpleasant memories flooding back, Kate and Chloe decide to redeem themselves and take a roadtrip back to their hometown and win the elusive crown. On the road, they face some hard truths about themselves and each other as they encounter drug addicts, spring breakers, strip club hooligans, a feminist farming collective, and their favorite reality TV star, leading to the girls' homecoming and final reckoning with their past, present and future.[1] The film features Alicia Silverstone as Laurel, Kate and Chloe's former beauty pageant rival, and Vincent D'Onofrio as Chloe's dad, Bruce.
Bumping Into Broadway	American	comedy	Hal Roach	The film opens with a quick glimpse into the glamorous life of Broadway and the hubris often associated with its players. The film then shifts to the story of The Girl and The Boy, she an aspiring actress and he an unpublished playwright. They are both humble artists struggling to make it big, and each are behind in their rent at a boarding house run by a stern landlady and a large, thuggish bouncer. Having romantic feelings for the girl, the boy gives her all of his money so she can pay the back rent. Now penniless, the boy must find different ways to elude the landlady and bouncer. He finally escapes the menacing duo by hopping into a moving car. Later, the eager playwright sneaks into the theater where the girl works a chorus girl to try and sell his play to the manager. He is unsuccessful, and after being kicked out of the manager's office, he's physically thrown into the street. Meanwhile, the girl has been fired from the show, and as a consolation, accepts an offer from the handsome Stage-door Johnnie to accompany him to a posh nightclub. The couple, followed by the boy, arrive at the Sky Limit Club, an underground gambling establishment. While searching for the girl inside the club, the boy accidentally starts winning at roulette when he unwittingly places some found money on the table. Just as he bankrupts the casino, the place is raided by the police. After a series of chases and clever maneuvers, the boy is able to evade the police and is reunited with the girl. The film ends with the two engaged in a romantic kiss.[2][6]
The Lucky Dog	American	comedy	Jess Robbins	A hapless hero (Laurel), who after being thrown out onto the street for not paying his rent, is befriended by a stray dog. The dog and young man then (literally) bumps into a robber (Hardy) who is holding someone up. The bandit, who in the process has accidentally placed his victim’s money into the young man's back pocket, turns from his first victim, who runs off, to rob Stan. The robber then steals the money he had already stolen, from the bemused young man who had thought he was broke. The young man and the dog escape and the dog makes friends with a poodle. The poodle’s lady owner (Florence Gillet) persuades the young man to enter his dog into the local dog show. When his entry is refused, the young man sneaks in anyway, but is quickly thrown out, followed by all the dogs in the show. The young man spots the poodle’s owner outside looking for her dog and offers his dog in its place. She accepts and in turn offers him a lift to her home. This scene is witnessed by her jealous boyfriend, who happens to bump into the bandit and together the two plot their revenge on the young man. At the lady's house, the young man is introduced to the boyfriend and the bandit, in disguise as the Count de Chease of Switzerland. The boyfriend proposes and is refused while the bandit attempts to shoot the young man only to have the gun jam. The boyfriend chases the lady around the house while the bandit tries to blow up the young man with a stick of dynamite. The dog comes to the rescue, chasing the bandit and the boyfriend into the garden with the dynamite and leaving them to be blown up.
Keeping Up with the Joneses	American	comedy	Greg Mottola	Jeff Gaffney (Zach Galifianakis) works as a Human Resources professional at a Defense contractor company called MBI, based in Atlanta. He and his wife Karen (Isla Fisher) live in a nice cul-de-sac with their two children, who are away at summer camp. They make the acquaintance of their two new neighbors, Tim (Jon Hamm) and Natalie Jones (Gal Gadot). Tim is a travel writer whose hobbies include glassblowing, and Natalie is a social media consultant, cooking blogger and philanthropist. They are both impossibly good-looking, accomplished and stylish, yet overly friendly with the Gaffneys. Karen starts having suspicions about the Joneses when she catches Tim poking around Jeff's den during a neighborhood block party, then witnesses Natalie doing what looks like a dead drop in a café. Karen follows Natalie to the mall, but Natalie confronts her in a dressing room, defusing the situation with some female bonding. Meanwhile, Tim invites Jeff to an underground Chinese restaurant, where Jeff drinks snake wine and is bitten by a severed snake head, forcing Tim to save his life. In exchange, Jeff takes Tim to indoor skydiving, a passion of his that none of his friends share. All the way through, Tim tries to have Jeff talk about his coworkers at the office. One night, with the help of Natalie, Tim sneaks into the MBI building and look over Jeff's emails. Back at their house, Jeff accidentally breaks the glass sculpture made by Tim that was given to them, revealing a bug among the shards. Realizing the Joneses are spies, Karen decides to sneak into their house to find more evidence. They discover files on Jeff and the other MBI employees and Jeff accidentally stuns Karen with a pen gun. They narrowly escape as the Joneses arrive. Natalie is worried Tim might be getting too close to Jeff, but they reveal they are in love with each other, which is also against the rules. Natalie notices the used pen gun on the floor, and they realize the Gaffneys have broken into their house. The Gaffneys arrange a private meeting with MBI security officer Carl Pronger (Kevin Dunn) to expose the Joneses, but before Carl can disclose classified details, he is killed by a sniper who also attacks the Gaffneys. They are rescued by the Joneses and a high-speed chase and shootout ensue. The Gaffneys learn that the Joneses are actually trying to discover whether there is treason within MBI. Back in the cul-de-sac, Jeff gives Tim and Natalie some relationship advice and the two couples bond. After they reenter their house, the Joneses trigger a bomb that blows it up. Later, after lying to the police about the Joneses, the Gaffneys are frantically preparing to go on the run when the Joneses reappear alive and well in their basement. They kidnapped Jeff's colleague Dan Craverston (Matt Walsh) and his wife Meg (Maribeth Monroe), who are revealed to be trying to sell MBI's experimental microchips to an international arms dealer called The Scorpion (Patton Oswalt). When the Scorpion calls on Dan's phone, Jeff answers posing as Dan and arranges a meeting to deliver the microchips. Jeff and Karen go to the hotel where the meeting takes place, while the Joneses back them up from the roof. The Scorpion turns out to be a former MBI employee named Bruce Springstine, who recognizes Jeff. With their cover blown, Tim radios for back-up, but the operation is aborted and the Gaffneys are declared collateral damage. The Joneses disobey orders and surrender to the Scorpion, but before the latter gets around to killing them, Karen is able to pass a knife to Natalie, giving the Joneses the opportunity to eliminate the Scorpion's henchmen. They escape by jumping off the window into a pool, just before the Scorpion opens the briefcase containing the chips, detonating a bomb that kills him. Proud of their new friends, the Joneses say goodbye and go back to their life of espionage. The next summer, the Gaffneys visit the café in Marrakesh where the Joneses used to date and happen upon the Joneses who are in the middle of a new mission, accidentally blowing their cover and triggering yet another gunfight.
Night at the Museum: Secret of the Tomb	American	comedy	Shawn Levy	In 1938 Egypt, a team of archaeologists discover the tomb of pharaoh Ahkmenrah, including a young Cecil Fredericks, finding the magical Tablet of Ahkmenrah. The locals warn the group that removing the tablet will end its magic. In present-day New York City, Larry Daley remains the night guard of the American Museum of Natural History. He, Theodore Roosevelt, Sacagawea, Attila the Hun, Jedediah, Octavius and Dexter the capuchin monkey help re-open the Hayden Planetarium. A new wax Neanderthal resembling Larry named Laaa is introduced, identifying Larry as his father. Ahkmenrah shows Larry that the tablet is corroding, which later causes the exhibits to act erratically, causing mayhem at the planetarium's reopening. Afterwards, Larry catches his son Nick throwing a house party, who plans on taking a gap year to sort out his life. Larry reunites with Cecil, now in retirement, who realises the end of the tablet's magic will cause the exhibits to become lifeless. Cecil explains Ahkmenrah's parents, Merenkahre and Shepseheret, may be able to restore the tablet's power, but are located in the British Museum. Larry convinces the museum's curator, Dr. McPhee, to let him ship Ahkmenrah to London to restore the tablet, convinced that McPhee knows its secrets. Larry and Nick travel to the British Museum, bypassing the night guard Tilly. To Larry's surprise, Roosevelt, Sacagawea, Attila, Jed, Octavius, Dexter, and Laaa have come as well. Laaa is left to stand guard while the others search the museum, the tablet bringing its own exhibits to life. They are joined by a wax Sir Lancelot who helps them fight off the aggressive museum exhibits like a Xiangliu statue and a Triceratops skeleton. Jedediah and Octavius fall through a ventilation shaft, but are rescued from an erupting Pompeii model by Dexter. The group find Ahkmenrah's parents, learning the tablet's power can be regenerated by moonlight, since it is empowered with the magic of Khonsu. Lancelot mistakes the tablet for the Holy Grail and steals it, leaving to find Camelot. Larry and Laaa are locked in the employee break room by Tilly but escape, Laaa remaining behind to distract Tilly, but they become attracted to each other. Lancelot crashes a performance of the musical Camelot, starring Hugh Jackman and Alice Eve as King Arthur and Queen Guinevere, but Larry and the others chase him to the theatre roof, where the New York exhibits begin to die. Lancelot then sees that the quest was about them and gives the tablet back. The moonlight restores the tablet's power, saving the exhibits. They decide that Ahkmenrah and the tablet should stay with his parents, even if it means the New York exhibits will no longer come to life. Back in New York, Larry spends some final moments with his friends before sunrise. Three years later, Larry, having taken the blame for the planetarium incident thus giving McPhee his job back, now works as a teacher, and a travelling British Museum exhibit comes to New York. Tilly becomes the new night guard, and gives the tablet to Dr. McPhee, showing him its power, and allowing the exhibits to awaken again. Outside, Larry watches them party inside.
Mr & Mrs 420	Punjabi	comedy	Ksshitij Chaudhary	Deputy (Binnu Dhillon) wants to be an actor like Dharmendra but has to settle for playing Surpanakha (character) in a local Ramlila because of the lack of opportunity. His friend Jass (Jassi Gill) is unemployed and in love with a young woman who will only marry if he finds a job. Their families feel humiliated because of them. They join their friend Palli (Yuvraj Hans) in a town for a better future and to prove themselves. The big problem is that this cannot be done until they have a place to stay. Then comes Babbu (Babbal Rai), friend of Palli, to their rescue. It does not last long because of their parting one night. They have to look for another shelter. According to their budget, they are getting places that will only allow married couples to stay. So they lie about their marital status — somehow Palli and Jass convince Babu and Deputy to play their wives to get a roof over their heads.
Never Been Thawed	American	comedy	Sean Anders	The film revolves around the personal life of main character Shawn Anderson (played by writer-director Anders) and his two life pursuits, the Mesa Frozen Entree Enthusiast's Club and his band The Christers. The Club is an eclectic group of people who collect frozen entrees. The film follows the group planning their first Frozen Entree Enthusiasts Convention and the power struggles between Shawn and wealthy group member Vince, who is also a corporate trainer who models his training seminars after Viet Cong prison camps. The Christers are Shawn's rock band. Formerly named The Reach Arounds, they have turned from hardcore punk rock to Christian rock believing it will be easier to sign a record deal. The story documents the interplay among Anderson and supporting characters. Shelly Toue is an Intercourse Prevention Hotline councilor who is obsessed with Shawn, but who has attracted the affection of Christers member Al McTavish who works at a hair salon for children named Klown Kutz that requires him to dress up as a clown and go by the title Smilist. The Christers are managed by Milo Bender (played by Phoenix realtor John Angelo) who also manages a pro-life cafe named the No Choice Cafe that he opened next door to an abortion clinic.[1] Milo also organizes a music festival called Christapalooza where Shawn's band is supposed to play. Other eclectic characters play minor roles in the plot. An effeminate fire fighter named Scott has been converted to heterosexuality by a church ministry. He scavenges commemorative plates from house fires and displays them in his home. Shawn's deaf brother Chris hangs around in his underwear and routinely requests beer and cigarettes from Shawn via TDD telephone calls.[2]
The Whole Ten Yards	American	comedy	Howard Deutch	Thanks to falsified dental records supplied by his former neighbor Nicholas Oz Ozeransky (Matthew Perry), retired hitman Jimmy The Tulip Tudeski (Bruce Willis) now spends his days compulsively cleaning his house and perfecting his culinary skills with his wife, Jill (Amanda Peet), a purported assassin who has yet to pull off a clean hit (everyone she is hired to kill dies in bizarre accidents before she can kill them). Oz, meanwhile, is now married to Jimmy's ex-wife Cynthia (Natasha Henstridge) and has a dental practice in California, now expecting their first child, but the relationship is complicated due to Oz's over-excessive paranoia about security, as well as Cynthia's secret continued contact with Jimmy (Although Oz also talks with Jill on occasion). Their lives are further complicated by the return of Laszlo Gogolak (Kevin Pollak), a father figure of Jimmy's who ran the mob that Jimmy was once a member of, Jimmy and Jill having killed his son, Janni, while Laszlo was in prison. Having deduced that Jimmy is still alive, Laszlo abducts Cynthia and threatens Oz to try to learn Jimmy's location, Oz only just managing to escape, by turning the lights out. With no other options, Oz contacts Jimmy and Jill for assistance, but Jimmy initially refuses to help until Laszlo's men attack the house after following Oz's car. Having captured Laszlo's remaining son, Strabonitz (Strabo, for short), Jimmy tells Laszlo that he will trade Cynthia for Strabo, but the group's attempt to check into a hotel results in Oz unintentionally triggering further conflict between Jimmy and Jill when he reveals that Jimmy still wears a crucifix Cynthia gave him. Retreating to a bar to get drunk, Jimmy becomes increasingly depressed about his apparent failure to father a child with Jill, although Oz becomes frustrated when Jimmy starts discussing his and Cynthia's old sex life, culminating in them becoming so drunk that Oz and Jimmy wake up in the same bed (Although nothing happens). Increasingly frustrated at her poor sex life with Jimmy, Jill attempts to seduce Oz, resulting in Jimmy walking in on them and knocking Oz out, subsequently regaining his passion for Jill and his work as the two proceed to have sex in the bathroom. While re-arming themselves at Oz's house, the three are attacked by an unknown marksman, whose attempts to shoot them result in Strabo being killed in the crossfire, the subsequent argument causing Jill to leave in frustration at Jimmy's insults of her capabilities and his cold dismissal of Oz. Increasingly driven to breaking point by recent events, Oz retreats to his practice, where Jimmy greets him to apologize for recent events, only for Oz's new receptionist Julie to chloroform Oz and Jimmy, revealing that she is the sister of 'Frankie Figgs', out for revenge for Oz and Jimmy's role in her brother's death. Waking up with Cynthia and Jimmy in Laszlo's apartment, Oz is shocked to learn that the current situation has been part of a plan by Jimmy and Cynthia from the beginning so that Cynthia could find Laszlo's half of the first dollar he ever stole, which he had torn in half to be divided between Jimmy and Yanni when they were kids. Just as Laszlo is preparing to kill the three of them, Jill shows up, having set up Strabo's body so that he appears to be alive and tied up in her car, threatening to detonate explosives in her car unless Laszlo releases Oz and Cynthia. Claiming to want to join Laszlo's organization, Jill is ordered to shoot Jimmy, finally apparently shooting Jimmy in the heart when he informs her that she'll never be a successful hitter. When Jill's car detonates as Laszlo's men go to release Strabo, it is revealed that Jill was in on the plan as well, having merely shot Jimmy with blanks. With Jules having been exposed as the shooter who killed Strabo, Laszlo shoots her, Jimmy subsequently having Jill shoot Laszlo in the foot, unable to kill the man who raised him. As the group depart, Jimmy and Cynthia reveal that the plan was set up to acquire Laszlo's half of the dollar, the combined dollar revealing the account number for a Gogalak account containing $280 million. With Jill having revealed that she is pregnant, the four drive away while the police arrest Laszlo.
The Bronze	American	comedy	Bryan Buckley	Former gymnastics Bronze Medalist Hope Ann Greggory (Melissa Rauch) has been living off her celebrity status in her hometown of Amherst, Ohio, though she is reduced to going through the mail her mailman father delivers for spending money. When her former coach Pavleck (Christine Abrahamsen) suddenly commits suicide, a letter arrives addressed to Hope stating that if she can guide Pavleck's best student, a young gymnastics star named Maggie Townsend (Haley Lu Richardson) to the Olympics in Toronto, she will receive a $500,000 inheritance. Unwilling to be overshadowed by Maggie's success, Hope instead plans to take the money by sabotaging Maggie's training so she can stay on top, initially feeding her junk food and a shake laced with marijuana. Maggie performs so poorly that arrogant Olympic Gold Medalist Lance Tucker (Sebastian Stan), who resents Hope's celebrity on account of her inferior bronze medal (which she won despite a career-ending injury) threatens to take over as Maggie's coach. When Hope learns she will forfeit the inheritance money if she does not continue training Maggie, Hope grudgingly devotes herself to Maggie's training in earnest. Along the way, she enters a romance with her assistant coach Ben Lawfort (Thomas Middleditch), nicknamed Twitchy due to his involuntary facial spasms. Hope's efforts eventually pay off when Maggie qualifies for the Olympic Games. However, she is shocked to discover that Coach Pavleck's gym is in danger of closing because Pavleck had no money to her name when she died. Upon hearing the news, Hope's father confesses that he was the one who had written the letter, to motivate Hope to do something meaningful with her life. After a heated exchange, Hope gets drunk and ends up having sex with Lance Tucker, leading a heartbroken Ben, who witnessed the act, to break off their relationship. Maggie succeeds in winning the gold medal and is celebrated as a local hero in Amherst, but announces her intention to begin training with Lance in Los Angeles instead of staying with Hope. When Maggie fails to show up for an autograph signing at a mall, Hope addresses the disappointed crowd and declares that she will always be Amherst's hero. She comes up with a plan to finance Pavleck's gym on her own by selling uniforms and gymnastics lessons to local girls. She then apologizes to Ben and retains him as her assistant coach. In the epilogue, a caption reveals that Maggie was forced to abandon her gymnastics career after becoming pregnant with Lance's child.
Marci X	American	comedy	Richard Benjamin	Marci Feld, a spoiled Jewish-American princess, is forced to take control of her father's hardcore rap label, Felony Assault, when her father Ben suffers a stress-induced heart attack due to the controversy surrounding the label's song Shoot Ya' Teacha by Dr. S. To rescue her father's plummeting stock, Marci attempts to tone down the rapper's bad-boy image. Over time, the unlikely pair falls in love just as conservative senator Mary Ellen Spinkle vows to banish Dr. S and his offensive lyrics from the airwaves forever.
Love, Life and Laughter	British	comedy	Maurice Elvey	Nell, the daughter of an English pub owner falls in love with the visiting Prince of Granau.
Sonna Puriyathu	Tamil	comedy	Krishnan Jayaraj	Shiva (Shiva) is a dubbing artist and a person who is not happy with love and marriages. His dream is to buy a Volkswagen car for himself. But his mother (Meera Krishnan) forces him by blackmailing him to marry and he finally accepts without satisfaction. The girl is Anjali (Vasundhara Kashyap) who is revealed to be a devotional girl and is a press reporter. When the marriage of one of Shiva's friends takes place, both Anjali and Shiva are invited. Anjali is invited because the friend was forced by Shiva in order to stop their marriage. But in that marriage, Shiva gets to know that Anjali is the exact opposite of what he thought she was, and that Anjali herself wanted to stop their marriage. They finally break up and they make their parents also accept (Shiva lied to Anjali's father that he got impotent during a cricket match and Anjali cooks up a plot claiming that she became pregnant). Shiva and Anjali celebrate their marriage cancellation in a pub. The next day, they found themselves in a hotel room together. Shiva and Anjali suspects that Shiva friend Gowri did the arrangement but after review the CCTV footage it is revealed that a Seth guy did the arrangement. Shiva and Anjali solve the matter and go to Anjali's house to drop her. Anjali's father prepared marriage with Anjali co-worker. Few days later the broker Rajesh Kanna (Manobala), who helped Shiva's mother, visits them with the news that they are going to organize a game show. The prize money from the game show will help Shiva to achieve his longtime dream. In the game, Shiva and Anjali win all the rounds. Anjali started falling in love with Shiva. Anjali feels sad when she comes to know that Shiva participated in the game only to win Volkswagen Car and breaksup with him. With the insistence of his friends, Shiva realises Anjali's love. In order to unite with Anjali, Shiva set up a plan by making a stage actress to act as bride to marry so that Anjali would marry him. Rajesh Kanna who comes to know of Shiva's plan kidnaps Shiva. Later he leaves Shiva when he claims that Anjali is going to marry someone. When Siva arrives at register office. He sees Anjali getting married. Saddened, Shiva goes to a park and he witnesses Flashmob dancing towards him. It is revealed that it was Anjali's plan to surprise Shiva whereas his friend was also involved in this plan. Shiva and Anjali gets married and live happily.
Criminal	American	comedy	Gregory Jacobs	Richard Gaddis is a small-time crook with a penchant for con games. To hook marks, he acts like a well-to-do businessman, dressing like one and driving a Mercedes-Benz S500,[1] believing that one must look like a professional in order to be a successful conman. Gaddis is searching for a new partner with whom he can perform more sophisticated cons. He discovers Rodrigo (Luna) after he sees the young man playing some minor con games in a casino-bar. When Rodrigo is caught, Gaddis acts the part of a vice officer to save him from being arrested. Rodrigo's contribution is a face and naive manner so trustable that he is able to con anyone, while Richard is both completely unprincipled and clever. After several small tests to determine Rodrigo's trustworthiness, he suggests a partnership, to which Rodrigo quickly agrees. Although Rodrigo distrusts Richard greatly, he agrees to partner him on a gigantic scam, provided he gets a percentage of the money gained to help his ailing father, who is in trouble because of his gambling debts. Richard accepts, and they plan to sell a fraudulent version of a silver certificate currency note to William Hannigan, a rich collector who is in town. Gyllenhaal plays Gaddis' sister Valerie, a concierge at a hotel. When Hannigan takes a fancy to the uptight but very sexy Valerie, Gaddis is forced to pull her into the scam, the price of which is Richard's admission to their brother Michael that he has cheated him out of his share of their inheritance. The plot twists constantly as each of the characters becomes more deeply invested in the scam, and the ever-deceitful Richard tries to cheat Rodrigo, Valerie and Michael out of their share of the take. In the twist ending, it is revealed that all the major players involved, including Rodrigo and Hannigan, were playing a confidence game against Gaddis from the very beginning, so that Valerie and Michael could rightfully take their share of their inheritance.
Penny Princess	British	comedy	Val Guest	The fictional European microstate of Lampidorra has no taxes, no quotas, no tariffs, no forms to fill in. Its two thousand residents make their money from the national (and legal) profession of smuggling to and from its neighbors: France, Italy, and Switzerland. However, the country falls on hard times and becomes bankrupt. The small state seeks the financial support of the United States in the guise of a rich American who buys the whole country for $100,000. When he dies shortly afterward, Lampidorra is inherited by his distant relative, Lindy Smith (Yolande Donlan), a Macy's shopgirl. On the way to her new realm, Lindy meets Tony Craig (Dirk Bogarde), an inexperienced British salesman trying to sell cheese to the Swiss. When she arrives in Lampidorra, Lindy is met by the ruling triumvirate: the Chancellor (Erwin Styles), who is a cobbler, the Burgomeister (Kynaston Reeves), who is a policeman, and the Minister of Finance (Reginald Beckwith), who is a blacksmith. As her first royal decree, she outlaws smuggling. However, this exacerbates the financial crisis, as her inheritance will be tied up for at least six months by legalities. By chance, teetotaler Lindy gets a bit tipsy when she samples Lampidorran schneese, a cheese made with Schnapps. She decides it would make a terrific export and has Tony brought to her to help market it. The alcoholic cheese is a sensation, but the other European nations soon respond to the threat to their own cheese industries by imposing tariffs. Lampidorra turns to its traditional smuggling expertise to avoid paying them. Tony falls in love with Lindy and proposes, but an intercepted telegram from his employer leads Lindy to wrongly suspect he is just after the secret recipe for schneese. The misunderstanding is eventually cleared up. In the end, Lindy finally receives her full inheritance, allowing her to bail out her subjects and depart with Tony.
The Goat	American	comedy	Buster Keaton	Buster Keaton is walking by and peers through a barred window while captured murderer Dead Shot Dan is having his picture taken. Seeing that the photographer is looking away, Dan moves his head to the side and snaps a picture of Buster without anybody noticing. Thus, when Dan escapes, the wanted posters all show Buster with his hands on the bars. Unaware, Buster moves on to a street corner, where he notices a horseshoe, and kicks it aside. The next man who comes along picks it up and throws it for good luck. Within seconds the man finds a wallet filled with money. After scrambling to find the horseshoe, Buster picks it up and throws over his shoulder. It strikes a policeman, who chases Buster, and soon other officers join the chase. Buster lures them into the back of a truck, locks them in, and escapes. Afterwards, Buster sees a man arguing with a young woman. Buster defends the woman and throws the man to the ground. After walking away, Buster runs into the officers who had chased him earlier. He escapes by hopping onto a train going to a nearby town. Unfortunately for Buster, the town has heard of Dan's escape, and newspapers and wanted posters with Buster's picture are everywhere. The townspeople run from him in terror wherever he goes. Buster is once again in the wrong place at the wrong time when the police chief on his patrol is ambushed by a gangster. The gunman's bullets miss the officer, but the smoking gun ends up in Buster's hand. He runs from the persistent police chief, inadvertently causing mischief all over the town. While on the run, Buster encounters the same young woman he assisted earlier, who invites him to dinner. At her home he meets her father—he is the police chief, and he furiously chases Buster all over the apartment complex. After the young woman helps Buster escape, the pair emerge onto the street where Buster observes a sign outside a furniture store that says You furnish the Girl, we furnish the home! He carries his date into the store. This short contains one of Keaton's more memorable images: A distant, speeding train approaches the camera, and stops with a close-up of Keaton who has been sitting on the front of the train.
Boyss Toh Boyss Hain	Bollywood	comedy	Amit Vats	The movie Boys Toh Boys Hain is based on the lines of the celebrated comic book but set in Delhi instead of Riverdale. It's a movie with youthful story of four young guys who face the similar problem in their life. They are looking to fall in love but the right woman does not seem to be coming their way. The crux of the story is how they eventually find their way to their true love. All this is happening in comic way so we can say that there is laughter in the movie.
Incredible Burt Wonderstone, TheThe Incredible Burt Wonderstone	American	comedy	Don Scardino	In 1982, young Albert is harassed by bullies. His mother gives him a special magic trick set by veteran magician Rance Holloway as his birthday present. He studies the instructional video and begins to practice some tricks, attracting the attention of a classmate, Anthony. They practice together and eventually become professional magicians Burt Wonderstone and Anton Marvelton, earning them success and an ongoing headlining act at the Bally's Hotel in Las Vegas. However, after ten years of performing the same tricks over and over again, Anton is fed up with Burt's ego, which has already cost them previous female assistants, all called Nicole in the act. In a rush, Burt enlists production assistant Jane as the new Nicole. Burt and Anton encounter up-and-coming street magician Steve Gray performing a unique yet horrifying card trick for his TV magic show, Brain Rapist. Audience numbers soon dwindle at Burt and Anton's show, upsetting Bally's owner Doug Munny. Taking a cue from Gray's endurance-based stunts, Anton suggests that he and Burt try a similar tack—locking themselves in a Plexiglas cage called the Hot Box hung above ground. Overconfident, Burt does not prepare for the stunt and almost instantly falls into a panic, causing the stunt to fail and injuring Anton. Anton angrily ends his partnership with Burt, and Jane also quits. Burt refuses to change his act, staging his two-man show alone to disastrous results. Munny shuts down the production and Burt, having squandered his earnings over the years, is left broke. Despondent, Burt tries to find work and is eventually hired as an entertainer at an assisted-living facility catering to former Vegas entertainers. There he meets Holloway, who retired several years before because he found that he was no longer happy performing. Holloway counsels Burt about magic, inspiring him to remember the initial wonder that led him to become a magician. Burt is shocked to see Jane—herself an aspiring magician—working for Gray. Appalled by Gray's style, Holloway and Burt polish their own tricks. Jane visits her grandmother at the facility and patches things up with Burt. Doug is opening a new casino-hotel and is offering a five-year contract to the winner of a talent search on the casino's opening night. He invites Burt to do a magic show at his son's birthday party, but Gray also appears and tries to upstage Burt with his own tricks. Disgusted by Gray's actions, Jane leaves his show. Burt reconnects with Anton, who has been distributing magic sets in Cambodia. A drug found in Cambodia called kratom that puts users into a deep sleep gives them an idea for a sensational trick. At the talent search show, Gray's performance involves him drilling into his brain, claiming it will not affect him. This however, backfires, leaving Gray with brain damage. Holloway then introduces Burt, Anton, and Jane's performance, the Disappearing Audience. The group secretly sedates the audience with kratom sleeping gas and then transports them to an outside location in the same seating arrangement. The audience awakes and responds with awe, and Doug awards the headlining act to Burt and Anton; they ask Jane to be their opening act. The trio then performs the Disappearing Audience trick again, returning everyone to the casino theater, as now mentally-impaired Gray watches on with the drill bit still in his skull. As the film ends, the final scene shows how Burt, Anton, Holloway and others transported the audience to the open area, by unceremoniously dragging and transporting the unconscious audience members to the area, and hauling them back to the theater in a moving van.
Curtain Up	British	comedy	Ralph Smart	In an English provincial town, 'Drossmouth', a second-rate repertory company assemble at the Theatre Royal on Monday morning to rehearse the following week's play, a melodrama titled Tarnished Gold. Harry, their irascible Producer, is highly critical of the play, which has been foisted on him by the Directors of the Company and is unenthusiastic about its prospects. The cast include Jerry, a young and sometimes keen actor, Maud, an widowed actress who was once famous on the West End stage, Sandra, who is waiting for (and receives) a call from a London producer, her philandering and semi-alcoholic husband, and Avis, a timid young girl who is quickly realising that acting is not for her. The cast are equally unenthusiastic of the play. Little progress is made. 'Jacko', the Stage Director, is at his wits end and threatens to resign, his regular habit when things go wrong. Just as matters seemingly cannot get worse, the author of the play, Catherine Beckwith, appears and insists on 'sitting at the feet' of the Director. She and Harry are quickly at each other throats. Harry tears up most of Act 1, and storms angrily off stage, falling into the pit and injuring himself. Despite the forebodings of the cast, Miss Beckwith insists on taking over the rehearsal according to her own ideas. She recasts the play as a period piece and introduces new stage techniques. A week later, to everyone's surprise, the curtain comes down on a triumphant first night.
The Medicine Man	British	comedy	Redd Davis	A young man impersonates a doctor.[2]
After Five	American	comedy	Cecil B. DeMille	Ted Ewing (Edward Abeles) invests both his own and the money of his fiancée, Nora Heldreth (Betty Schade), when a broker friend offers big investment returns. After the broker friend disappears, though, Ewing believes that he has squandered their money, and sets out on a course of action to recover it. He takes out a life insurance policy and then tries to get himself accidentally killed. His numerous attempts are to no avail. Next he hires some strong arms to kill him since they have apparently been following him anyway. He gives the money for his murder for hire to his valet, Oki (Sessue Hayakawa). But then the broker returns and Ewing discovers that his investment has doubled! With the strong arms after him, Ewing must straighten out the situation before it's too late.
Extract	American	comedy	Mike Judge	Joel Reynolds (Jason Bateman) is the owner and founder of Reynolds Extract, a flavoring-extracts company. Although his business is successful, his marriage lacks passion. It does not help that he is also often accosted by his annoying neighbor, Nathan (David Koechner). One day, a series of mishaps occur at the extract factory, resulting in an employee, Step (Clifton Collins, Jr.), losing a testicle. Cindy (Mila Kunis), a con artist and drifter, reads a news story about the accident. Hatching a get-rich-quick scheme, she gets a temporary job at the factory, flirting with Joel in order to manipulate him into giving her more information about Step. She also begins a series of petty thefts from her co-workers, who openly accuse each other of the thefts. Although Step initially decides not to sue the company, he changes his mind after a chance meeting with Cindy (that she sets up in order to meet and flirt with him). Under Cindy's influence, Step hires ambulance chaser attorney Joe Adler (Gene Simmons). Joel, unhappy in his marriage and mistaking Cindy's manipulations for genuine attraction to him, entertains the idea of an affair with Cindy; however, he still loves his wife, and wants to avoid actions that would leave him with regrets later. While visiting his friend Dean (Ben Affleck) and complaining about his situation, Dean suggests that Joel hire a gigolo to seduce his wife, so that Joel can then have a guilt-free revenge affair. Joel initially balks at the idea; but, after his judgment is impaired after ingesting a ketamine tablet that Dean mistakenly told him was just a Xanax, Joel eventually agrees. The friends hire Brad (Dustin Milligan) to seduce his wife Suzie (Kristen Wiig) into an affair, while posing as the pool cleaner. The next morning, Joel sobers up, realizes what he has done, and tries to stop Brad from going to his house; but by then, Brad and Suzie have already begun an affair. Things backfire further, as Brad falls in love with Suzie and wants to run away with her. After smoking marijuana with Dean and his friend Willie, Joel attempts to call Cindy, but soon realizes that he is calling Willie's number. Just then, Cindy walks into the apartment. Willie realizes that Joel is trying to get with Cindy [who lives with Willie], and, infuriated, punches Joel in the face. Joel meets with Adler and his associates, in the factory office, to discuss the terms of the settlement for Step. The workers, believing that the meeting is about a buy-out of the factory by General Mills, organize a strike. Frustrated by Adler's uncompromising negotiating style and the growing disrespect from his employees, Joel storms out and goes home—where Suzie admits her affair with Brad to him. Joel admits to Suzie that he hired Brad to do it, then leaves after arguing with his wife. Joel moves into a motel, where he spots Cindy, staying in another room. When he goes to her room, he notices a purse stolen from one of his employees, along with other stolen items, and realizes that Cindy is not only a thief, but is also behind a lot of the company's problems. Joel threatens to call the police, but softens when Cindy breaks down in tears. Cindy promises to talk to Step and get him to drop the lawsuit. Ultimately, the two spend the night together. The next morning, Cindy disappears, but leaves the stolen items behind. Step meets with Joel at the factory, where he offers to drop the lawsuit if Joel promotes him to floor manager. Meanwhile, while cleaning the pool herself, Nathan stops by and Suzie loses her temper, finally telling him what she really thinks of him and all the things Joel probably wanted to say to him, and just as she finishes her tirade, he collapses and dies. Feeling guilty, Suzie attends the funeral, where she runs into Joel. After a few awkward moments, the two agree to share a ride later, hinting at a possible reconciliation. It is revealed that Cindy has scammed Adler, too: she steals his luxury car, leaving him Step's truck in its place.
Top Five	American	comedy	Chris Rock	New York Times reporter Chelsea Brown is spending a day interviewing comedian and recovering alcoholic Andre Allen, star of the hit film franchise Hammy The Bear, about a cop in a bear suit. Chelsea has forgotten her audio recorder, so they first go to her apartment. While there they discuss a magazine article about the Cinderella complex. Chelsea explains that Cinderella left something behind to let the prince know that she wanted to see him again. Andre is attempting a foray into serious films with Uprize, in which he portrays Haitian Revolution figure Dutty Boukman, and is sensitive to criticism, particularly by Times critic James Nielson, whose previous reviews of Andre's work have been negative and insulting. As the interview begins in his limousine, Andre recalls his lowest point, when he was in Houston in 2003 and met Jazzy Dee, who supplied him with drugs, alcohol and women. Yet after Jazzy refused to pay the women, they contended they were raped, leading to Andre's arrest. After the limo gets hit by a cab, Andre and Chelsea wander the city. Andre stops at a jewelry store to pick up the rings for his wedding to reality-TV star Erica Long. They visit the apartment of Andre's old friends and his ex-girlfriend. Chelsea interviews each, learning that Andre wasn't particularly funny when he started in stand-up comedy. They nominate their five favorite rappers, including a sixth in their lineups as well. Andre goes to radio shows such as Opie and Anthony to promote Uprize and attends a press conference with fellow stars including Taraji P. Henson and Gabourey Sidibe. To his chagrin, Andre is asked when there will be another Hammy movie. At a hotel, Andre and Chelsea unexpectedly encounter her boyfriend, Brad, along with his friend Ryan, who is wearing Brad's shirt. Chelsea deduces Brad is cheating on her with Ryan. She and Andre, both recovering alcoholics, stop in a liquor store but resist making a purchase. Chelsea explains in graphic detail how the signs were there that Brad was gay. Andre laughs, calling Chelsea naive. She becomes angry and insults his movie, but the two end up kissing. Andre asks to borrow Chelsea's phone, since his own died. While using it, he sees an email from her editor, revealing James Nielson is Chelsea herself. The truth devastates Andre, who angrily tells Chelsea he felt he was never funny unless he was drunk or high, and now is fearful for his career. Despondent and acting out at a supermarket, he is arrested by police. In jail, Andre calls Erica, who fumes over the arrest, mainly because of how it will look for her image. She tells Andre this piece of fame is all she has since she thinks she has no other talent. Erica's manager Benny takes the phone and tells Andre to go to his bachelor party for good press and fly out for the wedding. Andre's bodyguard Silk bails out Andre, and they go to a strip club for a bachelor party with a theme based on Hammy The Bear. There, Andre hangs out with Jerry Seinfeld, Adam Sandler, and Whoopi Goldberg. They give him different views on marriage and sex. Andre runs into Chelsea, who wants to make it up to him and invites him to follow her. Andre, Chelsea, and Silk go to the Comedy Cellar, where Andre gets up onstage and performs standup for the first time in years. He turns out to still be funny, and the crowd loves him. After the performance, he tells Chelsea he got inspired to return to standup after being in jail and talking to DMX, who told Andre he does not want to keep rapping and wants to sing instead. He then sings Smile, terribly. They drop Chelsea off at her place, where she and Andre share one last kiss before departing. Andre asks for her top five rappers, which she lists. While driving away, Silk tells Andre he should have gone after Chelsea. Andre goes through the gift bag from the party and finds items including a scented candle and a bottle of vodka. Then he pulls out a slipper, and Silk smiles. After the credits begin rolling, the movie returns to the party, where Jerry Seinfeld shares his top five as Sugarhill Gang, Eminem, Wale, Ice Cube, and Sir-Mix-A-Lot.
Holidays with Pay	British	comedy	John E. Blakeley	The Rogers family visit Blackpool for their annual holidays, and have difficulty finding rooms; but are befriended by a wealthy young man who takes them to stay in his haunted mansion. The family become entangled in a plot by the young man's grasping cousin to murder him for the family inheritance. However, all ends happily with the young man marrying the Rogers eldest daughter, Pamela.
Maayavi	Tamil	comedy	Singampuli	Abhes Balayya (Suriya), the guide-con man-thief, is footloose and fancy-free. He and his acolyte Sathyaraj (Sathyan), have no hang ups in life. He is also a huge fan of actor Ajith Kumar. Balayya's problems start when he and Sathyaraj land up in a huge villa on the beachfront. He is there for making some quick money. It is actually actress Jothika's (Jyothika) house. When they realize it, they want to replace what they have taken. But, as it happens, the actress herself catches them and creates a huge issue out of it. For their efforts, they are put behind the bars. Jyothika just doesn't like Balayya at all. Out of all, the two have their run-ins, and again Balayya is jailed. So out to take revenge on her and kidnap her. Just about when the whole industry and her family tries to trace Jyothika, she understands the real Balayya. In the end Balayya comes to see her and gives her a gift. The gift is the photographs they took together.
A Slice of Life	Australian	comedy	John D. Lamond	Toby Morris enters hospital to remove a cyst from his hand. He wakes up to find not only has the cyst been removed but he's been given a vasectomy. Toby develops a phobia against hospitals and becomes a Casanova. Then he finds that the vasectomy may not have worked after all.
The Crowning Touch	British	comedy	David Eady	The Crowning Touch of the title is a fancy ladies hat. It has been ordered and specially set aside at a posh British hat shop, but no one has come to collect it. Three of the shop's staff offer different reasons as to why the pretty young girl who'd ordered the hat never showed up.
Ladies & Gentleman	Malayalam	comedy	Siddique	Chandrabose (Mohanlal) whose wife's (Meera Jasmine) death has led him to become an alcoholic. Chandrabose likes to keep a low profile and lives a rather carefree life. When he comes to Kochi, he saves a young IT professional (Krish. J. Sathaar) out of committing suicide and joins in the firm passing out positive philosophy which takes the firm from a struggling start-up to the top, and makes an impression on Anu (Mamta Mohandas), Jyothi (Padmapriya) and Chinnu (Mithra Kurian).
When Do We Eat?	American	comedy	Fred Niblo	Nora, An actress (Enid Bennett) is performing in an adaptation of Uncle Tom's Cabin in a Texas town. A sheriff enters with an attachment against the show. Nora, dressed as Little Eva, escapes from the venue and gets onto a train. A tramp makes advances towards her, causing her to jump from the train. She lands in a field and is arrested for looking suspicious. She is saved from jail by Ma Forbes (Gertrude Claire), who is after someone to help her with some residents at her boarding house. The boarders Soup McCool (Jack Nelson) and Pug Hennessy (Robert McKim) are actually criminals. They con Ma's son, James (Albert Ray) out of $300. They then plan a bank robbery with the help of Nora. They think she is a safecracker, who they've been expecting. Nora plays along, and opens the safe, as she was given the combination from James. Once the safe has been cracked, Nora raises the alarm and the crooks are caught. Afterwards, James proposes to Nora.
No Parking	British	comedy	Jack Raymond	Albert is the unfortunate car park attendant who gets caught up with jewel thieves mistaking him for the American gangster they've been waiting to join forces with. However, on the day of the heist, the real American gangster turns up, and Albert is revealed as an undercover policeman.
Into the Blue	British	comedy	Herbert Wilcox	Mr and Mrs Fergusson (Jack Hulbert & Constance Cummings) are relaxing on board a chartered yacht taking them to Oslo, Norway, but after leaving England discover they have a stowaway (Michael Wilding), who is on the run from the police. He was asked to take two suitcases to Monte Carlo, but on examination at the airport they contained stolen watches, so he grabbed the cases and ran. All attempts by the couple to remove him from the yacht fail, and they end up going to Rouen, Paris, and finally Monte Carlo. In the meantime, romance has blossomed between Nicholas the stowaway, and Jackie, the young niece of the skipper. They plan to get married, but first Nicholas decides to confront the smugglers, then turn himself in to the police. Unknown to him, the police have been tailing him ever since he left England, and follow him to the hotel, where they overhear him talking with the head of the smugglers, whom they have been trying to nail for years. The smugglers get a prison sentence, while Nicholas receives a caution, and he is free to catch up with the yacht, now on its way back to England.[3]
Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen	American	comedy	Sara Sugarman	Mary Elizabeth Lola Steppe (Lindsay Lohan) is a 15-year-old girl who grew up in New York City and wants desperately to be a famous Broadway actress. Lola narrates the story. Much to her annoyance, she moves with her family to the suburbs of Dellwood, New Jersey, but she confidently tells the audience, A legend is about to be born. That legend would be me. At school, Lola makes friends with an unpopular girl, Ella Gerard (Alison Pill), who shares her love for the rock band Sidarthur. Lola idolizes the band's lead singer Stu Wolff (Adam Garcia). She also meets Sam (Eli Marienthal), a cute boy who takes a liking to her, and makes enemies with Carla Santini (Megan Fox), the most popular girl in school. When Lola auditions for the school play, a modernized musical version of Pygmalion called Eliza Rocks, she is chosen over Carla to play Eliza, and Carla promises to make her life miserable. Lola also beats Carla on a dancing video game at an arcade, where Carla reveals that she has tickets to the farewell concert of Sidarthur, who recently decided to break up. Afraid of being one-upped by Carla, Lola falsely claims that Ella and she have tickets, too. She loses her chance to buy tickets and new clothes when her mother takes away her allowance, and the concert is sold out by the time she persuades Ella to pay for the tickets. Lola explains that they can buy tickets from a scalper, though, and she gets Sam to sneak Eliza's dress out of the costume room for her to wear at the concert. On the night of the concert, Lola and Ella take a train to New York City, but Lola loses the money for the tickets, and her plan to sneak into the concert does not work. Lola and Ella finally give up and walk through the city to Stu's after-show party. When they get there, Stu stumbles drunkenly out of the building and passes out in an alley. The two girls take him to a diner to sober him up, but he gets in trouble, and they end up at a police station, where Lola gives her father's New York City address. At this point, Lola's dishonesty becomes a problem. When she met Ella, she tried to impress her by telling her a dramatic story about her father dying years earlier. Ella highly values honesty, so she becomes infuriated when she discovers that Lola's story was a lie. After Lola's father arrives, and they explain what happened, Stu gratefully takes them all back to the party, where Ella forgives Lola for lying, and the two girls see Carla, who sees them, as well, and looks upset. Lola talks with Stu about his work, but is disappointed to discover that he is a drunk. Back at school, Carla humiliates Lola by denying that she saw Lola or Ella at the party and calling Lola a liar. None of the other students believes Lola's story about being arrested with Stu and leaving her necklace at his house. Afterward, Lola goes home, depressed, and refuses to perform in the play, but she is spurred on by Ella's encouragement and arrives backstage just in time to prevent Carla from taking over her part. As she is about to go on stage, her mother wishes her good luck and finally calls her by her nickname, Lola. The modernist interpretation of Pygmalion (Eliza Rocks) ensues. After a great performance that brings a standing ovation, the cast goes to an after-party at Carla's house, where Stu arrives to see Lola. Carla tries to save herself from humiliation by saying he is there to see her, but is proved wrong when Stu gives Lola her necklace in front of everyone. As Carla's lies become apparent, she backs away from the crowd on the verge of tears and falls into a fountain, greeted by everyone's laughter. In a conciliatory gesture, Lola helps her up, and Carla accepts defeat. After dancing with Stu, Lola dances with Sam, and they eventually share a kiss.
Gasbags	British	comedy	Walter Forde, Marcel Varnel	The film brims with British comedy talent of the period. The Crazy Gang’s mobile fish and chip shop is accidentally tied to a barrage balloon and the gang is carried to Nazi Germany. They are captured but break out of prison, impersonate Adolf Hitler and return to England in a stolen secret weapon.
Once Upon a Dream	British	comedy	Ralph Thomas	The film is a comedy and a social commentary on the period and is set just after World War II. An officer's wife has a romantic dream about her husband's man (servant) and comes to believe it is true. Meanwhile, the husband has asked his servant to help him, after the war, to suggest ways to ignite the romance he and his wife had before the war, as well as find a way to make money in a post-war economy. Misdirection and misunderstandings ensue. It was a J. Arthur Rank presentation, a Sydney Box production and was released through General Film Distributors Ltd.
Hemlock Hoax, the Detective	American	comedy	Unknown	Hemlock Hoax is a detective who has little respect in the small tropical town where he lives, despite the fact that he thinks he is a better sleuth than Sherlock Holmes. A pair of boys decide to play a trick on Hoax and tell him about a murder. Hoax rushes to scene of the crime where he discovers a shred of cloth, later finding that a tramp is wearing the same type of clothes that he found. The tramp runs away and Hoax gives chase, with other people helping the pursuit. Eventually, Hoax captures the tramp with the aid of a police officer, and returns to the victim's body with the man. Hoax then comes to a realization that the body was just a dummy that had been stuffed with the leaves. The crowd has a laugh at Hoax's expense while the two boys are punished.[1]
Opie Gets Laid	American	comedy	James Ricardo	At 30 years old, Opie (James Ricardo) is a virgin whose existence is made up of watching pornography and eating junk food. One day a drug dealer named Thai (April Wade) mistakenly comes to his door. She decides to help Opie by finding him a good woman, initially (and unsuccessfully) by online personal ads. Thai and Opie end up sleeping together while high on marijuana, and then end up seeing each other regularly. Opie starts having sex with other women, including Thai's lesbian lover Dakota (Ute Werner) and a gun-toting nymphomaniac named Rain (Jesselynn Desmond).
A Very Harold & Kumar 3D Christmas	American	comedy	Todd Strauss-Schulson	Seven years after escaping Guantanamo Bay, best friends and roommates Harold Lee and Kumar Patel have gone their separate ways. Harold has given up smoking cannabis, become a successful business man on Wall Street and married his Latina girlfriend Maria. Kumar on the other hand is poor, and still lives in the messy apartment he once shared with Harold. Kumar has recently been dumped by his girlfriend Vanessa, who arrives at Kumar's apartment to inform him that she is pregnant with his child. Maria's father and Harold's father-in-law, Mr. Perez, decides to stay at Harold and Maria's house for the Christmas holiday. Mr. Perez, who doesn't like Harold, also brings over his prized Christmas tree that he has been growing for eight years, and gives Harold a short lecture about the tree's importance. Kumar receives a package with Harold's name on it at his apartment, and decides to deliver it to Harold. At Harold's house, they discover the item inside is a large marijuana joint. Kumar lights it up, but Harold throws it out of the window, only for it to magically land in the tree, and burn it down. Harold learns that Kumar's new friend Adrian is attending a party with a Fraser Fir Christmas tree, and promises to drive him to the party on the condition that he can have the tree. Harold, Kumar, Adrian, and Harold's new best friend Todd, arrive at the party, where a girl named Mary attempts to seduce Harold. It turns out that Mary is the daughter of a Russian mob kingpin named Sergei Katsov who sends two of his men to kill Harold and Kumar, believing that they were trying to rape his daughter. The duo make it out of the building, without the Christmas tree, and run into their friends, Rosenberg and Goldstein, for the first time in years. Harold and Kumar plan to steal a tree from a church, but end up participating in a Christmas show featuring Neil Patrick Harris, who they thought had died after being shot outside a Texas whorehouse seven years ago. Harris reveals that he did die but Jesus Christ kicked him out of Heaven. Harris hooks the pair up with a Christmas tree, and a Wafflebot, before sending them off. The two make their way to Harold's house to put up the tree, but end up being kidnapped by two of Katsov's men, and are saved by Wafflebot. After accidentally shooting Santa Claus in the head, Kumar gives him emergency surgery. In exchange for saving his life, Santa agrees to fly them back home in his sleigh, and reveals that he sent the package to reunite the friends. Harold arrives home to encounter Mr. Perez, who is angered when he discovers his Christmas tree is gone. Harold finally stands up to him, explaining that he may not be the perfect son-in-law, but he is the perfect guy for Maria. Mr. Perez says that he always knew Harold was a nice guy, he just wanted to make sure that he had cojones before accepting him into his family. Harold and Kumar rekindle their friendship, Kumar and Vanessa rekindle their romance, and Kumar tells Vanessa that he will re-take the exams to become a doctor for the sake of their child. Maria discovers that she is pregnant on Christmas morning and that Santa has left a replacement tree in their lounge. Harold decides to smoke weed again, and he and Kumar share a joint again for the first time. The film ends with Santa smoking a bong while riding his sleigh.
O Teri	Bollywood	comedy	Umesh Bist	Prantabh Pratap aka PP (Pulkit Samrat) and Anand Ishwaram Devdutt Subramanium/AIDS (Bilal Amrohi) are two journalists and roommates. Their boss Monsoon (Sarah-Jane Dias) always insults them for the horrid quality of their work. She never believes them and threatens to fire them from their jobs if they lie to her. One day PP and AIDS discover CBI Officer Avinash Tripathi's dead body in their car and attempt to take it to their office. However, by the time PP and AIDS have found Monsoon, the dead body has vanished causing Monsoon to think PP and AIDS lied and hence she fires them from their jobs. Frustrated, one day PP and AIDS are walking on a bridge which somehow collapses on the highway. On the news some people suggest the reason for the collapse could be a sonic boom, no blessings or the screw driver not inserted. PP and AIDS somehow discover that the dead body had caused the bridge to fall. The police take it away from them and later they end up with a CD that could expose a corrupt politician. The politicians chase PP and AIDS into a warehouse where eventually the police arrives and Monsoon realises that the men were telling the truth all this while. The politicians get arrested and PP and AIDS become nationwide heroes.
The Extra Girl	American	comedy	F. Richard Jones	Sue Graham (Normand) is a small town girl who travels to Hollywood to escape marriage, and in the hope of becoming a motion picture star. She wins a contract with a studio on the strength of a picture of a quite different (and very attractive) girl sent instead of hers; but when she arrives the mistake is discovered. Since the error was the result of another’s deception, the studio manager agrees to give her a job in the costume department. She eventually gets the opportunity to screen test, but it turns out disastrously – although in a nod to the actress behind the character the director calls her a natural comedian. Sue's parents come out to California, and invest money with a shifty individual who swindles them out of their life savings. Sue and childhood friend Dave, who has also followed her, retrieve the money. Despite the unsuccessful film career, all turns out well.
Hi Gang!	British	comedy	Marcel Varnel	Two married reporters (Daniels and Lyon) in New York City working for rival radio networks engage in cut-throat competition, assisted by an incompetent with big ideas (Oliver). A publicity stunt by the couple to adopt a British evacuee boy live on air goes wrong and they end up adopting Albert (Moffatt) a rowdy pub landlord's son and his cantankerous Uncle Jerry (Marriott). The final third of the film sees them all travel to England in the mistaken belief that Albert is the son of Lord Amersham.
Dady Cool Munde Fool	Punjabi	comedy	Simerjit Singh	Widower Parminder Singh Puppy is worried about the future of his careless and spoilt sons Gunny and Manni. Both the sons falls in love with two sisters Rinki and Minki. Parminder Singh is planning his own marriage with another widow Dilraaj Kaur Dil who was his lover during college and unknown to him, is mother of Rinki and Minki. Parminder is also unaware of their sons's love life. Parminder and his sons goes to Dilraaj's house with marriage proposal, with father unaware that his sons want to marry and sons unaware about their father's wishes. This follows a lot of chaos and drama in their lives.
Herbie: Fully Loaded	American	comedy	Angela Robinson	Maggie Peyton (Lohan) is an aspiring race car driver. Maggie's family includes her brother, Ray Jr., and her father, Ray Sr., who are members of their namesake's racing team. Herbie, a Volkswagen Beetle, is towed to a junkyard after losing several races, and Ray Sr. takes Maggie to the junkyard to buy her a car as a college graduation present. After Maggie selects Herbie, she finds an anonymous note in Herbie's glove box, possibly written by Herbie's old owner Jim Douglas (Herbie's original owner from The Love Bug (1968) and Herbie Goes to Monte Carlo) which reads: Please take care of Herbie. Whatever your problem, he'll help you find the answer. Herbie takes her against her will to the garage where her old friend Kevin works as a mechanic. Kevin has Maggie take Herbie to a car show to buy parts for Herbie, but when they arrive, Herbie tricks Maggie into disguising herself in a racing suit and helmet and challenging NASCAR champion Trip Murphy to an impromptu race, which Herbie wins by a second. This delights Kevin, who tries to talk Maggie into racing again. However, Ray Sr., who has forbidden her from racing since she was hospitalized after a street racing accident years ago, is concerned. It also infuriates Trip, who becomes obsessed with Herbie. Trip organizes a local street-racing competition to lure Herbie back for a rematch, which Maggie and Kevin enter. Herbie easily defeats the other cars and qualifies for the final match with Trip, but when Trip talks Maggie into racing for pinks (where the winner takes possession of the opponent's car), Herbie becomes alarmed over Maggie's desire to win Trip's stock car. In addition to being deeply hurt by Maggie's earlier assertion that driving in Trip’s car was the best ride of her life, Herbie incorrectly assumes that Maggie will reject him if she wins the other car, and also is unaware that Trip only agreed to the match so that he could have Herbie scrapped if he got possession of him. Consequently, Herbie intentionally loses the race against Trip Corvette C6 Z06 causing Maggie to be humiliated, Herbie being towed away by Trip, Kevin being disappointed in Maggie, and Ray Sr. lecturing Maggie for racing without his permission. However, encouraged by her friend Charisma, Maggie decides to race professionally. She tries to buy Herbie back from Trip, but Trip has entered Herbie in a demolition derby. Desperate to save Herbie from destruction, Maggie goes to the derby, runs onto the field while the derby is in progress, pleads with Herbie to help her, and wins the derby. Meanwhile, Team Peyton may have to forfeit an upcoming stock-car race due to financial troubles and two crashes by Ray Jr., one of which leaves him with a depth perception problem, rendering him unable to race. Ray Sr. declines Maggie's offer to drive for the team, but Ray Jr. allows her to take his place and sends the Team Peyton crew to help her and Kevin prepare Herbie for the race. At the race track, Maggie and Herbie have a heart-to-heart conversation, and Trip ominously warns Maggie that the race will be dangerous. Herbie starts the race slowly, but he eventually catches up and begins passing the other cars before Maggie makes her first pit stop. While watching the race at home, Ray Sr. decides to watch the race in person. On the track again, Herbie is soon boxed in by some other cars, but Ray Sr. arrives at the track and encourages Maggie over the team radio, and Maggie escapes the trap by driving directly over Tony Stewart who was in front of her. This damages Herbie's oil system, so Maggie makes another pit stop and Kevin hurriedly extracts a replacement part from a yellow New Beetle, which Herbie has been eyeing amorously throughout the film, owned by Sally, one of Team Peyton's few remaining sponsors, switiching it with Herbie's. The jerry-rigged oil system is fragile, and Trip is intent on preventing Herbie from winning. With Maggie, Herbie, and Ray Sr. now working together, Maggie and Herbie catch up to Trip. Trip tries to damage Herbie by pushing him into the track wall when Maggie tries to pass him, but he is caught off guard and crashes into the wall when she slams on the brakes during his next attempt, causing Trip's car to ricochet off the wall and hit Jeff Gordon's car, flipping his over. Herbie passes Trip's car, now upside down on the track, by climbing onto the catch fence above the wall and riding it all the way to the finish line. After landing back on the track, Maggie and Herbie win the race. Maggie is congratulated by her father and brother, and Trip is hospitalized as Maggie and Kevin kiss. Later, Ray Sr. warns Herbie and Sally's New Beetle not to stay out too long on their date. Herbie and his love then drive off into the night, ending the movie and rolling the credits.
Let's Go to Prison	American	comedy	Bob Odenkirk	John Lyshitski (Dax Shepard) has spent most of his life in prison, serving three different sentences. Each of his three trials were before Judge Nelson Biederman III, who habitually imposed resentfully tough sentences. After being released from his third sentence, John decides to take revenge on Biederman. John tries to determine when Biederman will be presiding over his next case, only to discover that Biederman died three days before John's release. He turns his attention to the judge's brash son, Nelson Biederman IV (Will Arnett). At a dedication ceremony for Nelson III, John breaks into Nelson's BMW, wrecks the interior and empties Nelson's emergency inhaler. After the ceremony, Nelson drives off and, finding his inhaler empty, panics and hyperventilates. He stops at a pharmacy and frantically searches through the shelves, desperately seeking a replacement for the empty inhaler, which he finds and immediately opens to use. The pharmacy owners think he's a junkie seeking a fix. One owner mistakes the inhaler for a tiny pistol and calls the police. Nelson is arrested and charged with assault and armed robbery. He demands that the Biederman Foundation do everything possible to have him acquitted. The board nearly complies with Nelson's demands, but, as they are fed up of him and his behaviour, they see an opportunity to be rid of him. They get him a terrible defense lawyer for the trial. Nelson is found guilty and sentenced to three to five years. John, not satisfied with Nelson merely going to prison, decides to join him in prison by committing a crime. At his trial before the same judge Nelson had, John pleads guilty and asks for the same sentence (3–5 years) at the same prison that Nelson is in. He manages to become Nelson’s cellmate, pretends to be his friend, and gives Nelson terrible advice on surviving life in prison. Nelson gets himself out of the many situations that John's misinformation creates. He meets gang leader Barry (Chi McBride), an imposing, brawny gay fellow who coerces Nelson into a relationship. Despite his intimidating appearance, Barry is a sensitive romantic – he likes smooth jazz, he supplies potential romantic partners with his finest toilet-made Merlot, and he has transformed his prison cell into a candle-lit, rose-bedecked passion parlour. Nelson first submits to being his partner out of fear, but then he genuinely grows fond of Barry and continues to play along with the relationship to keep Barry happy. Nelson gets into a mess with the prison's top dog Lynard (Michael Shannon), who promises to kill him. Nelson instead gets his hands on a deadly chemical and a syringe with the intent of using it to commit suicide. Before he can do so, however, Nelson is attacked by Lynard in his cell, and just before Lynard can beat him to death he spots the syringe, assumes it to be heroin and injects himself with it, accidentally killing himself and earning Nelson the respect of and authority over his fellow prisoners, who believe Nelson had done the deed. Nelson reaches his one-year parole hearing not only relatively unharmed, but the new top dog in the prison hierarchy, after killing Lynard. However, John will not allow his target to escape prison so easily. He manages to get Nelson's parole denied. Enraged, Nelson confronts John who then confesses to putting Nelson in jail. The two get into a fight. John quickly realizes that he is now Nelson's target. The guards set up a death match between the two. However, John and Nelson secretly hatch a plan to inject each other with a coma-inducing drug. The guards and prisoners, believing that they are dead, bury the pair in the graveyard. Nelson, who had legally adopted Barry to allow him to retake control of the Biederman Foundation, has Barry bribe the mortician to skip the autopsy. Barry later digs up John and Nelson. John, Nelson and Barry begin a new chapter of life, starting a winery (the product being toilet wine). The film ends with Nelson, Barry, and John now the best of friends, happily living free life in society.
Dictator, TheThe Dictator	American	comedy	Larry Charles	For years, the fictional nation of the Republic of Wadiya has been ruled by Admiral-General Aladeen (Sacha Baron Cohen), a childish, tyrannical, sexist, anti-western, and antisemitic despot who surrounds himself with female bodyguards, sponsors al-Qaeda (specially giving shelter to Osama Bin Laden after they killed his double one year ago), changes every word in the dictionary to Aladeen, and is working on developing nuclear weapons to attack Israel. He also refused to sell Wadiya's oil fields, a promise he made to his father on his deathbed. After the United Nations Security Council resolves to intervene militarily, Aladeen travels to the UN Headquarters in New York City to address the council. Shortly after arriving, Aladeen is kidnapped by Clayton (John C. Reilly), a hitman hired by his treacherous uncle Tamir (Ben Kingsley), whom Aladeen's father passed over as successor in favour of his son. Tamir then replaces Aladeen with a dimwitted political decoy named Efawadh (Baron Cohen), whom he intends to manipulate into signing a document nominally democratizing Wadiya while opening up the country's oil fields to Chinese and other foreign vested interests. Aladeen escapes after Clayton accidentally kills himself in a botched torture attempt; when his burnt corpse is discovered, Tamir thinks Aladeen has been killed. However, Aladeen is practically unrecognisable as Clayton shaved off his iconic long beard prior to his death. Wandering through New York City, Aladeen encounters Zoey (Anna Faris), a human rights activist who offers him a job at her socially progressive, alternative lifestyle co-op. Aladeen refuses the offer and encounters Nuclear Nadal (Jason Mantzoukas), the former chief of Wadiya's nuclear weapons programme, whom Aladeen thought he had previously executed over an argument about the warhead's shape. Aladeen follows him to New York's Little Wadiya district, which is populated by refugees from his own country, and meets him in Death to Aladeen Restaurant, run by and visited by numerous people whom Aladeen had personally ordered to be executed. Nadal saves Aladeen from nearly being recognised by angry refugees and reveals that rebels infiltrated the secret police, and all the condemned were sent into exile instead of being executed. Nadal agrees to help Aladeen thwart Tamir's plot and regain his position as rightful dictator, on condition that Aladeen makes him head of Wadiya's WMD programme again. Aladeen agrees and accepts Zoey's job offer, as she is catering at the hotel where the signing is to occur. Aladeen grows closer to Zoey after she refuses his sexual advances and teaches him how to masturbate, and eventually falls in love with her after seeing her angry. Turning around Zoey's struggling business, Aladeen begins imposing strict schedules on everyone, forming a personality cult around Zoey and intimidating an inspector into giving the store a good review. However, Aladeen's relationship with Zoey becomes strained after he decides to be honest with her and reveal his true self; she cannot love a man who was so brutal to his own people. After acquiring a new beard taken from a corpse, Aladeen ziplines into the hotel and tells Efawadh he has recovered; (his double being fooled into thinking the Supreme Leader was ill). At the signing ceremony, he tears up Tamir's document in front of the UN delegation, and holds an impassioned speech praising the virtues of dictatorship, drawing unintended parallels to current issues in the United States. However, upon seeing Zoey in the room, he declares his love for her and, knowing Zoey's strongly held views, vows to democratise his country and open up Wadiya's oil fields for business, but in a way where the general populace will benefit. Angry with Aladeen staying in power, Tamir attempts to assassinate him but Efawadh jumps in front of the bullet and survives, as it is his job to be shot in the head. Tamir, afterwards, is arrested. A year later, Wadiya holds its first democratic elections, although they are rigged in favour of Aladeen (who has now added the titles President–Prime Minister to his previous Admiral-General). Afterwards, he marries Zoey, but is shocked when she crushes a glass and reveals herself to be Jewish; throughout the film he was shown vowing to destroy Israel. Scenes during the credits show Aladeen's convoy, now consisting of eco-friendly cars, visiting a reinstated Nadal, and later Zoey revealing in a television interview that she is pregnant with the couple's first child. Aladeen responds to the news by asking if Zoey is having a boy or an abortion. The unrated cut of The Dictator runs an additional fifteen minutes from the original 83-minute theatrical version. Much of the added material is additional sexual content and dialogue. There is a scene following Aladeen falling asleep in the back of the store where one of his bodyguards, Etra, tries to kill him by beating him with her enlarged breasts. Another added scene is Mr. Ogden, the manager of the Lancaster Hotel, talking to Zoey at The Collective and cancelling the catering contract because of Aladeen.
The Matador	American	comedy	Richard Shepard	An encounter in the bar of the Mexico City branch of the Camino Real Hotels, between tired businessman Danny Wright (Greg Kinnear), hoping to land a life-saving contract in Mexico, and jaded, falling-apart-at-the-seams assassin Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan), leads both men into an awkward friendship. Julian is confronting the immorality of his profession and experiencing a mid-life crisis that causes him to freeze on a job; Danny is fearing that a vitally important deal will fall through and cost him his job. After an uncomfortable-at-times conversation, Danny leaves the bar. Julian apologizes and invites him to see a bullfight. During the spectacle, Julian reveals the kind of work he truly does, and when Danny is skeptical, takes Danny through the steps of murdering a portly spectator in the arena bathroom. Danny is shocked at how easily Julian can get within inches of the man, even though Julian ends the tutorial without going through with the murder. Later, while at an outdoor cafe, Julian asks Danny to assist him in facilitating a fatality; Danny flatly refuses and Julian leaves. On leaving the idea seems to be that Julian has had enough of Danny and their friendship has just ended. That evening Julian appears at Danny's hotel room, knocking on the door, pleading to be let in; Julian wants to apologize for attempting to involve Danny in his work. Danny sits within looking undecided, and the scene fades to black without revealing what happened next. There is the sound of glass breaking once the screen goes dark. The film picks up again six months later, during the Christmas season. Danny and his wife, Bean (Hope Davis) are relaxing at their home when Julian arrives, looking for a place to stay. Danny and Bean have reservations about the situation, but decide to let him in. The grateful Julian notices that Danny has framed the ticket from the bullfight, an act that affects Julian profoundly. That night, he shares the real reason for his visit: he needs help with one last job. Julian convinces Danny to go along with the plan because, he tells Danny, you owe me. After much internal struggle and with Danny talking him through it, Julian completes the task at a Tucson horse race track. On the plane back from Tucson, Julian reveals that the man he just killed was his boss. Killing the boss means now Julian can retire and spend the rest of his life in Greece. Danny is surprised, then amused at Julian's craftiness, but is reminded of Julian's lethal personality when he lightly punches Julian in the shoulder and is sternly warned by Julian, Don't ever hit me again. Danny remembers his friend is still a killer and immediately apologizes. A split flashback sequence during the flight home (memories triggered by a statement Danny makes), shows what took place a year prior when Danny let Julian into his hotel room: Julian talked Danny out of commissioning a hit on a rival to win the Mexico City business deal. Later, Danny and Bean are shown visiting the grave of their son, something they do together every year. Julian watches respectfully from a distance, places plane tickets for Greece (his intended place of retirement) on their car windshield, then slips away.
Larry the Cable Guy: Health Inspector	American	comedy	Trent Cooper	Larry is a big city health inspector with questionable practices and his own way of doing things. Larry's boss, Bart Tatlock (Tom Wilson), in an attempt to acquire information on his activities in order to get him fired, assigns Larry a new partner, Amy Butlin (Iris Bahr), a by-the-book professional who takes the job seriously. She tries to learn the ropes of health inspection while putting up with Larry and his personality as well as getting the information Tatlock needs to get Larry fired. As Larry and Amy do their job as city health inspection team, a serial criminal is poisoning four-star restaurants. Trying to avert a panic, and keep the matter of the poisonings under control, Tatlock puts his best people on the job, and not Larry. Larry and Amy are called in on one of the poisonings, but Tatlock forbids them from working on such an important case. Larry and Amy continue to inspect lower-profile restaurants, but the Mayor Maurice T. Gunn (Joe Pantoliano) is tricked into assigning Larry and Amy to the more important poison case, much to Larry and Amy's enthusiasm. Larry and Amy go undercover at one of the restaurants, and obtain a tape recording of a conversation between the Mayor Gunn and Chef Leon, in which the chef clarifies the Gunn's request that the food being prepared by Chef Leon be poisoned. Larry and Amy interrupt the mayor during an interview with their evidence, but the mayor explains that Chef Leon was reacting to the mayor's instruction to put French's mustard on the Gunn's chicken piccata, an act that the insulted Chef Leon viewed as a metaphorical act of poisoning to his life's work. When Larry speaks to Chef Leon over the phone, Chef Leon corroborates this interpretation. As a result, Tatlock fires Larry. Despondent, Larry visits his old friend Big Shug, but ends up alienating him as well. Heading over to his romantic interest, Jane's (Megyn Price) house, Larry sees she and her mother (Lisa Lampanelli) are enjoying a friendly social visit by the mayor. Feeling as if his life has hit rock bottom, Larry resolves to solve the poisoning crimes. He confronts Mayor Gunn, who reveals that Lilly Michelli (Joanna Cassidy), the owner of Micelli's restaurant, had him make sure that Larry was assigned to the poisonings case. Larry and Amy realize that Michelli did this so to ensure that case was investigated incompetently, as she is the one behind the poisonings. At a taping of the television cook-off show, Top Chef, Larry and Amy expose Michelli's culpability and arrest her, and are vindicated.
The Terminal	American	comedy	Steven Spielberg	Viktor Navorski, a traveler from the nation of Krakozhia, arrives at New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport, only to find that his passport is suddenly no longer valid. The United States no longer recognizes Krakozhia as a sovereign nation after the outbreak of a civil war, and Viktor is not permitted to either enter the country or return home as he is now stateless. Because of this, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection seizes his passport and airline ticket. With no other choice, Navorski settles in at the terminal with only his luggage and a peanut can, much to the frustration of Frank Dixon, the temporary customs director for the airport. Dixon is being considered for a promotion and becomes obsessed with getting rid of Navorski. Meanwhile, Navorski befriends and helps airport employees and travelers. Among them, a flight attendant named Amelia Warren, whom he sees periodically and tries to woo, presenting himself as a building contractor who is frequently traveling. Navorski had been hired by an airport contractor and paid under the table after he impulsively remodeled a wall at a gate that was scheduled for future renovation. One day, Dixon pulls Amelia aside and questions whether she knows Navorski's true situation. Amelia confronts Navorski at his makeshift home, where he shows her that the peanut can contains a copy of the photograph A Great Day in Harlem. His late father was a jazz enthusiast who had discovered the famous portrait in a Hungarian newspaper in 1958, and vowed to collect the autographs of all 57 of the musicians featured on it. He died before he could get the last one, from tenor saxophonist Benny Golson. Navorski has come to New York to do so. After hearing the story, Amelia kisses Navorski. After nine months, Navorski friends wake him with the news that the war in Krakozhia has ended. Amelia also asked her friend—actually a married government official with whom she had been having an affair—to get Navorski a one-day emergency visa to fulfill his dream, but Viktor is disappointed to learn she has renewed her relationship with the man during this process. Moreover, Navorski finds out that Dixon must sign the visa. Seizing the opportunity, Dixon threatens to cause trouble for Navorski's friends, most seriously by deporting janitor Gupta back to India, where he is wanted for attempted murder. Unwilling to let this happen, Navorski finally agrees to go home to Krakozhia. When Gupta learns of this, however, he runs in front of the plane as it taxies to the terminal, resulting in his deportation, effectively taking the burden off Navorski. The delay gives Navorski enough time to go into the city. Dixon, watching Navorski leave the airport, decides not to pursue him. Navorski arrives in New York at the hotel where Benny Golson is performing and finally collects the last autograph. Then he gets in a taxi, telling the driver, I am going home.
Hating Alison Ashley	Australian	comedy	Geoff Bennett	The film stars Saskia Burmeister, as Erica Yuk Yurken, an adolescent brunette who fantasises about a better life and stardom; and Delta Goodrem as her school rival Alison Ashley. At school, Erica is not very popular. She sits alone in class, but when Alison arrives, it all changes. Erica at first is desperate to be Alison's friend but soon changes her mind, and they then become rivals. However, when a school camp comes up, Erica realises Alison doesn't have the perfect life as she imagined.
The Mad Hatters	British	comedy	Ivar Campbell	After opening a hat shop together, two men fall in love with a French woman living next door.
The Mouse That Roared	British	comedy	Jack Arnold	The minuscule European Duchy of Grand Fenwick is bankrupted when an American company comes up with a cheaper imitation of Fenwick's sole export, its fabled Pinot Grand Fenwick wine. Crafty prime minister Count Mountjoy (Peter Sellers) devises a plan: Grand Fenwick will declare war on the United States, then surrender, taking advantage of American largesse toward its defeated enemies to rebuild the defeated nation's economy. Grand Duchess Gloriana (also Sellers) is hesitant but agrees to the plan. Mild-mannered game warden Tully Bascomb (also Sellers) is charged as Field Marshal to lead the Fenwick troops, aided by Sergeant Will Buckley (William Hartnell). The contingent of 20 soldiers in medieval chain mail books passage across the Atlantic on a small merchant ship, arriving in New York Harbor during an air-raid drill that leaves the city deserted and undefended. They chance upon a civil defence truck and are mistaken for invading Martians, prompting an investigation by blustering but ineffectual General Snippet (MacDonald Parke). Puncturing the tyres of the general's jeep with their bows and arrows, the Fenwick troops take him and four NYPD officers hostage. Still looking for a place to surrender, Tully and Will stumble across Dr. Alfred Kokintz (David Kossoff), whose invention of the Q Bomb – capable of destroying an entire continent – has prompted the defense drills. He has built a football-sized prototype of the unstable bomb, which Tully takes possession of. With Kokintz and his attractive daughter Helen (Jean Seberg) as additional hostages, Tully declares victory and returns with them to Grand Fenwick. The duchess indulges Tully's victory, and the prime minister resigns in disgust at Tully's blunder, leaving him as acting prime minister. When the incident is discovered, the U.S. government is thwarted from retaking the weapon and hostages by force, fearing the dishonor of attacking such a small and defenseless nation. Instead, they send the U.S. Secretary of Defense (Austin Willis) to discuss terms of surrender and get back the bomb. Meanwhile, Grand Fenwick receives competing offers of defensive aid from each of the world's powers, in exchange for the weapon. Tully becomes smitten with Helen, who initially despises him for taking them but falls for his simple charm. Then Snippet and Mountjoy conspire to steal the bomb and return it (and Helen) to America, but Tully gives chase and retrieves it. The Secretary of Defense and Tully agree to terms: the knock-off wine will be taken off the market, Grand Fenwick will receive monetary aid from the US, Helen and her father will remain in Grand Fenwick, and so will the bomb: held by the little countries of the world as a weapon of last resort if the superpowers refuse to disarm. Checking the bomb for damage, Tully, Helen, and Dr. Kokintz find it was a dud all along, and leave it in the dungeon, conspiring to keep its impotence secret. However, after they leave, a mouse emerges from it, and it appears to rearm, sitting ready to explode if disturbed.
Keep Your Seats, Please	British	comedy	Monty Banks	George Withers learns he is supposed to inherit some valuable jewels from his aunt, and enlists the aid of his dubious lawyer to ensure he gets them. It transpires the stones are hidden in the lining of one of six antique chairs, and his aunt has left instructions for her nephew to purchase the chairs at auction. But unfortunately they are sold separately, as he arrives too late to bid.[2][3]
Poster Boys	Bollywood	comedy	Shreyas Talpade	The world turns upside down for three men, Vinay Sharma (Bobby Deol), Arjun Singh (Shreyas Talpade) and Jaagavar Chaudhary (Sunny Deol),when they find their pictures on a poster promoting 'nasbandi' (vasectomy). And after that starts their journey of getting humiliated by their families and society; rebelling against the system which landed them in this confusing mess in the first place.
Out of the Blue	British	comedy	Gene Gerrard	Impoverished aristocrat's daughter Tommy Tucker (Jessie Matthews) is in love with radio announcer Bill Coverdale (Gene Gerrard), but he is engaged to her more glamorous sister Angela (Kay Hammond), who he does not love. Seeking escape from this hopeless situation, and her life of genteel poverty, Tommy flees abroad to Biarritz to become a nightclub singer.
Gayby	American	comedy	Jonathan Lisecki	Jenn (played by Jenn Harris), a yoga instructor, and Matt (played by Matthew Wilkas), a comic book store worker, are best friends from college who are now single and in their 30s. In agreement with a pact they made in their youth, the two decide to have a baby (gayby) together, even though Jenn is straight and Matt is gay. Jenn's grandmother set her up with a trust fund if she ever had a child, so Jenn is confident that she and Matt will have the finances to have one. However, Jenn states that she wants to have a baby through natural conception, so the two begin awkwardly having sex. Meanwhile, Jenn is concerned with the stunted life she is living, treated as an underling at her yoga studio. Matt is recovering from a devastating break up with his partner of six years, Tom, who is a rising comic book publisher. Matt finds difficulty in getting back into the dating game and finds himself constantly avoiding awkward run-ins with Tom. The two friends resolve to reinvigorate their dating lives and achieve their longterm goals—Jenn pushes the idea of innovative warm yoga classes at her studio, while Matt works on his own comic book, Gayby—about the adventures of a heroic gay baby—to pitch to a distributor. Both receive advice from friends about their goals and the pregnancy attempts—Jenn from her gay co-worker Jamie and her aggressive sister, Kelly, who is in the process of adopting a child, and Matt from his dry-witted friend Nelson, who helps them with their fertility treatments, having been a surrogate father himself. After dating around, Jenn has a one-off night of passionate sex with her boss's brother, Louis. Meanwhile, Matt meets a divorced, newly out, gay father, Scott, who buys comic books at his store. The two begin a relationship, but Matt is frustrated at how slowly Scott wishes to proceed. Jenn and Matt are later thrilled when they learn Jenn is finally pregnant. While talking with Louis, Jenn is furious to learn that Louis has a girlfriend and that he cheated on her with Jenn. In trying to defend himself, Louis reveals that their condoms broke during sex, but that he thought Jenn knew and was okay with it. Jenn is devastated by the possibility that the child may not be Matt's after all. Her boss, upon learning that her brother cheated on his girlfriend again with Jenn, angrily asks her to take a leave of absence from the yoga studio. While attending Matt's birthday party, Jenn hesitantly reveals that the child might be Louis's, which devastates Matt. He asks Jenn to return his apartment key and refuses to speak to her. Falling into a depression, Jenn is visited by Kelly, who tells her that her adoption process failed. She instead offers to raise Jenn's baby, arguing that Jenn is not fit—either in lifestyle or career—to raise a child on her own, and will block the trust fund if necessary. Jenn is taken aback and exclaims that she will be able to raise the child and give it a great life, even if Matt never forgives her and she is forced to raise it alone. Satisfied that Jenn has what it takes, Kelly reveals that the adoption went through and that her offer was a ruse to bolster her sister's conviction. Jenn returns to work and offers to buy into the yoga studio with some of her trust fund money, securing her future with the studio and furthering her career. Enticed by the opportunity to split the responsibility of studio ownership with someone and seeing that Jenn's warm yoga has become an immense hit, her boss accepts, and they both agree to restart their friendship. Nelson reads over Matt's comic and convinces him that it is worth submitting to a publisher. Matt finds closure with Tom by finally speaking with him and asking him if he would pass his proposal up to one of his superiors. Tom happily agrees, stating that he is pleased to see Matt is doing better. Though he is excited about this development, Matt is still depressed that the child may not be his. Nelson tells him that even if the child isn't his biologically, it is still his child because he and Jenn wanted to have it together. That it has a loving family is what's most important. Jenn arrives at the comic book store to ask for Matt's forgiveness, and offers to raise the child with him one last time. Though silent at first, Matt relents and the two make up, preparing for the baby's arrival. One year later, Matt's comic book is a success and he has furthered his relationship with Scott, who enthusiastically helps care for the baby. Jenn has begun a relationship with one of Matt's straight co-workers and stops by Matt and Scott's place to give them the night off of baby-duty. It is then that Scott tells Jenn of his plan to secretly propose to Matt that evening. After Matt and Scott leave, Jenn cuddles with the baby and says, You sure do look like your father, leaving the true identity of the baby's father unknown.
Take Me Home Tonight	American	comedy	Michael Dowse	The film is set in 1988 Los Angeles. Matt Franklin is a recent MIT graduate who works at a Suncoast Video store while trying to figure out what he wants to do with his life, something that his police officer father has grown impatient with. While working one day, Matt's high school crush, Tori Frederking walks into the store. After pretending that he doesn't work there and saying that he works at Goldman Sachs in an effort to impress her, Tori invites Matt to a Labor Day party, hosted by Matt's twin sister Wendy's boyfriend, Kyle Masterson, at his hillside home. Later that night, Matt, Wendy, and Matt's best friend, Barry Nathan (Dan Fogler), head to the party. On the drive over, Barry steals a brand new Mercedes-Benz convertible from the car dealership he got fired from earlier that day, justifying his actions by saying that Matt needs the convertible if he really wants to impress Tori. The trio arrive at the party. While there, Matt catches up with an old classmate (who actually works at Goldman Sachs) and then awkwardly tries to woo Tori. Barry snorts some cocaine he found in the glove box of the stolen convertible and gets involved in a dance-off, and Wendy's boyfriend proposes to her in front of everyone at the party. She says yes, upsetting Matt, who doesn't think that Kyle will support her in her dream to attend graduate school at the University of Cambridge. Tori eventually invites Matt and Barry to another party her boss is hosting in Beverly Hills. Matt takes Tori there in the Mercedes, while Barry rides with her two friends in another car, using the cocaine as an enticement to let him go along. Barry has a wild sexual encounter with an older woman while Matt and Tori continue to mingle with each other, after Matt's successful 'put down' of Tori's boss, a habitual sexual harasser. They leave the party to go into a neighbor's backyard where they jump on a trampoline, play truth or dare, and end up having sex. Meanwhile, Wendy shares her unopened admissions letter from Cambridge with Kyle, and it is revealed that she was not accepted. Kyle is visibly relieved, while Wendy is visibly upset. Matt confesses to Tori that he doesn't actually work at Goldman Sachs. Tori gets extremely upset at his deception and storms off, back to her boss's party, leaving Matt guilt-ridden. Matt finds Barry there and they leave the party, and Matt tells Barry about how he told Tori the truth about his job. Barry patronizes him for not trying to have just one night of enjoyment and attempts to lighten the mood by offering Matt a line of cocaine, despite him driving. Matt, feeling vulnerable, attempts to snort the cocaine, but ends up driving the convertible off the road and into a ditch. A police cruiser soon arrives, and it turns out to be Matt's dad and his police partner. Already disappointed with Matt's unwillingness to choose a career path, Mr. Franklin damages the convertible even more as a means of coercing Matt to get a better job in order to pay off the damages. He takes Matt and Barry into custody, but lets them off in the neighborhood with a warning. Matt apologizes to his dad for being such a failure, to which his dad replies that because he's never even tried to succeed, he's actually less than a failure. Then, in a less condescending tone, he encourages Matt to take a shot at anything in life. Knowing Tori has left her car at the party, Matt and Barry make their way back there, where bets are being placed on who will ride the ball, a giant, steel sphere that someone enters and rides as it's rolled down a hill (something Matt's dad has stated that nobody has done since he himself was a kid). Matt finds Tori at the party and tries to apologize, but Tori is unwilling to forgive him. Feeling he has nothing to lose, Matt volunteers to ride the ball. When he does the ball rolls downhill uncontrollably, hitting several parked cars and eventually flying off an embankment before landing in a backyard swimming pool. Matt almost drowns as the ball sinks, but manages to escape just in time. Barry rushes to the scene and walks with Matt back toward the party, meeting up with Wendy and Tori, who are elated to discover he wasn't killed. Matt apologizes to Tori, and she forgives him after playing a little hard-to-get and then gives him her phone number. All four return to the party, which is beginning to wind down as dawn approaches. All who are still there 'whoop' it up at Matt's successful return. Wendy, after realizing Matt was right all along, ends the engagement and breaks up with Kyle, who experiences a crying breakdown. Pondering his future with a Goth-type girl he met at the party, Barry is told by her that maybe he should go to college. Outside, as she leaves the party, Matt boldly kisses Tori goodbye. Matt's dad is shown investigating the scene where the steel ball was found. He finds Matt's Suncoast Video name tag floating in the pool, and smirks proudly. Barry staggers out of the party house, now in a shambles, to meet up with Wendy and Matt, who asks Who wants breakfast?, and the three leave together as the sun is rising.
Life of Crime	American	comedy	Daniel Schechter	In Detroit in 1978, stoic socialite Mickey Dawson becomes the target of an ill-planned kidnapping plot by a pair of fumbling ex-cons, Ordell Robbie and Louis Gara, looking for a get-rich-quick scheme. However, things become complicated for the duo when her wealthy husband, Frank, refuses to pay the ransom, as he is on the cusp of filing for divorce to make way for his mistress, Melanie Ralston. The two kidnappers have to figure out how to quickly turn the tables before their time runs out.
The Black Sheep of Whitehall	British	comedy	Basil Dearden	When he is forced to vacate the office of his debt-ridden correspondence college, 'Professor' Will Davis (Will Hay) goes to the Ministry of International Commerce at Whitehall in order to confront his one-and-only student, PR man Bobby Jessop (John Mills). To get Davis off his back, Jessop proposes to get him a job at Whitehall. Jessop then leaves in order to fetch a Professor Davys at the railway station. The professor is a leading economist who has returned from a long stay in South America in order to advise the British government on a trade treaty with the South American nations, which could be crucial to Britain's war effort. The clueless Davis is mistaken for the expert and gets involved in a series of interviews, giving answers based on gambling, con jobs, double entendres or just plain ignorance. These scenes are very funny and are made more so by the reactions of an increasingly incredulous Joss Ambler as government minister 'Sir John'. Jessop later returns with 'Professor Davys' and the confusion is sorted out, though it has left the BBC interviewers in a state of mental collapse. Jessop then discovers that the man he brought with him is in fact Crabtree (Felix Aylmer), a member of a group of fifth columnists working for Nazi Germany. Jessop promises Davis a job if he will help him track down the real Professor Davys (Henry Hewitt), who is being held in a safe house by Crabtree's associates. Assuming a number of disguises, Davis and Jessop set off to foil the plot before the treaty is compromised.
Thank You for Smoking	American	comedy	Jason Reitman	Nick Naylor is a handsome, smooth-talking tobacco lobbyist and the vice-president of a tobacco lobby called the Academy of Tobacco Studies, which for 15 years has been researching the link between tobacco smoking and lung cancer. They claim that their research—funded primarily by tobacco companies—has found no definitive evidence of any linkage. Naylor's job consists mainly of reporting the questionable research of the Academy to the public and defending Big Tobacco on television programs by questioning opposing health claims and advocating personal choice. Naylor and his friends, firearm lobbyist Bobby Jay Bliss and alcohol lobbyist Polly Bailey, meet every week and jokingly call themselves the Merchants of Death or The MOD Squad. As anti-tobacco campaigns mount and numbers of young smokers decline, Naylor suggests that product placement of cigarettes could once again boost cigarette sales. Naylor's boss, BR, sends Naylor to Los Angeles to bargain for cigarette placement in upcoming movies. Naylor takes along his young son, Joey, in hopes of bonding with him. The next day, Naylor is sent to meet with Lorne Lutch, the cancer-stricken man who once played the Marlboro Man in cigarette ads and is now campaigning against cigarettes. As his son watches, Naylor successfully offers Lutch a suitcase of money for his silence. During the drive back, Nick and Joey discuss the beauty of argument. Senator Finistirre, one of Naylor's most vehement critics, is the promoter of a bill to add a skull and crossbones POISON warning to cigarette packaging. During a televised debate with Finistirre, Naylor receives a death threat from a caller. Despite the threat, Naylor still plans to appear before a U.S. Senate committee to fight Finistirre's bill. Naylor is then kidnapped and covered in nicotine patches. Awakening in a hospital, he learns that the very high nicotine tolerance level resulting from his smoking has saved him from death by nicotine poisoning, but now he is hypersensitive to nicotine and can never smoke again. Meanwhile, Naylor has been seduced by a young reporter named Heather Holloway. During their steamy fling, the besotted Naylor tells Holloway all about his life and career—information that she happily publishes in an exposé that appears just after the kidnapping. Her article relentlessly criticizes Naylor and his work, exposing Lutch's bribe, the product-placement scheme, and the MOD squad. It accuses Naylor of training his son Joey to follow his amoral example. All public sympathy due to Naylor's kidnapping evaporates, and Naylor is fired by BR. Naylor falls into depression until Joey helps him recall the integrity in his job of defending corporations that almost no one feels deserve a defense. Rejuvenated, Naylor tells the press about his affair with Holloway and promises to clear the names of everyone mentioned in her article. He also declares that he will still appear before the Senate committee. At the hearing, Naylor admits to the dangers of smoking but argues that public awareness is already high enough without extra warnings. He emphasizes consumer choice and responsibility and, to the dismay of Senator Finistirre, claims that if tobacco companies are guilty of tobacco-related deaths, then perhaps Finistirre's state of Vermont, as a major cheese producer, is likewise guilty of cholesterol-related deaths. BR congratulates Naylor on the speech and offers him his old job but Naylor has a change of heart. Seeing Big Tobacco settling claims of liability, Naylor remarks that he has left just in time. He also mentions Heather was humiliated upon being terminated by the paper for her article and is working as a weather reporter on a local news station. Naylor supports his son's newfound interest in debating and opens a private lobbying firm. The MOD squad continues to meet with new members that represent the fast-food, oil, and biohazard industries. As he consults cellphone industry representatives concerned about claims that cellphones cause brain cancer, he narrates: Michael Jordan plays ball. Charles Manson kills people. I talk. Everyone has a talent.
You Don't Mess with the Zohan	American	comedy	Dennis Dugan	Zohan Dvir (Adam Sandler) is a superhuman Israeli counter-terrorist, but a barbecue he hosts is interrupted by the IDF sending him to stop a Palestinian terrorist group led by his personal arch-enemy, Fatoush Phantom Hakbarah (John Turturro), another superhuman. Seeing it as an long-awated chance, he fakes his own death during the pursuit and smuggles himself onto a plane to New York City, cuts his hair, and adopts the alias Scrappy Coco. Zohan's military expertise makes Michael (Nick Swardson) give him stay. However, Michael starts to lose comfort in Zohan when he finds him sleeping with his mother, Gail (Lainie Kazan). Zohan encounters a fellow Israeli named Oori (Ido Mosseri), who owns an electronics store, at a disco; he recognizes Zohan but vows to keep his identity a secret. Zohan attempts to gain a job, but Oori turns him down, informing him that several workers had dreams of their own, but got used to the lifestyle of the store, and Oori's reason to turn Zohan down is that he respects his dream too much to let Zohan kill his own dream, which Zohan commends him for. Oori takes him to an area in lower Manhattan populated with Middle Eastern immigrants, who are split between a Palestinian side and an Israeli side of the street. Zohan is fearful at first, but after Oori informs him of Phantom's success (and following a memory of a mercenary cutting his hand off, but he telekinetically controls it and stabs the mercenary in the back, and drinking a Fizzy Bubblech drink afterwards), Zohan attempts to land a job in a struggling salon of a Palestinian woman named Dalia (Emmanuelle Chriqui). Dalia reluctantly allows Zohan to sweep floors for free, but after losing one of her employees (and an apparent attempt at suicide), she eventually allows him to be a stylist after he pleases a senior lady with an exceptional haircut and back room sexual service. Zohan's reputation spreads rapidly among the more elderly women of lower Manhattan, causing Dalia's business to prosper, which upsets Grant Walbridge (Michael Buffer), a corporate magnate who has been trying to buy out all the local tenants on the block so that he can build a rollercoaster mall. Zohan is identified by a Palestinian cab driver named Salim (Rob Schneider), who bears a grudge against Zohan for having taken his goat away in Palestine long ago because Salim spat on him. Salim convinces his friends, Hamdi and Nasi, to help him kill Zohan, but after two failed attempts to contact another terrorist through a customer service line, and a failed bomb attempt (in which they confuse 12 boxes of Neosporin for nitroglycerine, thanks to Salim mispronouncing the word), they are forced to contact Phantom. Salim attempts to blackmail Phantom, but he ends up getting the stiff end of the deal as he convinces Phantom to visit New York to find Zohan. Meanwhile, after Zohan takes Michael's shift for a community nightwatch and takes out a series of graffiti artists, which frustrates Walbridge even further, he realizes that he has fallen in love with Dalia and comes clean to Michael and his mother about his true identity (after learning of Phantom's visit, even though Michael had apparently figured that out already) before meeting Dalia. Dalia rejects Zohan after he reveals he was formerly an Israeli counterterrorist operative. Zohan decides to leave Dalia to protect her, though she gives him a Paul Mitchell book as a leaving gift, and confront Phantom in a championship Hacky Sack game sponsored by Walbridge. After Phantom meets with Mariah Carey, Zohan arrives and reluctantly begins to fight Phantom. Zohan's fight is cut short with sudden news of the Middle Eastern block being attacked, and he quickly leaves, shortly after discussing his plans with Michael and an undercover agent. Zohan arrives and calms the Israelis and Palestinians, who each blame the other for the violence, while making peace with Salim. Phantom then appears and confronts Zohan, but Zohan refuses to fight. Dalia appears, revealing that she is Phantom's sister, and convinces her brother to cooperate with Zohan against the arsonists, revealed to be racist rednecks hired by Walbridge to instigate an interethnic riot so he can get his new mall in the aftermath. As Zohan and Phantom work to save the block (both by kicking combat, and by singing The Sound, a sound so loud, it destroys many shop windows, blows the manhole cover, and even blows up the artificial breasts of Walbridge's girlfriend), Phantom admits that he always wanted to be a shoe salesman rather than a terrorist. Although the rednecks are defeated (with the lead one in a humiliating way) and Walbridge is jailed (since the methods he used were far from legal), Phantom continues singing The Sound and accidentally destroys all of the shops on the block. However, with the Israelis and Palestinians united (and rekindled, in the case of Zohan and Salim), the block is transformed into a collectively owned mall called the Peace and Brotherhood Fire Insurance Mall. Phantom opens a shoe shop in the mall called Fatoush's Kickin' Shoes (having stopped being embarrassed about his first name, and having apparently closed the muchentuchen restaurant chain), Oori reopens his Going Out of Business electronics shop, Salim gets back his goat, which he gives small children rides on next to a baby shop, and Zohan and Dalia open a beauty salon together called Dalohan (which is presumably their ship name), with Zohan having now married Dalia. In the end, Zohan's parents, initially unsupportive of his dream to be a hairdresser, show up, approving of his new job and lifestyle before his father requests that he cut his hair, which Zohan happily does.
Dirty Grandpa	American	comedy	Dan Mazer	Jason Kelly is a lawyer who works for his father. Jason's grandmother dies, and after the funeral, his Army veteran grandfather, Dick, asks Jason to drive him to Boca Raton, Florida. Jason is getting married to his controlling fiancée, Meredith, in one week, but decides to take his grandfather anyway. On the way there, the two meet Jason's old photography classmate, Shadia, along with her friends Lenore and Bradley. Dick and Lenore are instantly attracted to each other. Dick tells the girls that he is a professor and that Jason is a photographer. They all go their separate ways, but Dick convinces Jason that they should meet the girls at Daytona Beach, Florida, because Dick wants to have sex with Lenore. The two go to a golf course, where Dick flirts with two women. At Daytona Beach, they meet up with the girls and the girls' friends, Cody and Brah, with whom they compete in beer chugging. That night, a drunk Jason, wearing nothing but a Hornet fanny pack, parties and smokes crack cocaine that he gets from a drug dealer named Pam. He steals a motorcycle and wakes up the next day on the beach. During an awkward FaceTime with Meredith, a boy grabs the fanny pack and takes it off; his father suspects Jason of being a pervert and calls the police, who promptly arrest Jason. Dick bails him out, and the two visit Dick's old Army friend in a nursing home. They meet the girls again and enter a flexing contest with Cody and Brah; when they lose, Dick alters a T-shirt cannon to fire a beer can at the winning duo, hospitalizing them and stay at their place. After Dick reveals to Jason that he was a member of the Special Forces, the two go to a nightclub with the girls. Dick gets into a fight with some men after they bully Bradley for his homosexuality. The next day, Jason goes to a protest with Shadia and she tells him that she is leaving soon and going to live on a ship for a year. That night, Jason plans on telling Shadia who he really is, but before he can, Cody does an online search on him and tells Shadia that Jason is already engaged. Jason then gets caught with drugs and is thrown into jail again. The next day, Dick bails him out and tells Jason that his real reason for the trip was to convince Jason not to go through with the wedding. Jason leaves Dick and drives back home. During his wedding rehearsal, Dick hacks into the computer system, revealing embarrassing photos of Jason during the party. Jason says that he cannot marry Meredith, who reveals that she had an affair. He, Dick, and Pam use Pam's ice cream truck to catch up with the bus that Shadia is on as she is leaving. Jason and Shadia kiss, and he gets on the bus with her. Dick goes to his house in Boca Raton and finds Lenore there waiting for him, and they have sex. Dick and Lenore get married and have a baby, and Jason and Shadia are named the godparents.
Manhattan Madness	American	comedy	Allan Dwan	Robbers steal the Koor-Hal Ruby, killing four in the process, and elude the police. Newspaper managing editor Phil Bane sends for conceited crime writer/criminologist George Melville to write stories and boost his circulation. Melville claims the crime was masterminded by Andre Berlea, a man thought to have died four years before. He predicts to reporters that Berlea will next steal the Sunburst Diamond and kill the only witness, a butler, to the ruby theft. Seconds later, they receive news that a butler has been murdered. On his way to see Bane, Melville is about to give a female panhandler some money when he is distracted by a car accident. The woman takes the opportunity to steal his wallet. He follows her to a beauty salon. When she emerges, after a complete makeover, she begs him not to do anything until after 8 o'clock. Over dinner, she explains that she ran away from her cruel husband with another man, from whom she later separated. Her ex-husband is finally letting her see her daughter, who turned four that day, and she needed the money to make herself presentable. They drive to a fancy mansion. Mrs. Northrop faints when she is shown a coffin; Mr. Northrop explains that the child died two days before. However, all is not as it seems. It turns out to be an elaborate practical joke on Melville concocted by the reporters; one of them is writing a play, Fury's Road, and Claire Peyton (Mrs. Northrop) is the star. Mr. Northrop was played by the producer, Blackton Gregory. Minutes later, they learn that a famous painting has been stolen from next door. Gregory savors his latest acquisition in secret. When a henchman suggests getting rid of Melville, Gregory turns him down. Having found a worthy foe, he will not do something so crude. He goes to see Melville and hires him to help with the play. He asks why Melville is so sure that Berlea is alive. Melville explains that he believes that Berlea has a compulsion to own beautiful things. Before he died, he tried to buy three such objects, but was turned down. Now two of them have been stolen. Melville predicts that the third, the Starburst Diamond, will be purloined on Saturday at 11 pm. Bane has faith in him and keeps his staff after hours and notifies the authorities, who set up a stakeout at the bank where the jewel is stored. When the deadline passes without anything happening, Bane fires Melville. Melville agrees to go to Gregory's retreat for a rest. Gregory's men have dug a tunnel between the theater where the play, set on the front lines of World War I, will be performed and the bank. At the premiere, when mock explosions and firing are set off in a battle scene, they blast their way into the vault. When Peyton discovers the theft, she fears for Melville's life. However, Melville has been one step ahead of his nemesis, and later that night captures Gregory/Berlea. Furious at being fooled, she makes her own prediction: to make him suffer for the rest of his life ... by marrying him.
Settai	Tamil	comedy	R. Kannan	Journalist Jayaganthan aka J.K. Boss (Arya), photographer Nagaraj (N. Santhanam) and Cheenu (Premgi Amaren) are roommates leading an unkempt and debt-ridden life in a shoddy apartment. J.K.'s ditsy fiancée, Madhumita (Hansika Motwani), is an air hostess who agrees to deliver a package for Richard (Ashwin Mushran) to Somayajulu (Nassar), without realizing its contents or that Somayajulu is a gangster. Madhumita asks J.K. to deliver the package. J.K., in turn, asks Nagaraj to do so. But Nagaraj is unable to do so as he is experiencing diarrhoea after eating Ileana Chicken from a roadside eatery. Nagaraj hands Madhumita's package to Cheenu for delivery to Somayajulu, along with a package containing his stool sample for delivery to Nagaraj's doctor. Cheenu mixes up the two packages which makes Somayajulu furious and he starts the investigation by interrogating Vladimir. Meanwhile, Nagaraj photographs his landlord with a prostitute. He sends an envelope with the photographs to his landlord to blackmail him. J.K. is with Madhumita, and his colleague Shakthi (Anjali) calls him on the pretext of work. When he reaches the place, he realizes that it is just a party and Shakthi called him just to have fun. Rajeev, who was supposed to be Shakthi's husband, sees them together and gives J.K. a black-eye in a fit of jealousy. J.K. retaliates and knocks Rajeev out. As J.K. and Shakthi leave, they are chased by a furious Rajeev and his friends who shoot at them. The duo barely manages to escape. Richard informs Somayajulu that the mix-up must have been caused by Madhumita as she didn't know what she was carrying in the package. Somayajulu calls Madhumita, informs her about the mix-up and asks her to give him the address of the person who had delivered the package. When J.K. arrives into his apartment, he walks into Somayajulu, who has Cheenu standing on a stool with a noose around his neck. On a very hard interrogation, Somayajulu discovers the mix-up and realizes that the package must be with Nagaraj's doctor. Nagaraj gets the package from his doctor's office, where in Somayajulu finds his thirty diamonds hidden inside. Upon recovering his booty, he orders his henchmen to kill the three roommates. One of them is about to shoot J.K., when another kicks the stool on which Cheenu was standing to hang him. Luckily for the roommates, the ceiling of the apartment caves in, since it can't take Cheenu's weight. The cave-in injures and knocks-out Somayajulu and his men. J.K., Cheenu and Nagaraj escape along with the diamonds and spend the night at Shakthi's place. The next day they sell the diamonds to a local jewellery store. As the roommates prepare to get out of town with the money, they get a call from Somayajulu, who has kidnapped Madhumita. He threatens to kill her, if they don't return the diamonds. The trio, try to buy back the diamonds from the jewelry store, who demands a double payment for the sale amount. Without the money, J.K. comes up with a plan. Nagaraj, Cheenu, J.K. and Shakthi disguise themselves as a couple of burglars and go back to the jewelry store. They con the owner, gag him and forcefully take back their diamonds and return his money. They make their get-away in J.K.'s car with the police on their tail and make their way to the hotel where Somayajulu is holding Madhumita. As they are about to make the exchange with Somayajulu, the police arrive at the hotel room. There is a shoot-out between the police and Somayajulu's gang. Nagaraj, Cheenu, J.K and Madhumitha, who have hit the floor during the gunfight, are left as the only sole survivors. Shakthi is upset to learn about J.K.'s engagement and walks away from him. J.K. breaks off his engagement to Madhumitha. Later, it is revealed that Nagaraj did not return the cash to the jewellery store owner, and had kept the money for himself. The film ends when Shakthi comes to the roommates' apartment to return J.K.'s car's hubcap lost while escaping from Rajeev. J.K. jumps into her car through the open window and kisses her passionately.
Two Crowded Hours	British	comedy	Michael Powell	A murderer is on the run from prison and is out to get everyone, especially the girl (Jane Welsh), who put him there. The detective (John Longden) gives chase with the help of a London cabbie (Jerry Verno) who has aspirations of becoming a policeman himself.
Bewitched	American	comedy	Nora Ephron	Jack Wyatt is a narcissistic actor who is approached to play the role of Darrin in a remake of the 1960s sitcom Bewitched, but insists that an unknown play Samantha. Isabel Bigelow is an actual witch who decides she wants to be normal and moves to Los Angeles to start a new life and becomes friends with her neighbor Maria. She goes to a bookstore to learn how to get a job after seeing an advertisement of Ed McMahon on television. Jack happens to be at the same bookstore after attending some failed Samantha auditions. Jack spots Isabel and persuades her to audition. At the same time, while she's trying to settle into her new life, Isabel's intrusive father Nigel keeps appearing to convince her to return home, despite several rejections from Isabel. After Isabel impresses the show's producers and writers, Jack finally convinces Isabel to join the show. Also joining the show is legendary actress Iris Smythson as Endora. After a successful taping of the pilot, Isabel happens to overhear a conversation Jack is having with his agent Ritchie. They are talking about how they tricked Isabel to appear without having any lines. Furious, Isabel storms off with Maria and new friend Nina close behind. She decides she only has three choices: quit, get mad, or live with it. Instead, Isabel's Aunt Clara visits and aids Isabel in casting a spell on Jack in order to make him fall in love with her. At the same time, Nigel is introduced to Iris and becomes infatuated with her. The hex works and Jack becomes love struck by Isabel, insisting on several script changes to give her some dialogue and jokes, ignoring statements from test groups preferring Isabel over him. Jack's affection for Isabel grows and he asks her out on a date, making Isabel forget about the hex. But when he brings her home, she remembers and reverses it back to when she and Aunt Clara cast it. The next day, rather than the events the hex presented, Jack is outraged by the scores he received and takes his anger out on Isabel, who lashes back at him. Ritchie fires her, and she storms off. Rather than be angry at her, Jack is fascinated with Isabel and chases after her, accepting all her comments. After another taping (with Isabel getting dialogue), their romance blossoms. But the next day, Jack's former wife Sheila arrives, determined to woo Jack back. Isabel sees this and casts a spell on her making her sign the divorce papers and have her decide to move to Iceland. Jack, thrilled, announces he will be throwing a party at his house celebrating the divorce. Nigel attends the party with Iris and when Nigel begins flirting with much younger guests, Iris reveals that she is also a witch and casts a spell on each girl. When Jack makes a toast stating truth will be revealed with everyone, Isabel decides to tell Jack she's a witch. At first thinking she's simply an amateur magician, Jack officially believes her when she levitates him with her broom. Jack becomes frightened and shoos her away with a stick. Offended, Isabel flies off. Jack takes this hard, being brought to the studios by the police and becoming disenchanted with the project. Isabel decides to return home as she no longer wishes to stay. Jack, imagining himself on the Conan O'Brien Show, is visited by Uncle Arthur. Arthur convinces Jack not to let Isabel leave, because Jack still loves her and wouldn't be able to return for 100 years (which is later proven to be a lie Arthur made up to inspire Jack). Arthur drives him to the studio where he finds Isabel at the set. Jack apologizes to her and tells her he wants to marry her. They do and move into their new neighborhood (which resembles the neighborhood in the series, with the Kravitzes living right across the street).
A Good Old Fashioned Orgy	American	comedy	Alex Gregory & Peter Huyck	Eric (Jason Sudeikis) is a perpetual adolescent who lives to party, holding lavish theme-events with his friends using his father's large house in the Hamptons. On July 3, Eric throws a white trash bash party attended by his friends Sue (Michelle Borth), Adam (Nick Kroll), Mike (Tyler Labine), Laura (Lindsay Sloane), Kate (Lucy Punch), Glenn (Will Forte), Doug (Martin Starr) and his girlfriend Willow (Angela Sarafyan), Alison (Lake Bell) and her boyfriend Marcus (Rhys Coiro). Eric meets Kelly (Leslie Bibb) at the party. The following morning, Eric's father (Don Johnson) arrives and informs him that he is selling the house. The next weekend, the group arrive back at the house and find it for sale by Dody (Lin Shaye) and Kelly. Eric and Mike decide to throw a last ultimate party at the house on Labor Day weekend. Lamenting the more liberal sex attitude of the younger generation that passed over his own, Eric suggests having an orgy. When they present the idea to their friends, they are all reluctant, but when Mike and Eric argue that afterwards everyone will be moving away from each other and that this might be their last real time all together, Sue agrees to join. Laura joins the plan to improve her self-esteem, and is later joined by Alison after she breaks up with Marcus. Sue has feelings for Eric from high school, but Eric pursues a relationship with Kelly, to attempt to interfere with her selling the house. Doug and Willow join the orgy, hoping it will make him more confident. At Kate and Glenn's wedding, a drunken Adam reveals he has lost his job because Eric destroyed his phone at the White Trash bash, and agrees to join the orgy. Glenn finds out about the orgy and informs Kate, causing the pair to fall out with the group for not including them. Eric and Mike go to an underground sex club to research orgies, and gain advice from Mike's uncle Vic (David Koechner). Later, during a date with Kelly, she asks Eric to meet with her friends on Labor Day, to which he reluctantly agrees. Eric admits to Mike that he is developing feelings for Kelly and is no longer sure about taking part in the orgy. The week before Labor Day, Kate and Glenn ask to join the orgy but the group refuses because the couple have a child. Kelly tells Eric that she has asked Dody to slow the house sale down until the end of the summer. The Labor Day weekend arrives and the group prepare for the orgy. Doug decides to back out at the last minute, causing the group to descend into arguments, culminating when Alison publicly reveals Sue's feelings for Eric, and Doug accuses Mike of being Eric's pet. Glenn and Kate arrive uninvited, intending to gatecrash the orgy, but they end up having sex in their car. Eric decides to leave and go to Kelly's home, but discovers she is on a date. Eric returns to the party where the group reconcile, and the orgy finally begins. On Labor Day, Doug gives Mike a copy of his finished album, having finally found the confidence to pursue his music career. Sue gets over her feelings for Eric, Adam and Laura enter into a relationship, and Eric reconciles with Kelly. Kelly tells Eric that the house deal fell through and it will now take longer to sell. Eric begins planning a party for Memorial Day.
The Balloonatic	American	comedy	Buster Keaton	A young man (Keaton) has a series of encounters in an amusement area, much like Coney Island, until happening upon a group of men preparing a hot air balloon for launch. The young man assists the group by climbing atop the balloon to affix a pennant, when the balloon mistakenly takes flight with no one aboard but the young man. The young man finally downs the balloon in a wilderness area, where he encounters a young outdoorswoman and proceeds to have a series of misadventures.
Katha, Samvidhanam Kunchakko (കഥ, സംവിധാനം കുഞ്ചാക്കോ)	Malayalam	comedy	Haridas Keshavan	Sreenivasan plays Kunchacko, a no-holds-barred money minter who has chopped off heads and hearts on his way to the top of the world. Getting married to Ann Mary (Meena) prompts him to turn a few new green leaves, though he soon figures out that making amends is not as easy as it seems.
How to Be a Latin Lover	American	comedy	Ken Marino	Having made a career of seducing rich older women, Maximo marries a wealthy woman more than twice his age. 25 years later, spoiled, out of shape and bored from waking up next to his now 80-year-old wife, he gets the surprise of his life when she ends up dumping him for a younger car salesman. Forced out of his mansion and desperate for a place to stay, he crashes in the upscale playhouse of another gigolo, Rick's older girlfriend's granddaughter, and eventually moves in with his estranged sister, Sara and her nerdy son, Hugo in their small apartment. Anxious to return to the lap of luxury, Maximo uses his nephew’s crush on classmate Arden to get to his new target—her grandmother, Celeste, a widowed billionaire. Maximo teaches his nephew some tricks he thinks work on women, during which he finds himself bonding with his nephew Hugo. Maximo tries to reignite his charm as a Latin lover, and fails at it miserably. Sara comes to know of Maximo's scamming and kicks him out. Eventually, he moves in with Rick's older girlfriend, who had a crush on him, and patches up the relationship with his sister and nephew.
The Masquerader	American	comedy	Charlie Chaplin	The Masquerader is a comedy short whose plot revolves around making films at Keystone. Charlie plays an actor who bungles several scenes and is kicked off the studio. The next day a strange beautiful woman appears to audition for the film. It's Charlie in drag. After doing a perfect impersonation of a female, Charlie has drawn the attention of the director who hires the new actress' in his films. The director gives the beautiful woman the men's dressing room to change in. While there Charlie's returns to his tramp costume. When the director returns, looking for the woman, he finds Charlie and realizes he has been tricked. Angry, the director chases Charlie through the studio until Charlie decides to jump into what he thinks is a prop well. The film ends with the director and other actors laughing at Charlie as he is trapped in the bottom of a real well. The plot involving a man dressing up as a woman was quite popular in silent movies.
Dinner for Schmucks	American	comedy	Jay Roach	Tim Conrad is a mid-level financial executive, who comes up with a way to invite wealthy Swiss businessman Martin Mueller to become a client of his firm. Impressed by Tim's ingenuity, his boss Lance Fender invites him to a dinner for winners in which he must find and bring an eccentric person with a special talent; the winner earns a trophy and the executive that brought him or her gets glory. He learns it is more of a dinner for idiots, and the partygoers will be mocked. Tim's girlfriend Julie lands a curator deal for eccentric artist Kieran Vollard and Tim unsuccessfully proposes to her. After learning of the cruel nature of the dinner party, Julie becomes upset and asks him not to attend and he agrees. Tim accidentally hits IRS employee Barry Speck with his car when Barry tries to retrieve a dead mouse in the road. Witnessing Barry's bizarre behavior, Tim realizes he is the perfect loser for the dinner. Barry shows up at Tim's apartment and accidentally invites over Darla, who had a one night stand with Tim years ago and has been stalking him. Barry decides to guard Tim's apartment from Darla to make up for inviting her. When Julie arrives at his apartment, Barry mistakes her for Darla and sends her away, giving Julie the impression that Tim is cheating on her. Barry calls Vollard and finds the number saved in the phone. While talking to him, he and Tim think they hear Julie in the background and head to Vollard's apartment. Barry tosses Tim's keys through Vollard's apartment window and must break in, only to find Kieran preparing to make love to two girls dressed like animals (neither is Julie) and head back home. Barry opens the door to find Darla waiting outside. Julie calls and asks Tim if he's having an affair and Darla steals the phone and stuffs it down her pants. While Tim hides in his bedroom, Darla and Barry get into a bar-styled fight, scaring Darla away. Julie left her phone at Tim's apartment and a voice message from Vollard reveals that Julie is leaving for his ranch. Barry works for the IRS and offers to take Tim to work to find Vollard's ranch address, where they meet up with Barry's boss and rival, Therman Murch, who stole Barry's wife. Tim leaves the next day for his brunch with the Muellers but Barry crashes, with Darla pretending to be Julie. Tim is pushed into asking Darla to marry him by Barry and Julie walks in during. Tim and Barry chase Julie down to Vollard's ranch, where Tim accidentally offends Barry. To his surprise, Tim found Barry already at Fender's dinner party. Barry is a hit with the group, and is a shoo in for the trophy, but unexpectedly, Therman arrives, embarrassing Barry with his mind control. Tim then tells Barry everything and, after some encouragement, gets Barry to win with brain control, before causing his boss and fellow executives to reveal the truth. A guest reacts badly to the news and causes chaos in the process, with Mueller losing a finger. Tim is fired, as is Julie after Barry makes Vollard realize it would be a problem to have her continue working for him. Tim marries Julie, Barry enters into a relationship with Darla, does some artwork with Vollard, and hosts a monthly breakfast for champions for all of the losers. Therman writes a book in the mental hospital and Tim gets a new museum started in Switzerland for Mueller. Fender's company goes into a big loss and he is named Wall Street's Biggest Loser.
Dry Rot	British	comedy	Maurice Elvey	Three dodgy bookies, Alf Tubbe (Ronald Shiner), Flash Harry (Sidney James) and Fred Phipps (Brian Rix), plan to rig a horse race by kidnapping the fancied horse and its French jockey. They stay at a country house hotel near the racecourse, run by Colonel and Mrs Wagstaff, where they conceal the horse Sweet Lavender (and later the jockey) in a hidden cellar. A subplot sees the dimwitted Fred fall in love with the hotel chambermaid Beth (Joan Sims). The title Dry Rot refers to the rotten wood on the hotel stairs, which regularly catches every character unawares.
Sexy Evil Genius	American	comedy	Shawn Piller	Salesman Zach Newman sits alone in a bar when he meets Miranda Prague. After talking to her for a few minutes, they realize that they are ex-lovers of the same woman, Nikki Franklyn. They were both told to arrive at different times and wait for Nikki, who would be joining them later. Miranda reveals that Nikki just got out of a mental hospital after killing a man she was dating by poisoning him. Shortly thereafter they are joined by Marvin Coolidge, a jazz musician and also a former lover of Nikki. The trio trade stories about Nikki for a bit until Nikki herself arrives, bringing the table a round of drinks and passing them out herself. With Nikki is her defense attorney turned fiancè Bert Mayfair. Nikki tells them all that the evening is about a big announcement, and she declares that she is getting married. Bert becomes angry with Nikki, as he did not want his engagement to her publicized yet for fear of losing his law license. Upset, Nikki rushes to the bathroom, and Miranda follows her. While the girls are gone, Bert admits that he bribed doctors to testify to Nikki's insanity so that she would escape the murder charges. He also admits that Nikki really is insane and that he fears she will kill someone that night. After the girls are gone too long, Zach checks on them. Nikki rushes out, but Miranda pulls him into the restroom and shows him a gun that Nikki gave her. Back at the table with the others, Nikki accuses Marvin of planting heroin where she could find it, knowing that Nikki had once been an addict. Marvin vehemently denies this and suggests that Nikki made it up as an excuse to hate him for their breakup. A disheveled Zach and Miranda return to the table and admit that they were making out. They also claim that Nikki's wedding announcement is not the real reason they are there and that Nikki is looking for revenge on them all. After more arguing, Nikki admits that she brought them there to settle her old scores with them. Zach becomes worried that she has poisoned them all, and Nikki turns serious. She admits that she coldly murdered her ex-boyfriend by brewing her own arsenic and watching him gasp and spasm as he died. She tells Bert that she's not insane but instead planned it all, knowing she could fake insanity. As the others become more paranoid, Bert decides he's had enough and gets up to leave. Bert pauses when Marvin suddenly develops a sharp headache, and Nikki claims to have poisoned Marvin. Before he slips into unconsciousness, Marvin admits he really did plant the heroin for Nikki to find. The others are horrified and frantically ask if they've been poisoned. Nikki tells Bert that she overheard him tell her doctor that he wanted her sent back to the asylum because he wanted to be rid of her. Fearing he's been poisoned as well, Bert flies into a rage, grabs Nikki by the throat, and begins to choke her. Unable to break his hold, Miranda retrieves the gun Nikki gave her and shoots Bert in both knees. Nikki admits that she didn't kill Marvin and only gave him drugs to induce him into a K-hole. She reassures them that she did not poison anyone else. She takes the gun back from Miranda and leaves, telling them that she plans to disappear. The next morning, the police release Miranda without her being charged. Zach, who waits for her in the lobby of the police station, offers to drive her home, which she accepts. She mentions that Bert assaulted several cops while being arrested and that his career is over. They drive off together and do not notice Nikki watch from a nearby rooftop. Nikki gets in her car and drives away.
Kancheepurathe Kalyanam (കാഞ്ചീപുരത്തെ കല്യാണം)	Malayalam	comedy	Fazil - Jayakrishna	Kalarickal Achuthankutty (Suresh Gopi) and his brother-in-law Pattarumadom Najeeb (Mukesh) run rival
Rough Night	American	comedy	Lucia Aniello	In 2006, four friends, Jess (Scarlett Johansson), Alice (Jillian Bell), Frankie (Ilana Glazer) and Blair (Zoë Kravitz), bond during their first year of college at George Washington University. A decade later they reunite as Jess is about to get married to her fiancé Peter (Paul W. Downs), and Alice decides that the four should spend the weekend in Miami partying. By this point, Alice is a teacher, Frankie is an aspiring activist with two strikes on her record, Blair is a real estate agent in the middle of a bitter divorce who still has conflicting feelings over her past relationship with Frankie, and Jess is an aspiring senatorial candidate whose campaign is hampered by the fact that the general public do not find her relatable despite her policies focusing on helping others. Once in Miami, the four are joined by Pippa (Kate McKinnon), Jess's friend from her semester in Australia. The friends get high and party at a club and then Frankie decides to hire a male stripper, Jay (Ryan Cooper). When Jay arrives at the door, he makes Jess uncomfortable with his rough talk. Alice decides to take a turn and jumps on him, causing them to both fall and Jay to hit his head on the edge of the fireplace, killing him. Before they decide what to do, Jess takes a call from Peter and mentions during her panic that her friends hired a stripper and she is confused, before Alice destroys her phone and Blair confiscates the others to prevent anyone making calls until they can determine their next move. Peter takes this to mean that Jess is leaving him and decides to race down to Miami to convince Jess to take him back. The friends purchase a burner phone and call Blair's uncle (Peter Francis James), who is a lawyer. After telling him they moved the body, he tells them that, while they may have gotten away with accidental death if they had made the call immediately, they could face up to fifteen years in prison for tampering with the crime scene unless no body is found. The friends decide to dispose of the body by throwing it into the ocean. After doing so, they realize that their neighbors, Lea (Demi Moore) and Pietro (Ty Burrell), have a security camera that may have caught them. They send Blair to get the tape, as the pair had previously expressed interest in a ménage à trois with Blair, only to have her discover the cameras do not work after she has slept with them. By this point, the body has washed up on the shore and they must come up with a new plan to dispose of it. A police officer, Scotty (Colton Haynes), knocks on their door and Frankie knocks him out after he gropes her, only for the friends to realize that he was the actual stripper they had ordered, leaving them to wonder who they killed. They use Scotty's car to try to dispose of the body again only to return home defeated after a car accident when the car goes over a speed bump too quickly. Then when Alice finds out Jess invited Frankie and Blair to a bridal shower over her, Jess verbally berates her for her obsessive clinginess and storms off to prepare for the consequences. At this point, Detectives Frazier (Dean Winters) and Ruiz (Enrique Murciano) arrive and tell the women they are not in trouble, as the man they killed was a violent criminal who had been on the run from the police. As they interrogate the women, Pippa realizes that the detectives are actually the accomplices of the man they killed when she spots the TV displaying all three men as suspects in a jewelry robbery. Realizing that they are caught, Frazier and Ruiz tie the women and Scotty up and threaten to shoot them. Jess meanwhile has missed most of the drama due to being upstairs taking a shower in preparation for her mugshot. Realizing what has happened, she manages to subdue Frazier using hairspray and handcuffs when he comes up to search for the diamonds, and kills Ruiz as he prepares to kill Blair. Frazier returns, having freed himself from the toy handcuffs, only to be run over when Peter, high on the drugs he took to keep him awake on his roadtrip to Miami, crashes into the front of the house and kills him. Jess reaffirms that she wants to marry Peter and the two wed that weekend. Frankie and Blair decide to reunite as a couple and Alice hooks up with Scotty. Pippa confirms that the police have excused them from all charges as their victims were all criminals, and the deaths can be excused as self-defense. Jess receives a call from her campaign manager revealing that these events have caused her approval rating to go up significantly with the voters after capturing dangerous criminals as well as her new reputation as a party girl has helped make her more relateable to voters. In a post-credits scene, Jess and Peter drive Alice home after a night out. Alice enters her apartment and looks for something to eat. She pours pasta into a pan, and discovers that there are diamonds mixed in with the pasta—the same diamonds that Jay stashed in their house for safekeeping.
Husbands in Goa	Malayalam	comedy	Saji Surendran	Three husbands (Jayasurya, Indrajith and Asif Ali) are on a trip to Goa to take a break from their messy married lives with their dominating wives (Rima Kallingal, Bhama and Remya Nambeesan). During the trip, they meet a husband (Lal) who is on the verge of a divorce, which becomes a turning point in their lives. Their vacation in Goa, how they hook up with three young ladies and how their wives come to know about it, forms the rest of the movie.[4]
 Janky Promoters	American	comedy	Marcus Raboy	The film begins with a flashforward to a later scene in the movie in which Russell Redds (Cube) and JellyRoll (Epps) are running out of a concert being chased by an angry mob and shot at as they drive off in Redds' car. The plot starts off with Russell Redds coming home late and sneaking into his wife's purse to get her checkbook. He then hears her wake up and pretends to sleep only to be caught by his wife who already knows what happened. This indicates that Redds does not have all the money for the concert yet. Meanwhile, his co-partner JellyRoll is fooling around with another man's wife at a hotel only to be encountered by a television show's crew (a cameo appearance by Joey Greco ) who hunts down people who cheat on their loved ones. Suddenly Gina's husband Ronnie, who is a cop, drives into the parking lot and starts to shoot at them from his cop car as JellyRoll and Gina escape by car. Redds visits his mom and begs for money but is turned down and is forced to steal his wife's checkbook while she is in the shower. He checks up on his son, who goes by Yung Semore, and makes sure he is ready to open up for Jeezy and perform at the concert. He continues his plans by picking up JellyRoll and getting a rent-a-van to pick up Young Jeezy instead of getting a limo. He gets Jellyroll to pick them up from the airport as he runs errands around Modesto, California getting more money or getting hotel reservations for the rapper and his entourage. After taking forever to arrive at the airport, JellyRoll finally shows up and picks the rapper up at the airport. He finds out that Jeezy wants some weed badly, so he decides to take them to the hood to get some. He meets up with his drug dealer Mondo who scolds him for getting weed for the rapper and asks if Jeezy can come to his after party. JellyRoll insists that the rapper wants 20,000 dollars to show up and Mondo accepts and gives him the money. This is where things start to turn for the promoters as JellyRoll spends the 20,000 dollars on clothes and jewelry instead of using it for the show to pay Jeezy his money. From there, the movie turns wild and intense as Russell Redds and JellyRoll try to figure out a way to get Jeezy to perform while dodging Mondo and his crew and getting the money to pay Jeezy to perform.
Meet the Fockers	American	comedy	Jay Roach	Set two years after the events of the first film, Gaylord Greg Focker (Stiller) and his fiancée Pam Byrnes (Polo) decide to introduce their parents to each other. They first fly to Oyster Bay, New York, on Long Island, to pick up Pam's father, retired CIA operative Jack Byrnes (De Niro), her mother Dina (Danner) and one-year-old nephew Little Jack (the son of Bob and Debbie Banks). But rather than going to the airport as planned, Jack decides to drive the family to Miami to meet the Fockers in his new RV. Once they arrive, they are greeted by Greg's eccentric but fun-loving and amiable father, Bernie (Hoffman), and mother, Roz (Streisand), who is a sex therapist for elderly couples. Concerned that Jack might be put off by the Focker's lifestyle, Greg convinces Roz to pretend that she is a yoga instructor for the weekend. However, small cracks begin to form between Jack and the Fockers, due to their contrasting personalities. The meet gets off to a bad start when a chase between the Focker's active dog, Moses (a brown Chihuahua with black trim), and the Byrnes's cat, Jinx, culminates with Jinx flushing Moses down the RV's toilet, forcing Bernie to destroy it to save Moses. Later, Bernie accidentally injures Jack's back during a game of football. Meanwhile, Pam informs Greg that she's pregnant, and the two decide to keep it secret from Jack. Jack again becomes suspicious of Greg's integrity and quality, when they are introduced to the Fockers' housekeeper, Isabel Villalobos (Alanna Ubach), with whom Bernie reveals Greg had a sexual affair fifteen years before. Jack later takes the RV to Isabel's 15-year-old son, Jorge (Ray Santiago), to fix the toilet, but is disturbed by Jorge's striking resemblance to Greg, and the fact that Jorge never met his father, and jumps to the conclusion that he might be Greg's son with Isabel. Meanwhile, Roz, Bernie and Dina realize Pam is pregnant, but promise not to tell Jack. Growing envious of Bernie and Roz's active sex life, Dina consults Roz on sex tips in order to seduce Jack, but none of them work. Greg and Jack's relationship goes off with a bang when Greg is left alone to babysit Little Jack, whom Jack has been raising via the Ferber method. Despite Jack's instructions to leave Little Jack to self-soothe, Greg is unable to stand listening to Little Jack's cries and tends to the boy to cheer him up by hugging him, letting him watch TV, acting funny, and inadvertently teaching Little Jack the word asshole. Disaster strikes when Greg answers a brief phone call from Roz, which is long enough for Little Jack to wander out of his playpen (after being opened by Jinx), put on Scarface and glue his hands to a bottle of rum. After a furious argument with the Fockers and his own family (though amends are quickly made), Jack resumes his spying on Greg and sends Greg and Jorge's hair samples for a DNA test, while inviting Jorge to the Fockers' planned engagement party in the hope of getting Greg to admit he is Jorge's father. At the engagement party, Jack, who automatically assumes that Greg knew about Jorge and has deliberately been keeping him a secret from Pam, introduces Greg to Jorge. Later, when Greg denies knowing anything about Jorge, Jack still refuses to believe him and drugs him with truth serum to make him talk. On stage, Greg uncontrollably blurts out that Pam is pregnant and that Jorge is his son in a Darth Vader-esqe matter before immediately losing consciousness. The next morning, Pam questions Greg about Jorge, and Greg does not confirm or deny that he is Jorge's father, but insists that he knew nothing about him before the previous evening. Pam believes him, and is willing to work things out with him. Jack reaches his breaking point with Greg's dishonesty and demands that Pam and Dina leave the island with him. Dina refuses and reveals Jack's actions to everyone. Everyone turns against Jack, with Pam announcing her intent to marry Greg regardless of him having Jorge with Isabel, and Dina admits that they were all aware of Pam's pregnancy. A shocked and hurt Jack leaves with his grandson. Bernie and Greg pursue Jack, but are soon tasered and arrested by an incompetent deputy sheriff, Vern LeFlore (Tim Blake Nelson), due to a refusal to cooperate with him when he attempts to pull them over for speeding. Jack returns to defend them after being informed Greg is not Jorge's father (his real father turns out to be a baseball player who also resembles Greg), but the overzealous LeFlore tasers and arrests him as well. In their cell, Greg, Jack, and Bernie are released by the local judge, Ira (Shelley Berman), who is a client of Roz and close friend of the Fockers. Before they leave, Greg requests that Jack and Bernie stop their feud. Jack admits that he made a mistake regarding Jorge and reveals his past career in the CIA to Bernie, before apologizing for his actions and making up with the two of them. Greg and Pam are married that weekend by Pam's ex-fiancé, Kevin (Owen Wilson), who is now an ordained interfaith minister. During the party, Jack asks Roz for some sex tips and sneaks into the RV with Dina. During the post-credit scene, Jack watches hidden baby-cam footage of the Fockers giving attention to Little Jack over Jack's previous objections: Roz gives Little Jack chocolate, Bernie advises him to use his crying to disagree with everything Jack says, and Greg pretends to drunkenly tell Little Jack to keep it a secret that he left to smoke pot, not answer the phone, when he left Little Jack unattended and that Pam is not really pregnant and only said it so that Jack would let them get married. Greg then pretends to only just discover the camera but then after making teasing gestures at it, Greg reveals that he knew about it all along and none of the things he said before were true.
The Deal	American	comedy	Steven Schachter	Struggling Hollywood film producer Charlie Berns is on the verge of suicide when his aspiring screenwriter nephew Lionel arrives from New Jersey with a script about 19th century British statesman Benjamin Disraeli. Charlie agrees to make the film, but only when he converts the literate PBS-style script (that he didn't read) into an action adventure Middle Eastern espionage film, Ben Disraeli: Freedom Fighter. He casts power-star African American Bobby Mason, a recent convert to Judaism, in the title role and, after some creative wrangling with studio big-wigs and feisty project developer Deidre Hearn, whom he is instantly attracted to, he proceeds to set up production in South Africa. Charlie then lies to the studio, saying Bobby insists Deidre, who has purposely avoided Charlie, be sent to South Africa to assist on the production. She arrives, and she and Charlie eventually 'hook-up'. After Bobby is kidnapped by terrorists during the shoot, and the film is shut down, Deidre hatches a scheme to produce Lionel's original script 'on the Q.T.'. Using financing that must stay in Prague, Charlie and Deidre manage to film Lionel's original movie there, which goes on to receive seven Golden Globe nominations, making Charlie and Deidre the newest power couple producers in Hollywood.
The Lyons in Paris	British	comedy	Val Guest	Has Ben Lyon forgotten his wedding anniversary? His wife Bebe thinks he has, and can hardly contain her fury. When his son Richard sees him dining with a glamorous French singer he thinks the worst. But Ben is actually buying tickets from her, and he surprises everyone with a family holiday to Paris. Once in Paris, there are further misunderstandings involving the singer, trouble with an antique car, as well as visits to a seedy nightclub and to the famous Folies Bergère.
Ride Along	American	comedy	Tim Story	James Payton is a detective, on an undercover operation where fake passports are being smuggled into Atlanta by a man named Omar. After a shootout with the smugglers, and a car chase that leaves one injured, the lieutenant leading the case ask James to drop the case on Omar, something James doesn't do. Ben Barber, a fast-talking, jumpy high school security guard who plays video games on his spare time, applies for the Atlanta City Police Academy. When he gets in, he decides to ask James for his blessings to marry his sister Angela. James then says Ben has to be worthy of Angela, making him go on a ride along to prove it. After picking up Ben and taking him to the police station, James tells dispatch to give him all the 1-26's that are called into the station. James makes Ben take care of all the 1-26's. James then arrives at the park to question an informant Runflat, about a connection of Serbia and Omar. He finds out that a shipment will come in later that day. After leaving the park, James takes Ben to the local shooting range where he finds out that Zastava M92's have been given to the store, Ben realizes he has a clue for James. When a 1-26 is called in, Ben and James are called to the Sweet Auburn Curb Market where a drunk man named Crazy Cody is being disorderly. Ben tries to subdue him but is unable to, so James arrests him. Ben asks to be taken home before he receives a call from Angela. He tells her about his stressful day, before Angela says that James plays poker with a guy named Crazy Cody, along with telling him that 1-26's are a code for annoying situations for new-comers as a joke. He then goes into the police station and sees Cody laughing with James and his partners Santiago and Miggs. Upset at James, Ben refuses to go home and instead takes a 1-26 call to respond to a disturbance at a strip club, where two men get into a mexican standoff with James and Ben, which Ben thinks it's another joke call, so he fools around. James subdues the men, and the two are then tipped off about a gun deal involving Omar's men. Ben then confronts James about the 1-26's. James receives a call from Santiago in the car, when he finds out that Runflat had turned himself in, Ben says how Runflat's brother in the park said that Runflat had just got out of prison. James then contradicts, saying that Runflat hadn't been in prison for over two years, leading to another clue. The men go to talk Runflat's other brother, J, trying to find out the location of the gun deal, during the confrontation, Ben accidentally shoots J, who subsequently reveals that the deal will take place at an old abandoned warehouse at 9 PM. James decides to infiltrate the warehouse with Santiago and Miggs, after leaving Ben behind in the car. James is then betrayed by Santiago and Miggs, who turn out to be crooked cops working for Omar. James is then tied up, just when Ben witnesses. Santiago not only mocks James, but also criticizes him for his unsociable, egocentric personality. As the deal begins, Ben enters pretending to be Omar (since no one has ever actually seen the real Omar). Having successfully fooled the crooks, Ben then wreaks havoc at the deal, and right as Ben is about to leave with James, the real Omar appears. A shootout ensues, and many of Omar's men are killed. Ben reveals his sharp reflexes and extensive knowledge of battle (a result of his video game experience). James and Ben take the money meant for the deal and escape right before the warehouse blows up because of Ben's grenade that hit a box of explosives and destroys James's car. Unbeknownst to them, Santiago, Miggs and Omar all escape. Santiago and Miggs arrive at Angela's apartment and tie her up. As she was playing one of Ben's video games, Ben's fellow players hear the confrontation ensuing between Angela, Miggs and Santiago from Ben's headset. At the hospital after being shot in the leg, Ben receives a call from the fellow player, and tells James that there's something going on at the apartment. After seeing some dirty cops arrive at the hospital, James takes Ben and leaves to go to the apartment, along with Omar's money. James then injures Miggs, before getting into a fight with Santiago. As Santiago is about to shoot James, Angela knocks him out with a frying pan. Ben gets knocked out by Omar in a fight, before Omar takes the bag of money and Angela, and leaves the apartment. James follows Omar and Angela and confronts them. Right as Omar is about to shoot James, Ben slides over a car and kicks him, and James shoots Omar twice, injuring him. Police arrest Omar, Miggs and Santiago, and James finally gives Ben his blessing. In a mid-credits scene Ben and Angela are engaged, and Ben is weeks away from graduating from the police academy. At a barbecue at James' house Ben blows up the barbecue grill and is sent flying back into the bushes, killing the neighbor's dog.
Ek Daav Dhobhipachhad	Marathi	comedy	Satish Rajwade	The lead cast of the movie ensembles veteran actor Ashok Saraf, who plays the role of Dadasaheb Dandage, a well-known goon in the village Bhongalpoor. The two main people working for Dada are Bhagwan (Bharath Ganeshpure) and Babu (Pushkar Shrotri). Bhagwan works with soft hands, i.e., with a small talk and money he solves the problems. While Babu acts as killer-person, who uses gun to do his work. According to Dada, the location for the school for the village is most suitable for his Beer bar, and that`s why he was threatening people who were supporting for school. During the protest, he meets his lost love Hema (Kishori Shahane) and he asks her to get married. But, as a well-educated lady she refuses to marry to a goon. The incident changes Dada`s life, and he quit his all illegal businesses, as well starts learning clean Marathi from Prof Parkhadkar (Subodh Bhave). Meanwhile his daughter Sulakshana (Mukta Barve) lies to him that she is pregnant from the son of Sakha Patil (Uday Sabnis). Therefore Dada asks him to marry his son with Sulakshana, which he refuses to. Later Dada tries to set up the marriage with his accountant Tryambak Joshi (Prasad Oak). But later Tryanbak manages to make Prof Parkhadkar and Sulakshana together, and get engaged with Sayali (Madhura Velankar). During all this Drama Inspector Dhande (Sanjay Mone) is watching all the dada`s activities, as he suspects that Dada is responsible for the theft reports in the village. While Dada is discussing with the Directorate board of Gyanmarg Shikshan Sanstha, Inspector Dhande raids Dada`s home with press and finds out that Dada is actually not responsible, and catches Sakha Patil red-handed. At the end, Dada gets to know that Sayali is the daughter of Hema and him, and he explains Hema how he has changed himself to get her.
The Hammer	American	comedy	Charles Herman-Wurmfeld	Jerry Ferro is turning 40 years old and is not what you would call a success. He works part-time in construction as a carpenter and part-time as a boxing instructor at a fitness center near Los Angeles. He drives a beat-up pickup truck and loses both the construction job and the woman in his life. An amateur Golden Gloves boxer long ago, Jerry is asked one day if he would be willing to spar with an up-and-coming fighter named Malice Blake. He takes a beating, but surprisingly lands a one-punch knockout. Due to his strong left hand, Jerry's boxing nickname was The Hammer, though a running joke depicts people assuming the nickname describes Jerry's work as a carpenter. He is noticed by Eddie Bell (played by real-life boxing coach Tom Quinn), a coach who will train boxers trying to qualify for the next Olympic Games. Bell invites him to come to the Olympic tryouts. Jerry is clearly too old and out-of-shape, so he isn't interested. But his friend and co-worker Oswaldo Sanchez gives him encouragement, as does Lindsay Pratt, an attractive lawyer who works out at the gym and has caught Jerry's eye. Jerry comes to the tryouts. He is mocked by Bell's top light-heavyweight contender, Robert Brown, which motivates Jerry to get into shape. He goes into serious training, loses weight and needles Brown, telling him there's a new sheriff in town in the light-heavyweight division. What Jerry doesn't know is that Coach Bell privately sees Jerry as no more than a sparring partner and motivator for Brown, who is a legitimate Olympic candidate but who has a weakness against hard-hitting left-handers like Jerry. By falsely boosting Jerry's hopes, Bell can avoid paying him the usual $100 per day for a hired sparring partner. Jerry drives team members to the first stage of the Olympic qualifying eliminations in Phoenix, where because of his age and lowly status he is immediately paired against the No. 1 contender. Coach Bell has gotten all he wanted out of Jerry and is so apathetic about the outcome that he deserts Jerry's corner in the middle of the bout. Motivated by the memory that he has never finished anything he ever started, Jerry scores a shocking knockout. He and Brown both advance to the next round of the competition, to be held in Pasadena. When Brown learns that Coach Bell has lied to Jerry about his prospects, Brown begins to sympathize with Jerry and to bond with him as unlikely friends. Unfortunately, they will need to fight each other soon, with only one able to qualify for the Olympics. On top of that, Lindsay has a job offer that would require her to move out of state. Jerry knows he has little future in boxing, no matter what happens next, so he needs to get his priorities straight as he and Brown head toward a showdown in the ring. In the final round of the competition, Jerry and Brown go up against each other. Lindsay decides to stay in California. At the fight, right as Jerry is about to win and KO Brown, Jerry instead hugs him and lets Brown win. The film ends with all three at a party at their house and Jerry becoming Brown's trainer.
Aane Pataaki	Kannada	comedy	Chandrashekar Bandiyappa	The movie is about a wannabe actor who comes to the city aspiring to become a hero. However, because of his innocence and naivety he is often teased and made fun. He is invited to a party at the house of a movie producer because of an error made by the producers secretary. There he falls in love with a Star Guest. There are rumors that the love story is based on a popular celebrity couple of the Kannada industry.[2]
Carry On Sergeant	British	comedy	Gerald Thomas	Newly married Mary Sage (Shirley Eaton) is distraught when her husband Charlie (Bob Monkhouse) receives his call-up papers during their wedding breakfast. He travels to Heathercrest National Service Depot, meeting fellow recruit Horace Strong (Kenneth Connor), a terminal hypochondriac who is devastated at having been passed as fit. The new recruits are assigned to Sergeant Grimshaw (William Hartnell). Grimshaw is retiring from the army and takes on a £50 bet with Sergeant O'Brien (Terry Scott) that his last bunch of squaddies will be his first champion platoon. With beady-eyed inspection from Captain Potts (Eric Barker) and disgruntled support from Corporal Copping (Bill Owen), Grimshaw decides to use some psychology and treat his charges kindly rather than simply shouting at them. But basic training does not start well and he struggles to take his platoon through it. They include failure Herbert Brown (Norman Rossington), upper-class cad Miles Heywood (Terence Longdon), rock 'n' roller Andy Galloway (Gerald Campion), delicate flower Peter Golightly (Charles Hawtrey) and supercilious university graduate James Bailey (Kenneth Williams). His attempts seem doomed. Mary is determined to spend her wedding night with her husband and smuggles herself into the depot to get a job in the NAAFI, a situation Charlie is eventually able to legitimise. Strong spends most of his time complaining to the Medical Officer, Captain Clark (Hattie Jacques). It is only the adoration of doe-eyed NAAFI girl Norah (Dora Bryan), which he initially rejects, that makes him realise his potential and inspires him to become a real soldier. On the eve of the final tests, Grimshaw is in despair, but he is overheard bemoaning his lot to Copping. The squad decide to win the best platoon prize at all costs. On the day, they indeed beat the other platoons at all tasks and Grimshaw is awarded the cup for best platoon.
Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy	American	comedy	Adam McKay	In 1974, Ron Burgundy is the famous anchorman for a local San Diego television station, fictional KVWN channel 4. He works alongside his friends, whom he had known since childhood, on the news team: lead field reporter Brian Fantana, sportscaster Champ Kind, and intellectually-disabled, but loyal and good-hearted chief meteorologist Brick Tamland. Station director Ed Harken informs the team that they have retained their long-held status as the highest-rated news Program in San Diego, leading them to throw a wild party, where Ron unsuccessfully attempts to pick up a beautiful blonde woman, Veronica Corningstone. Ed later informs the team that they have been forced to hire Veronica Corningstone, the same woman Ron attempted to pick up. After a series of unsuccessful attempts by the team to seduce her, she finally relents and agrees to a professional tour of the city with Ron, culminating in a sexual relationship. Despite agreeing to keep the relationship discreet, Ron announces it on air as well as shouting about it in the office. After a dispute with a motorcyclist ends in Ron's dog Baxter being punted off the San Diego–Coronado Bridge, Ron is late to work. Veronica fills in for him on-air, gets higher ratings than Burgundy normally gets, and the couple breaks up. Veronica is promoted co-anchor, to the disgust of the team, and both co-anchors become fierce rivals on and off the air. Depressed, the news team decides to buy new suits, but Brick, who was leading the way, gets them lost in a shady part of town. Confronted by main competitor Wes Mantooth and his news team, Ron challenges them to a fight. However, when several other news teams converge onsite, a full-on melee ensues, only to be broken up by police sirens that cause them to flee. Realizing that having a female co-anchor is straining their reputation, Ron gets in another heated argument with Veronica, and they get in a physical fight after she offends him about his hair, further increasing tensions. One of Veronica's co-workers informs her that Ron will read anything written on the teleprompter, so she sneaks into the station and changes the text in revenge. The next day, Ron (unaware of what he is saying) concludes the broadcast with Go fuck yourself, San Diego!, instead of his signature closing line, You stay classy, San Diego!, subsequently triggering an angry mob outside the studio and prompting Ed to fire Ron. Realizing she went too far, Veronica attempts to apologize, but Burgundy angrily dismisses her. Burgundy becomes unemployed, friendless, and heavily antagonized by the public while Veronica enjoys fame, although her male co-workers hate her. Ed also informs Champ, Brick, and Brian that if they see Ron they may not speak with him or they will be fired. Three months later, when a panda is about to give birth, every news team in San Diego rushes to the zoo to cover the story. In an attempt to sabotage her, a rival news anchor pushes Veronica into a Kodiak bear enclosure. When Ed could not locate Veronica, he recruits Ron. Once at the zoo, Ron jumps in the bear pen to save Veronica, as the public watches helplessly. The news team then jumps in to save Ron and Veronica. Just as a bear is about to attack, Baxter, who miraculously survived, intervenes and encourages the bear to spare them. As the group climbs out of the pit, Wes appears and holds the ladder over the bear pit, threatening to drop Ron back in, and says that deep down he has always hated him, but then admits to Ron that he also respects him and pulls Ron out to safety. After Ron and Veronica reconcile, it is shown that in years to come, Brian becomes the host of a Fox reality show named Intercourse Island, Brick is married with 11 children and is a top political adviser to George W. Bush, Champ is a commentator for the NFL before getting fired after being accused by Terry Bradshaw of sexual harassment, and Ron and Veronica are co-anchors for the CNN-esque World News Center.
Windbag the Sailor	British	comedy	William Beaudine	Ben Cutlet (Will Hay) is a retired barge captain who entertains his bar room audience with tales of his alleged days at sea, although his maritime experience extends no further than navigating a coal barge. His tall tales catch him out when he is conned into commanding the unseaworthy Rob Roy to the West Indies by a gang of criminals who mean to scuttle the ship for the insurance money. Cutlet gets the upper hand however when he and his companions fall in with West Indian natives who mistake their radio set for a god.
Head of State	American	comedy	Chris Rock	Mays Gilliam is the alderman for the 9th Ward in Washington, D.C.. After learning he is likely to lose his job and getting dumped by his girlfriend, Kim, Gilliam is surprisingly chosen as the party candidate for the presidency after his party's original presidential and vice-presidential nominees die in a plane crash and he is lauded as a hero for saving a woman from an explosion. Assuming the election was already lost to sitting vice-president Brian Lewis, the party decided to pick a likable but unwinnable minority candidate to improve their chances in the next presidential election. At first, Gilliam feels he will not be able to succeed as President because he would be representing the entire African-American populace, and does not want to do anything to mess it up. However, Gilliam begins to rise in the polls after his brother persuades him to speak out for what he believes. He begins to talk about issues such as welfare, money, society, etc. After Lewis runs a series of attack ads including one saying Gilliam supports cancer, Gilliam begins to fight back using what he claimed was kissing his opponent (taken from Bugs Bunny–Elmer Fudd cartoons). A part of this strategy includes dubbing a videotape of Osama bin Laden saying he hates America but loves Brian Lewis. This strategy gains Gilliam even more points in the polls. As voting day draws closer, Gilliam eventually learns the reason why he was chosen as the party candidate, fires some disloyal campaign operatives (although they reconciled with him afterwards), and chooses his brother as his running mate. He later has a debate with his opponent in which he manages to win the crowd over by speaking truth about the American life. Finally, Gilliam ends up winning the election and the presidency. The film ends with a shot of Mount Rushmore with Mays Gilliam's head added, complete with bling.
English Without Tears	British	comedy	Harold French	An English aristocrat, Lady Christabel Beauclerk (Margaret Rutherford), is not only a British delegate at the League of Nations in Geneva but also a fanatical bird fancier. She takes a trip there with her nephew Sir Cosmo Brandon (Roland Culver), her niece Joan Heseltine (Penelope Dudley-Ward) and their faithful butler Tom Gilbey (Michael Wilding), who is reluctant to go abroad but is convinced to go by his father and grandfather, who are also butlers. At the League the party meet the Polish cartoonist Felix Dembowski (Albert Lieven) and the French romantic novelist François de Freycinet (Claude Dauphin), both of whom try to romance Joan - unsuccessfully, as she has a longstanding but unspoken crush on Gilbey. Lady Christabel almost causes a diplomatic incident when other delegates misunderstand her request for bird sanctuaries as an attempt at British imperial expansion. As a result, one of the other delegates tries to get information out of Gilbey by having a Norwegian interpreter Brigid Knudsen (Lilli Palmer) seduce him. Gilbey awkwardly refuses her but is too polite to refuse taking her for a row on the lake. They suffer an accident and he brings her back to the hotel, causing Joan to become jealous. Once they are back in Britain she manages to admit her infatuation to Gilbey just before he goes to join the Territorial Army on the outbreak of World War Two, but he is unable to return it. He rapidly becomes a second lieutenant in the Royal Army Service Corps and goes back to visit the Beauclerk home in uniform - Lady Christabel has converted it into a club for Allied officers. There he finds a confident Joan teaching a large English class. He admits that he is now in love with her, but she replies that she is no longer in love with him - it had only lasted whilst he was out of reach but this no longer applies now he is an officer and a gentleman. Two of Joan's language pupils are De Freycinet and Dembowski, who vie for her affections by trying to be her top pupil. Knudsen is also in London, giving extra lessons to De Freycinet. He also goes to the Foreign Office to meet Brandon to iron out problems with Knudsen's passport and her request to join the Free Norwegian Forces. Brandon agrees to assist but heavily implies that De Freycinet is having a romantic relationship with Knudsen - De Freycinet protests that it is merely platonic and resents being portrayed as the stereotypical amorous Frenchman. After seeking advice on seduction from some other officers at the club, Gilbey makes an unsuccessful pass at Joan. Brandon and Lady Christabel hope for a wedding between De Freycinet and Joan and send Gilbey to check on rumours that De Freycinet is having an affair - instead Gilbey finds him at his language lessons with Knudsen. Dembowski arrives to take up lessons and confront De Freycinet, closely followed by Joan, who is under the misapprehension that Gilbey has begun an affair with Knudsen. Joan leaves Knudsen's flat in outrage. De Freycinet, Dembowski and Gilbey later go to the club together, intending jointly to confront Joan with the truth. However, cowardice prevails and instead they go to the club bar, drunkenly make up their differences and swear off women. Joan overhears this, gives up on both De Freycinet and Gilbey and decides to run away to join the Auxiliary Territorial Service, where she becomes a shorthand typist. In 1942 she is given a new posting to a major in the RASC - this turns out to be Gilbey, who is now brusque, rude, demanding and de-humanized by Joan's refusal of him. He rapidly dismisses her, but the pair meet again at the club, where he apologises for his recent rudeness and she admits that she is back in love with him, now he is once again dominant and out of reach. He tries to contradict this but the pair end up kissing and she then drives him away in his army car.
 The Thing About My Folks	American	comedy	Raymond de Felitta	When Muriel Kleinman (Olympia Dukakis) unexpectedly leaves her husband Sam (Peter Falk), their three daughters Linda (Ann Dowd), Hillary, Bonnie, and daughter-in-law Rachel (Elizabeth Perkins) set about trying to find her while Sam and his son Ben (Paul Reiser) spend a day in the country inspecting property Ben and his wife are considering buying. The journey evolves into an extended road trip in a restored 1940 Ford Deluxe coupe convertible Sam buys when Ben's car crashes. As time passes, the two men fish, drink, and play pool while discussing the past and reestablishing their relationship. Ben learns Muriel went on vacation, but after enjoying a leisurely day by herself, began to experience blackouts. The doctors give her six months to live, and Muriel and Sam begin to mend a marriage Sam never realized was deteriorating. She lives through the summer, and Ben realizes he has never seen his parents happier in his life. When Muriel dies, Sam moves in with Ben and his family, and they enjoy life together until Sam himself passes away. Ben and Rachel have another child and name him Martin Samuel Kleinman to honor his parents, whose gravestone bears the Hebrew inscription מה שלי שלך ומה שלך שלי (What is mine is yours and what is yours is mine), testifying to the truly giving and compassionate relationship Ben's parents had with each other.
School for Scoundrels	British	comedy	Robert Hamer	Henry Palfrey (Ian Carmichael) is a failure in sport and love, and the easy victim of conmen and employees alike. So he enrols at the School of Lifemanship in Yeovil, run by Dr. Potter (Alastair Sim). Late for his appointment, he overhears Potter explaining the principles of lifemanship to the new intake: Palfrey is given an object lesson in this when he has his interview with Potter, who proceeds to win a name-calling game. When Palfrey explains that he is a failure, Potter surmises that a woman is involved. In flashback, Palfrey recounts how he first met April Smith (Janette Scott), knocking parcels from her hands when he rushes to catch a bus. He manages to arrange a dinner date with her. When Palfrey shows up at work, his loafing employees are unconcerned, despite his being the head of the family firm. They pay much more respect to his senior clerk, Gloatbridge (Edward Chapman). In private, Gloatbridge is patronising toward his erstwhile boss, making the business decisions. Palfrey asks him to make a dinner reservation, and has to fend off Gloatbridge's unwanted restaurant suggestion. That night at the restaurant, the head waiter (John Le Mesurier) cannot find Palfrey's booking at first; he does finally locate it under a slightly different name, but still refuses to seat them, as they are late. When Raymond Delauney (Terry-Thomas), a casual acquaintance of Palfrey's, arrives and sees April, he invites them to his table, where he proceeds to try to seduce April and cast Palfrey in a bad light at every opportunity. As Delauney has a fancy sports car, Palfrey tries to counter by purchasing an automobile of his own. However, two salesmen (Dennis Price and Peter Jones) sell him a ramshackle 1924 Swiftmobile. To further his humiliation of his rival, Delauney suggests a friendly tennis match. He wins easily. The film then returns to the school. Over the next several weeks, Palfrey proves to be an apt pupil in learning various ploys to gain the upper hand. The next phase of his education involves a field test of his new skills, evaluated by Potter. Palfrey convinces the car salesmen that his car, after some tune-up, is now a valuable and sought-after vehicle. They trade him a sports car and £100 for his Swiftmobile, which promptly breaks down. After putting Gloatbridge in his place, Palfrey challenges Delauney to a rematch. Using some stratagems, he thoroughly frustrates his foe before they even start playing. Then, with April watching, Palfrey proceeds to win the set 6-0. April becomes disgusted with Delauney's behaviour afterward and drives off with Palfrey. They go back to his place for a drink. Palfrey arranges for April's to spill on her dress. He suggests she take it off to dry and put on his dressing gown. Eventually, they end up in his bedroom through his tricks, but Palfrey cannot bring himself to take advantage of April. Then Delauney barges in, dragging Potter with him. Delauney had found out that Potter was Palfrey's guest at the tennis club and got the story out of him. However, after Delauney informs her, April realises that Palfrey genuinely loves her, and they embrace, much to the disgust of both Delauney and Potter. Potter breaks the fourth wall and apologises to the audience for his pupil's behaviour. The film ends with Delauney getting off the train at Yeovil station and heading in the direction of the school.
 Hair Show	American	comedy	Leslie Small	Peaches (Mo'Nique), a hair stylist from Baltimore, and her estranged sister, Angela (Kellita Smith), the owner of an upscale salon in Beverly Hills, get reacquainted when Peaches decides to attend a celebration for Angela in Los Angeles. The reunion is bittersweet and worsens when Angela finds out that Peaches is on the run from the IRS and only has 60 days to pay $50,000 in back taxes. After some hilarious moments and passionate exchanges, the two sisters join forces to fight off a pesky rival salon owner Marcella (Gina Torres) and save Peaches from her troubles by competing for a lucrative cash prize and bragging rights at the city's annual hair show.
The Love Nest	British	comedy	Thomas Bentley	On the eve of his own marriage, a man offers shelter to a runaway wife with whom he strikes up an unexpected bond.
Get Him to the Greek	American	comedy	Nicholas Stoller	In 2009, British rock star Aldous Snow (Russell Brand) releases an album and a titular single, African Child, which is a commercial and critical failure. In an interview, Aldous' girlfriend, Jackie Q (Rose Byrne), drunkenly declares they have a boring life. Aldous relapses, ending their relationship. He also loses custody of his son, Naples. Meanwhile, in Los Angeles, Aaron Green (Jonah Hill) works as a talent scout at Pinnacle Records, a record company. He lives with his girlfriend, Daphne (Elisabeth Moss). Pinnacle Records is performing poorly, and the head of the company, Sergio Roma (Sean Combs), asks for ideas. Aaron suggests that Aldous play at the Greek Theatre on the tenth anniversary of a performance there in 1999. Sergio sends Aaron to London to escort Aldous to Los Angeles. Daphne informs Aaron that she has received a job offer in Seattle and that they are moving there. They argue and apparently break up. Aaron meets Aldous and learns that he had not been expecting him, thinking that the concert was not for two months. They bar-hop across the city as Aaron tries to get Aldous to catch a flight to New York. Daphne calls Aaron to apologize, only to learn that Aaron believes they broke up. While partying, Aaron's phone accidentally calls Daphne, informing her of Aaron's activities. Aaron and Aldous travel to New York for Aldous's appearance on Today. To keep Aldous sober, Aaron imbibes all of Aldous's whiskey and marijuana. While performing live on Good Morning America, Aldous is unable to remember the lyrics to his recent song, African Child, and replaces it with an old hit, The Clap, to cheers from the audience. During their flight to Los Angeles, Aaron learns that Aldous has become depressed, as he misses his son and has been alienated from his own father, Jonathan (Colm Meaney), for years. Aaron suggests he visit him after the show; instead, Aldous insists they go to Las Vegas to see Jonathan. Sergio hooks up Aaron with a sexually violent girl, Destiny (Carla Gallo), who takes him to a hotel room and rapes him. After Aaron tells Aldous that he has been raped, Aldous gives him drugs to calm him down. Aaron starts to have a bad trip and believes he is having a heart attack. Jonathan agrees Aaron is having a heart attack, while Aldous attempts to calm Aaron down. Aldous fights with Jonathan; Sergio jumps into the fight, inadvertently setting the lounge on fire. Aldous attempts to help Aaron by giving him an adrenaline shot. They run out of the hotel, chased by Sergio. Aldous and Aaron flee to Los Angeles, where Aaron convinces Aldous to visit Jackie Q. Jackie has been sleeping with Metallica's drummer, Lars Ulrich (playing himself), and confesses that Naples is not actually Aldous' biological son. Meanwhile, Aaron goes to his home to apologize to Daphne. They are interrupted when Aldous arrives and proposes that they engage in a threesome. Daphne agrees and Aaron hesitantly goes along. Aaron angrily decides to kiss Aldous, ending the threesome. Daphne and Aaron both immediately regret it, and Aaron angrily tells Aldous to go, criticizing his mental state. Instead of preparing for his show, Aldous goes to the rooftop of the Standard Hotel, and calls Aaron, threatening to jump. Aaron rushes to the hotel and attempts to talk Aldous down. Instead, Aldous jumps into a pool several floors down, breaking his arm. Aldous tells Aaron that he is lonely, sad, and embarrassed, but Aaron reminds Aldous that thousands of fans love him and are waiting to see him. Aldous decides to perform at the Greek Theatre, even though Aaron pleads for him to go to the hospital. Upon their arrival, Sergio offers Aaron drugs to give to Aldous so he will not cancel the concert. Aaron, tired of Sergio's abuse, quits on the spot. Aaron walks stage-side with Aldous, trying to convince him to go to the hospital. However, Aaron sees how happy Aldous is while performing and heads home to reconcile with Daphne. Months later, Aldous, sober again, has returned to fame with a single (produced by Aaron) based on events from their night in Las Vegas.
 Kalamazoo?	American	comedy	David O'Malley	Carol (Josie Davis), Maggie (Mayim Bialik) and Joan (Joanna Clare Scott) are three friends who took different ways in their lives. The girls go back to Kalamazoo, Michigan for their 10-year high school reunion, but they discovered that a time capsule placed on their graduation night containing predictions would be opened in one week. Horrified at the thought of having their unfulfilled goals made public, they decide to steal the time capsule and destroy. But they have to deal with the life they left behind, including former loves and family.[5]
Save Your Legs!	Australian	comedy	Boyd Hicklin	Edward 'Teddy' Brown lives for his suburban cricket club and his two best friends, Rick and Stavros. But when he realizes that his beloved team mates are moving on and growing up, he's forced to take matters into his own hands and remind them of just how good cricket can be. Rallying a boyhood dream and his own teenage obsession, 35-year-old Teddy leads his very ordinary cricket team into the extraordinary heart of India, on an audacious three match tour and a mission to meet cricketing legend, Sachin Tendulkar. While Ted's best-laid plans are brought undone by the chaos of India, stumps fly, friendships fray and a life-changing comic adventure unfolds. The dream tour becomes a nightmare and the men are forced to face the realities of their friendship, confront their fears and Ted has to learn to move with the changing times.
The March Hare	British	comedy	George More O'Ferrall	Sir Charles Hare (Terence Morgan), a dissolute Irish baronet who gambles away his ancestral home and its racing stables, decides to stay on when the new American owner's attractive daughter Pat (Peggy Cummins) mistakes him for a groom. Playing along with her mistake, romance develops between the two, as Hare helps Pat rear a colt to enter into the Derby Day competition.
Hotel Sahara	British	comedy	Ken Annakin	The Hotel Sahara, situated in a desert oasis, quickly empties when the patrons learn that Italian Army has commenced hostilities in the North African Campaign. Emad, the hotel's owner, also wants to flee, but is persuaded by his fiancee, Yasmin, to stay and try to save the hotel, all he owns. The other two members of the staff also stay: Yasmin's mother, Madame Pallas, and Yusef, the major domo. The Italians take over the hotel, and Capitano Alberto Giuseppi is soon captivated by Yasmin's charms. His orderly is attracted to Madame Pallas. Later, however, the Italian Army suffers a defeat, and the small detachment is ordered to destroy any structures that may aid the enemy – including the hotel – and retreat. Fortunately, Emad sabotages their truck to distract them and disconnects their demolition charges just in time to save the hotel. Yusef fires into the air to speed the Italians on their way. Next to arrive are the British. Major Randall and Captain Cheynie both vie for Yasmin's attention, while Madame Pallas flirts with the enlisted men. Randall's assignment is to recruit the Arabs to work for the British. Emad informs the major that they prefer goods, rather than money, so he sends Cheynie and Private Binns back to requisition supplies. He also orders a dozen nylons, though Cheynie lies about not being able to find any. Randall finds out when Yasmin shows off Cheynie's gift. Emad agrees to arrange a conference with the Arabs, if only to get the British to leave; Randall sends Cheynie with Emad. While they are gone, about a dozen Germans drive up, forcing the outnumbered British to hastily leave, Randall in his bathing suit. Leutnant Gunther von Heilicke requisitions the hotel, but is (initially) immune to Yasmin's charms. He sets off Randall's booby trap, but emerges unscathed. Emad and Cheynie return to the hotel on camels, accompanied by the Arabs. Fortunately, Cheynie is dressed in native garb. Von Heilicke has the Arabs stay for a feast, then insists on being introduced to the sheiks. Before he gets to Cheynie, Yasmin provides a distraction, dressing up in the departed Fatima's costume and performing a belly dance. Cheynie sneaks away and rejoins Randall. The Germans in turn depart after they sight a large column approaching. This time, it is the French. They bring welcome news: the war is nearly over. The Germans and the British lurk in the vicinity. Then both the German leutnant and the British major come up with the same idea, to disguise themselves as Arabs (Cheynie as a veiled woman) and reconnoiter, but by the time they arrive, the French have already gone. When the three men discover each other, they start shooting. Von Heilicke flees, after running out of bullets, chased by the other two. Just when it seems it is all over, Emad and Yasmin hear an American voice.
Mischief	British	comedy	Jack Raymond	When financier Reginald Bingham leaves on a business trip to Paris, normally devoted wife Eleanor leaves for a cottage with a secret boy friend. The couple are followed by friends of her husband, who attempt to hinder the affair. However, Reginald is also tempted by a fling with an old friend in Paris.
A Lady Mislaid	British	comedy	David MacDonald	Esther (Phyllis Calvert) and her sister Jennifer (Gillian Owen) are spinsters on holiday in a remote country cottage. Things take a dramatic turn when a policeman (Alan White) calls, searching for the body of the former tenant's wife. When a human skeleton is unearthed in a chicken coup, the finger of suspicion points firmly at the previous occupant, Mr. Smith (Thorley Walters).
Onbadhule Guru	Tamil	comedy	P. T. Selvakumar	The story begins with a wedding, having the bride but the groom, Guru, missing. The bride then decides to call Guru's friend, Billa, who doesn't know where Guru is and in fact, doesn't know where he is. A flashback then begins. Running away from their lives due to various problems involving them, Billa, Ranga (Sathyan) and Kochadaiyaan (Aravind Akash), who are good friends, decide to live a bachelor life. However, before they head off, they decide to invite their good friend, Guru (Chaams). Despite the fact that Guru's wedding is in a few days time, he decides to join in the gang to live the life of bachelors. The 4 friends then take an oath to live a bachelor's life and not reveal the truth that they are married. When they reach the city of Bangalore, they approach Charles (Premgi Amaren), a college mate of theirs, who is now a multi-millionaire of Bangalore. Charles at first was scared of them as the four of them teased him in college. But after a change of mind, he decides to help them live their bachelor's life and bring them to a party. At the party, they see a model, Sanjana (Lakshmi Rai) who danced with them. After the party, Charles brings them to a private condominium where they stay. At the condo, they see Sanjana, the girl whom they saw at the party. The four of them try their best ways to get Sanjana as their girlfriend through many mischieves. After all the adventures they had together with Sanjana, Guru decides to have a bachelor party as he is about to get married. However, the next day, Guru is missing and the four friends end up being drunk and in police uniform. Billa, Ranga and Kochadaiyaan get caught by DSP Balram Naidu (played by director K.S. Ravikumar) and soon are advised by him to love their wives and not leave them. After their encounter with Balram Naidu, they decide to search for Guru but in the end get kidnapped. The trio end up in a warehouse and surprisingly, Sanjana appears and to be even more shocking, she appears as a gangster. It is then revealed that she is the mastermind who kidnapped Guru as the 4 of them kept following her to win her heart, which was all caught on videotape. She then asks them to give her Rs. 2 crores of money to release Guru such that he can make it for his wedding, and also such that they can take the videotape with them to avoid it being shared to others. They then get the required money, give it to Sanjana and run out of Bangalore, vowing to never see Sanjana ever again and taking good care of their wives. Back in Chennai, they arrive in the nick of time for Guru's wedding, but just before the wedding commences, Apple (Geetha Singh), Billa's wife, stops the wedding and threatens everyone by using a time bomb attached to her waist. Billa consults her and he apologises. This follows with the 4 of them, and Charles, running away from his wife, reuniting with their wives. Charles also reunites with his new wife, which is his college teacher whom he love back in college. But yet again, they run away and thereafter, the story continues.
The House Bunny	American	comedy	Fred Wolf	Shelley Darlington (Anna Faris) is an aspiring Playboy Playmate living the life of luxury in the Playboy Mansion. The day after her 27th birthday, she awakes to find a note, seemingly from Hugh Hefner, asking her to pack up and leave. She happens to stumble upon a group of girls who remind her of herself: beautiful and fun. She follows them and sees that they live in luxury too. They turn out to be the Phi Iota Mu sorority, and snobbishly reject her when she tries to join them. She makes her way down to the Zeta Alpha Zeta house, which appears to be far less luxurious than the first sorority she visited. The members of the Zeta house are dowdy, socially awkward, and caught off guard by Shelley's bubbly nature, prompting them to initially reject her. Once they see Shelley's ability to attract boys, the Zetas change their mind and take in Shelley as their new house mother, hoping that she can save them: their sorority is in danger of being shut down unless they can get thirty new pledges to join. During her time spent with the Zetas, Shelley meets and becomes attracted to an intellectual, altruistic guy named Oliver (Colin Hanks), who works at a retirement home. Shelley goes out on a date with Oliver, and while her flirty tactics work with most guys, they fail with him, for he is a guy who actually wants to get to know Shelley rather than just sleep with her. To impress Oliver on their upcoming second date, Shelley starts attending classes and reading books, and tones down her appearance. The second date is also a disaster because she wears glasses that aren't meant for her, and brings along note cards to help her sound smart. Having gotten a makeover and lessons on how to attract guys and be popular, the Zetas throw a party, which is a huge success. Later, the Zetas are reviewing the girls who are hoping to pledge to Zeta, but their new popularity has made them conceited. When they realize what they've become, they blame Shelley—just as she returns from her unsuccessful date. Although Shelley had just been invited back to the Playboy Mansion (after Hefner had learned of the forged dismissal) and decided to stay with the Zetas, the unexpected attack from them makes her reconsider, and she calls back to accept the invitation. The Zetas then feel guilty, and decide to give themselves a second makeover, this time being Half-Shelley and Half-Themselves. They also decide to draw the pledges out at random, instead of judging them. They show up at Shelley's photo shoot and ask for her to come back, to which she agrees, having changed her mind about her dream of being a centerfold. The rival Phi Iota Mu sorority intercepts the invitations and prevents them from being mailed out, so the Zetas are again in danger of being shut down at the campus meeting of the Panhellenic Council. Shelley crashes the meeting and gives a heartfelt speech about what her experience with the Zetas has taught her about love and acceptance, and asks for pledges on the spot; gradually thirty students agree to pledge, and the sorority is saved. Oliver and Shelley reconcile, and Shelley explains that she likes Oliver a lot and was trying too hard to impress him. They decide to start over with their relationship and Oliver is looking forward to getting to know the real Shelley. The film ends with Zetas and their new pledges celebrating. Shelley has remained in close contact with Hefner and her friends at the Playboy Mansion.
The Honeymooners	American	comedy	John Schultz	The Kramdens and the Nortons are working-class neighbors; bus-driver Ralph Kramden (Cedric the Entertainer) and sewer worker Ed Norton (Epps) are best friends. Ralph is constantly masterminding get-rich-quick schemes with which Ed tries to help. The driving force behind them is their wives, Alice Kramden (Gabrielle Union) and Trixie Norton (Regina Hall); the men are trying to make enough money to afford the homes they think their wives deserve. Meanwhile, Alice and Trixie make ends meet by waitressing at the local diner.
Monster-in-Law	American	comedy	Robert Luketic	Charlie Cantilini (Jennifer Lopez) is a temp/dog walker/yoga instructor and aspiring fashion designer from Venice Beach, California, who meets doctor Kevin Fields (Michael Vartan). She thinks he's gay at first, based on a lie Kevin's former girlfriend Fiona (Monet Mazur) told her. But then Kevin asks her out, and Charlie believes that she's finally found the right man. Things start to go wrong when Kevin introduces Charlie to his mother, Viola Fields (Jane Fonda). Viola is a former newscaster, who has recently been replaced by someone younger, and is in the midst of a meltdown. Loathing Charlie from the outset, Viola becomes even more distraught when Kevin proposes to Charlie. Fearing that she'll lose her son the same way she lost her career, she sets out to ruin Kevin and Charlie's relationship. With Ruby (Wanda Sykes), her assistant, she tries everything possible to drive Charlie away. Charlie eventually catches on to Viola's plan and fights back. On Charlie's wedding day, Viola turns up wearing a white dress instead of the peach-colored dress specially made for her. This leads to a violent stand-off between the two, leading with Viola refusing to accept Charlie and states she'll never be good enough for Kevin. Suddenly, Viola's own dreadful mother-in-law, Kevin's grandmother, Gertrude Fields (Elaine Stritch), appears and they have an indignant argument, while Gertrude takes a liking to Charlie, saying she is stunning, her grandson is a lucky man, that she is an exotic Latina, and if only her son, Kevin's father, was as lucky to find a woman like Charlie. Gertrude's resentment of Viola bears a strong resemblance to Viola's feelings of animosity toward Charlie. Gertrude even believes that Kevin's father had died years ago of terminal disappointment, for which Gertrude holds Viola responsible. Viola counters stating Gertrude smothered him to death, because she thought nobody was ever good enough for him (basically similar to how Viola is). Gertrude, satisfied she got her last word in, leaves; showing she still favors Charlie. Charlie decides to back–down as she witnesses Gertrude and Viola's relationship. Nothing's going to change, she laments to Viola after Gertrude leaves the room, In thirty years that will be us. Charlie exits to tell Kevin that the wedding is off. But before that can happen, Ruby enters and talks with Viola. Viola is miffed that Charlie compared her to Gertrude, although Ruby points out that Viola is actually far worse than Gertrude, as she doesn't ever recall Gertrude trying to poison Viola once, referring to earlier at the rehearsal dinner when Viola put crushed nuts (to which Charlie is highly allergic) in the meal's gravy. Ruby points out that Viola's efforts against Charlie to make Kevin happy are unwarranted. Whatever made you think he wasn't? is her final point. Viola has an epiphany and realizes that she wants Charlie to stay, and they reconcile, ending the feud. Charlie then explains to Viola that she wants her to stay, too, on one condition: if Viola accepts the boundaries Charlie needs, if she is present at any family event, and if she treats her children with love. Charlie and Kevin then get married and when Charlie throws her wedding bouquet, Viola catches the flowers. As Charlie and Kevin drive away to their honeymoon, the film ends as Viola and Ruby walk out of the celebration.
Grandma's Boy	American	comedy	Nicholaus Goossen	Alex (Allen Covert) is a single, 35-year-old video game tester who lives with his friend Josh (Jonathan Loughran). When Josh wastes their rent money on Filipino hookers, their landlord (Rob Schneider) kicks them out, and Alex has to find a new place to live. Alex tries to stay with his marijuana dealer, Dante (Peter Dante), but cannot do so because Dante is adopting a wild lion to live in the house. Alex spends one night with his co-worker Jeff (Nick Swardson), but Jeff still lives with his parents. After an embarrassing encounter with Jeff's mom, in which he is caught masturbating in the bathroom and subsequently ejaculates on her, Alex is forced to move in with his grandmother Lilly (Doris Roberts) and her two eccentric friends, Bea (Shirley Knight) and Grace (Shirley Jones). Alex is given many chores and fix-up projects to do around the house, but has a hard time completing them because his grandmother and her friends are a constant distraction. He also finds it hard to get any work done. Alex discovers that the three women have a fascination with the television program Antiques Roadshow and later is able to get some work finished by giving them tickets to attend a taping of the show. At work, Alex meets the attractive Samantha (Linda Cardellini), who has been sent by the company's corporate office to oversee the production of a new video game. Alex and Samantha hit it off, but the only person in the way of their relationship is the creator of the game they are all working on, J.P. (Joel Moore), a self-proclaimed genius who is obsessed with video games and has a crush on Samantha. Samantha is not interested in J.P. and declines his constant advances. Meanwhile, in an attempt to sound cool to his younger co-workers (Jonah Hill and Kelvin Yu), Alex says that he is living with three hot babes. Alex's friends believe the lie and actually think the reason he is so tired every day at work is because he is living with three women who constantly wear him out in the bedroom. The real cause of his fatigue is because he stays up late at night working on his own video game, called Demonik, which he has been developing in secret for some time. Lilly asks about the game one night and he teaches her to play it. To his surprise, she becomes quite good at it and beats many levels. After Alex and his co-workers finish successfully testing Eternal Death Slayer 3, their boss Mr. Cheezle (Kevin Nealon) tells Samantha to take the boys out to eat at a vegan restaurant, but they instead make fun of the restaurant and their waiter (David Spade) when they arrive, and then leave to a burger shop. When Jeff has to use the bathroom and refuses to use the one in the restaurant, Alex is forced to take everyone to his house. Alex comes home to find that Lilly, Grace, and Bea drank all of his pot, which they thought was tea. When Samantha admits to smoking weed too, Alex calls up Dante and throws a wild party. During the party, the group prank-calls J.P. and leaves him a voicemail that makes fun of him about wanting to be a robot. J.P. is upset by the message and shows up at Lilly's house a couple nights later in tears. Feeling bad for him, Alex agrees to let him borrow his only copy of Demonik and test it out for a few days. In retaliation for Alex making his life miserable, and having become accustomed to stealing others' ideas, J.P. steals the game and tries to pass it off as his own at work. Mr. Cheezle does not believe Alex when he insists the game is his, since it was his only copy, so his friends call Lilly to the office. Because she has mastered the game already, she plays J.P. and wins to prove it belongs to Alex. In the end, Alex is vindicated and creates a successful game. Alex and Samantha start dating.
Helter Skelter	British	comedy	Ralph Thomas	Susan Graham (Carol Marsh) is a discontented heiress whose joint guardians (Mervyn Johns and Peter Haddon) are both trying to get her married to their odious nephews (Peter Hammond and Geoffrey Sumner, respectively). On her nineteenth birthday, the five of them visit a nightclub called the Magnolia Club; also present happens to be radio star Nick Martin (David Tomlinson), whom Susan detests. When she is inadvertently seated at Martin's table directly in front of the floor show, she refuses to move, and Martin, despite his radio reputation as a fearless detective, is too intimidated by her hauteur to insist. This, however, proves to be a mixed blessing for Susan; when the evening's principal performer, a ventriloquist, comes out, she laughs so hard at his routine that she gets a bad case of the hiccups. She attempts to cure them by getting a drink of water, but succeeds only in getting caught in the crossfire of a pie fight. Four days later, Susan's hiccups still haven’t stopped, and her doctor (Wilfrid Hyde-White) recommends that her guardians take her to a certain haunted house for a good fright. On the way, they stop at a pub for directions, and Susan runs into Nick Martin again. At first, she is still chilly towards him, but then the narrator (Richard Hearne) shoots the two of them with Cupid's arrow, and they immediately fall in love. Martin's overbearing mother (Judith Furse), however, soon comes to take him away – but not before the two of them have arranged a rendezvous. The plot then proceeds to the haunted house, where Susan's guardians, not believing in the ghost, have hired an actor to play the part. Susan, however, slips away to her rendezvous before he begins working; consequently, she still has the hiccups when Mrs Martin finds her and Nick trysting together. This fact doesn’t amuse Mrs Martin, who apparently believes that hiccups are contagious; she forbids Susan to see her son again, and suggests that she see a psychiatrist (Jimmy Edwards) about her problem. The psychiatrist concludes that, because Susan got the hiccups from laughing, she can rid herself of them if she laughs that hard again. He recommends “a fellow on a BBC show called Jimmy Edwards”; Susan accordingly goes to the BBC studios, where, naturally enough, she meets Nick again. The two of them arrange a date at the Magnolia Club, ostensibly so Susan can cure her hiccups by laughing at the ventriloquist again, but really so they can gaze into each other's eyes all night. Their reverie is interrupted, however, by Mrs Martin, who shows up at the club and orders her son home. When Nick fails to stand up to her, Susan, disgusted, storms out of the club, inspiring Nick, a little too late, to develop a backbone and tell his mother off. Returning home, Susan writes a letter to Nick breaking off their relationship, but the Martin address turns out to be unlisted. She therefore returns to the BBC and leaves the letter on his microphone; on her way back out, however, she mistakes the door and ends up locking herself in a supply closet. The next morning, she turns up missing; Nick, frantic, sets all of England looking for her, and at first refuses to broadcast until she's found. Being persuaded, however, that his program is necessary for the social stability of the nation, he returns to the BBC that evening; in the course of the broadcast, the closet door is opened, and Susan tumbles out, unconscious. She is, however, quickly revived – and, what is more, when she sees her guardians’ nephews (who have inadvertently locked themselves into, and then flooded, the mixing room), she bursts out laughing, thereby finally curing herself of the hiccups. She and Nick fall into each other's arms, and all ends happily.
Poisons or the World History of Poisoning	Russian	comedy	Karen Shakhnazarov	Young family of Volkov's, Oleg and Katya, move to an apartment they bought and get acquainted with their neighbor, locksmith Arnold Sharapov. Right during a friendly dinner Katya cheats on her husband. Frustrated Oleg decides to drown his sorrows in alcohol, but at the bar accidentally meets Ivan Petrovich Prokhorov, pensioner, whose wife in his time was also unfaithful. In a conversation with the nice old man, Oleg learns that Prokhorov punished his wife by slipping poison into her yogurt. And now Ivan strongly persuades Oleg to also kill his unfaithful wife, using a small collection of poisons which Prokhorov constantly carries with him. After some hesitation Oleg decides to do the terrible thing, but random interference from his mother-in-law Eugenia Ivanovna Kholodkova saves the wife of the hapless poisoner. As a result of a family quarrel, Oleg leaves the house and is a guest of Zoya, wife of Arnold, who in turn drove her traitor-husband out of the house. Oleg and Zoya fall in love with each other and decide to live together. But the former spouses of the loving couple, consumed with anger and envy decide to destroy them. On the advice of the insidious mother-in-law Evgenia Ivanovna, Arnold and Katya want to invite Oleg and Zoya to dinner together and poison them by feeding them contaminated burgers. Learning this, Oleg first seeks the advice of experienced poisoner Prokhorov, who offers a number of retaliatory steps brilliant in their deviousness. But in the end Oleg decides to let go peacefully, both couples divorce, Oleg and Zoya begin together an existence full of love and mutual interests ... Throughout the action, under the influence of Prokhorov's stories about famous poisoners Oleg often daydreams, imagining crimes of these villains. Central figure in Oleg's visions becomes Pope Alexander VI Borgia, the famous medieval poisoner and a victim of his own treachery ...
Helen's Babies	American	comedy	William A. Seiter	Toodie and Budge are identified as the two best children in the world. They enjoy a comfortable life with their parents Tom and Helen Lawrence. Helen's brother is Harry Burton, a wealthy bachelor who, although never having had one, is an expert on knowing how to raise children. When Tom and Helen receive a letter from Harry, in which he announces he will travel to them for a vacation, they see an opportunity to get a break from the kids. Knowing that Harry is an expert on children, they assume that he will appreciate the gesture and leave just after he arrives. Unbeknownst to them, Harry only wrote a book about raising children because his publisher told him to, and actually he isn't fond of children at all. He reluctantly takes the position as the babysitter of his nieces and is escorted by Alice Mayton, the Lawrence's attractive neighbor. It soon becomes clear that Harry won't get any rest, as the careless girls often annoy him by getting themselves into danger or going through his possessions. Many of the dangerous situations Toodie gets herself into include climbing a tree and attempting to shave herself. Although they always try to help him out, Toodie and Budge only make things worse. Harry is only irritated by their constant attempts to comfort him and isn't able to take advantage of his own advice on raising children. He writes Helen a letter, in which he threatens to abandon the girls if she doesn't return immediately. However, before he is able to send it he is interrupted by a visit from Alice. Alice has always been a big admirer of his work, but notices that he isn't a real expert on parenting. Giving him the benefit of the doubt, she invites him over for dinner. Harry, secretly having a crush on Alice, accepts the invitation and shreds the letter into pieces. He wants to win over her affection at dinner and buys some fancy flowers. Unbeknownst to him, Toodie had secretly replaced the flowers with her doll. As he hands Alice the box, she is surprised to receive the doll, but thinks of it as a comic gesture. While Harry and Alice grow closer, the children run away to follow a dog they notice. Harry and Alice immediately start to look for them and they cross a group of Spanish gypsies. Noticing a piece of clothing on the ground belonging to one of the girls, Harry suspects that they have kidnapped the girls and violently starts to look for them. Meanwhile, the girls are playing with the dog on the railroad tracks and are almost hit by a train. Coincidentally, Tom and Helen are traveling on that train to surprise the girls with an early return. They are devastated that their daughters almost died and think that Harry is fully responsible. They start yelling at Harry, until they find out how fond the daughters are of him. The film ends with Harry and Alice kissing each other.
Dear Mr. Prohack	British	comedy	Thornton Freeland	A civil servant who is extremely frugal with the government's money, suddenly inherits a large fortune and becomes a spendthrift.
Bajatey Raho	Bollywood	comedy	Shashant Shah	A crooked businessman Mohanlal Sabbarwahl (Ravi Kissen) swindles people of their hard-earned money and frames an honest bank officer, Mr. Baweja, and his assistant Zaira. Unable to handle the humiliation of having been arrested, Baweja dies due to cardiac arrest. Now Sukhi (Tusshar Kapoor), Mrs. Baweja aka mummyji (Dolly Ahluwalia), Zaira's husband Mintoo (Vinay Pathak) and their well-wisher Ballu (Ranvir Shorey) must somehow return 15 crore to the investors to save Baweja's name and to free Zaira. They devise various plans to con Sabbarwahl and strategically loot back the investor's money. In their first act Sukhi and Ballu do a sting operation on the principal of a school run by Sabbarwahl and extort 3 crore from him. Next Mummyji and Mintoo, both disguised as food inspectors, raid Sabbarwahl's milk factory where his two brothers-in-law were producing artificial milk. Sabbarwahl asks them to secretly transfer all the cash in the factory to his girlfriend's flat in a fridge. Sukhi and Ballu follow them and try to exchange the fridge with an empty one but Sabbarwahl reaches the flat on time and the plan fails. This creates a rift between Suhki and Ballu. As per their last plan, Sukhi's girlfriend Manpreet (Vishakha Singh), posing as dance trainer, goes to Sabbarwahl's house to spy on him. They soon come to know that Sabbarwahl, busy preparing for his daughter's wedding, has promised to pay 15 crore to her in-laws, the Kapoors. Meanwhile, Mummyji and Mintoo, disguised as Hansal builders, instigate the Kapoors against Sabbarwahl. Finally on the wedding night, Sukhi and Ballu dressed as caterers sneak into Sabbarwahl's farmhouse and hide all the money in gift packs. Sabbarwahl unknowingly distributes all the money hidden in gift boxes to guests who were actually the investors. On knowing the truth about Sukhi and the group, Sabbarwahl attacks them with a gun, only to be confronted by his own daughter. Sabbarwahl confesses to his crime and is later jailed for seven years, which completes the revenge of the Baweja family.
A Serious Man	American	comedy	Joel and Ethan Coen	In a prologue, a Jewish man in an unnamed 19th-century Eastern European shtetl tells his wife that he was helped on his way home by Reb Groshkover, whom he has invited in for soup. She says Groshkover is dead and the man he invited must be a dybbuk. Groshkover arrives and laughs off the accusation, but she plunges an ice pick into his chest. Bleeding, he exits their home into the snowy night. In 1967,[3] Larry Gopnik is a professor of physics living in St. Louis Park, Minnesota. His wife, Judith, tells him that she needs a get so she can marry widower Sy Ableman, with whom she has fallen in love. Meanwhile, their son Danny owes twenty dollars for marijuana to an intimidating Hebrew school classmate. He has the money, but it is hidden in a transistor radio that was confiscated by his teacher. Daughter Sarah is always washing her hair and going out. Larry's brother, Arthur, sleeps on the couch and spends his free time filling a notebook with what he calls a probability map of the universe. Larry faces an impending vote on his application for tenure, and his department head lets slip that anonymous letters have urged the committee to deny him. Clive Park, a South Korean student worried about losing his scholarship, meets with Larry in his office to argue he should not fail the class. After he leaves, Larry finds an envelope stuffed with cash. When Larry attempts to return it, Clive's father threatens to sue Larry either for defamation if Larry accuses Clive of bribery, or for keeping the money if he does not give him a passing grade. At the insistence of Judith and Sy, Larry and Arthur move into a nearby motel. Judith empties the couple's bank accounts, leaving Larry penniless, so he enlists the services of a divorce attorney. Larry learns Arthur faces charges of solicitation and sodomy. Larry turns to his Jewish faith for consolation. He consults two rabbis but his synagogue's senior rabbi, Marshak, is never available. The first, a junior rabbi, advises Larry that he lacks perspective; the second rabbi tells Larry a parable about a dentist. Larry and Sy are involved in separate, simultaneous car crashes. Larry is unharmed, but Sy dies. At Judith's insistence, Larry pays for Sy's funeral. At the funeral, Sy is eulogized as a serious man. While her husband is away on business, Larry calls on his neighbor, Vivienne Samsky, whom he has seen sunbathing naked, and she introduces him to marijuana. He later dreams that he is having sex with her, but this turns into another nightmare. Larry is proud and moved by Danny's Bar Mitzvah, unaware that his son is under the influence of marijuana and unable to read the Torah. During the service, Judith apologizes to Larry for all the recent trouble and informs him that Sy liked him so much that he even wrote letters to the tenure committee. Danny meets with Marshak, in a brief encounter in which Marshak only quotes Jefferson Airplane's Somebody to Love, names some members of the band and returns the radio while counseling Danny to be a good boy. Larry's department head compliments him on Danny's bar mitzvah and hints that he will receive tenure. The mail brings a $3,000 bill from Arthur's lawyer. Larry decides to amend Clive's mark from F to C−, whereupon Larry's doctor calls, asking to see him immediately about the results of a chest X-ray. At the same moment, Danny's teacher struggles to open the emergency shelter as a massive tornado closes in on the school.
Bello, onesto, emigrato Australia sposerebbe compaesana illibata	Australian	comedy	Luigi Zampa	At the end of World War II, the promise of jobs and a chance to start a new life induced tens of thousands of young Italians to join the post-war immigration to Australia. In 1971, having lived about twenty-five years Down Under, one of those immigrants, middle-aged Amedeo Battipaglia, a lineman in the remote New South Wales settlement bearing the (fictional) name of Bun Bun Ga, several kilometers from the outback city of Broken Hill, is about to meet Carmela, his prospective bride from Rome, with whom he has been corresponding. Each of them misrepresented facts to the other — Carmela, a very attractive woman in her early thirties, is a semiliterate prostitute seeking an opportunity to get away from her abusive pimp, with the letters to Amedeo ghostwritten by her friend Rosalba, while Amedeo, feeling inadequate about his ordinary appearance, sent Carmela a photograph, taken about twenty years earlier, of himself between two Italian immigrant friends, Giuseppe Bartoni and Bampo. The arrow in the photo, however, is over Giuseppe because, when Amedeo visited his tall, handsome friend for advice, Giuseppe erased the arrow over Amedeo's head and pencilled it over his own head. In Rome, getting a ride to the airport on the back of a friend's motorcycle, with her pimp in pursuit, Carmela arrives at the boarding gate, meets Rosalba who hands her the travel documents, has a final across-the-gate shouting match with her pimp, and takes a seat in Qantas first class next to a turbaned passenger perusing Life (issue of 19 February 1971).[3] A stewardess points out that her ticket is for tourist class with special discount for immigrants. Meanwhile, Amedeo drives his substandard auto nearly 1600 kilometers to Brisbane Airport, where Carmela's flight, filled with other Italian mail-order brides (as well as those from neighboring Yugoslavia) will land. Sitting at the airport lounge with numerous Italian men awaiting their future wives, they pass around outdated photographs that the women had sent to their prospective mates and speculate whether their appearances had changed. Still uncertain of recognizing Carmela from the black-and-white photo of her as a young peasant girl, he examines and questions a few of the newly arrived women and then is hit with realization as she slowly comes into view on the down escalator. Becoming disconcerted by her beauty, he retreats to the airport's bar where, sharing a drink with a balding Italian who sent a photo of himself with a full head of hair, he expresses his own self-doubts. Convinced that she will reject him, he returns to the arrivals area, introduces himself as Giuseppe and hands her a note, purportedly written by Amedeo, explaining that he is ill with the flu and requesting that Giuseppe, a trusted friend, provide an escort to her new home. Unable to decide how to resolve this situation, Amedeo tells Carmela that driving to Giuseppe's home in Broken Hill would take three days, but as the trip starts, they are seen riding not southwest of Brisbane, but thousands of kilometers off-course in the city of Cairns, a gateway to the Great Barrier Reef in Queensland's tropical far north. The brightly colored lush greenery provides a picturesque background for an eventful multi-day journey down the coast of eastern Australia, with one of the stops at Barrier Reef's Dunk Island,[4] a popular tourist vacation spot, which provides the opportunity for the rental of a rowboat and, as Amedeo rows, Carmela strips to her underwear and dives into the warm water, revealing her skill as an expert swimmer, speedily maneuvering amidst brilliantly colored fish and corals, while Amedeo sits in the boat, peering downward with concern. As the long trip to Broken Hill continues, they become better acquainted and she learns of his hardships as an immigrant and also finds out, since it happens in front of her, that, due to a years-earlier bout of malaria, he is subject to occasional epileptic-like convulsions which leave him unable to function for a few hours. Further along, they stop for a visit to the nursing home where Bampo is a long-term patient, having become unresponsive as a result of malarial damage to his brain and nervous system. As Amedeo's small auto, unable to withstand the long journey, breaks down, they push and pull into a town and try to sell it in an Italian-speaking neighborhood, but run into some hostile local Italians who force Carmela into their car and drive away with her while Amedeo hangs on to their door handle, as the car veers off into a ditch and flips on its side. Shaken but unhurt, they go off to board a train, but when he has another malarial attack during a station stop and she rushes off the train to get help, it pulls out, leaving her behind. Seeing no other recourse, she decides to briefly take up her former profession in order to earn enough for continuing the journey. Now on her own, she takes a later train and, as it stops at the small town of Menindee, she sees Amedeo waiting at the station. Reunited, they continue to Broken Hill, which is a little over a hundred kilometers further. Upon arrival, Carmela meets Giuseppe, whom Amedeo, still pretending to be Giuseppe, introduces as her betrothed, Amedeo. After a few pleasantries, Giuseppe who, as it turns out, is himself a pimp, leaves after driving Carmela to the back entrance of what he describes as her new apartment, but which quickly reveals itself as a prostitute's walk-up house situated in the city's red light district amidst numerous other such dwellings, each with its own resident working girl sitting on the porch. Amedeo finds out where Giuseppe has taken Carmela, goes to the red light neighborhood and approaches her porch, hoping to offer an explanation, but she goes inside to get her switchblade and attacks him, inflicting a stab wound in his shoulder. Eventually, Carmela and Amedeo, with his arm in a sling, are on a train, as he is still trying to convince her of his honorable intentions by offering to pay for her trip back to Italy but she begins to cry that she was a prostitute there and, upon returning, would be beaten by her pimp. Dismayed and outraged, he jumps up and exclaims (in Italian) to all the passengers that she has cheated and deceived him, but when she tells him that he was equally untruthful, he says that he forgives her and she slaps him, retorting that no one needs his forgiveness. At this point, the train is slowing to a stop and, upon spotting from the window the remoteness of the outback, she refuses to disembark at the tiny Bun Bun Ga railway shack in the middle of the desert. As she is cajoled and then forcibly pulled off the train by Amedeo and two of his Italian friends who regularly travel this route, the spectacle is witnessed, several meters further, by the group of local English-speaking residents, brandishing a WELCOME CARMELA sign, who had come to meet the train. As Amedeo and Carmela approach, a little girl among the greeters slips a 45 record into a portable player which starts to emit Wagner's Bridal Chorus, while one of the men takes out a sheet of paper and reads a speech, which Amedeo interprets for Carmela into Italian: Dear Carmela, this is a historical day for Bun Bun Ga. Carmela, you come from the noble and ancient country that is Italy. The country of Julius Caesar, the country of Michelangelo, of Galileo, the country of Guglielmo Marconi, the country of Caruso, of Bartali, and Pope Giovanni. Carmela, you come to this corner of the desert to bring us a little breath of your old civilisation. As the train leaves the station, Amedeo can be seen through one of its windows carrying Carmela bridegroom-style into his/their house.
His Wedding Night	American	comedy	Roscoe Arbuckle	Arbuckle plays a drug store clerk, soda jerk, and gas station attendant, who can be both lazy and dishonest. After he mixes a soda for one customer with elaborate gestures and juggling of utensils, he attends the perfume counter, where another customer has been indulging herself with a free sample. After he confronts her, he is distracted while an African American customer steps up to the counter. When the clerk hugs her and then realizes it is a different customer, he almost faints. Later on, while still on the job, he proposes to his boss's daughter Alice (Alice Mann), and she gleefully accepts. The scene then switches to the gas pump, where Arbuckle's character switches the sign to a higher price when a person with an expensive car drives up. After the car drives away, he drinks from the pump. Meanwhile inside, Al (Al St. John), another admirer of Alice, also proposes to her while they are eating watermelon. When she is tells him she is already engaged to the soda clerk, Al becomes outraged and begins causing a commotion in the store. After a food fight that involves several customers, the owner of the store throws Al out. Later in the day a delivery boy (Buster Keaton), after a prat fall over a bicycle rack, delivers Alice's wedding dress to her room above the store. He agrees to model it for her when she expresses worry that it will not fit her. When a male customer enters and annoys the clerk, he puts chloroform in the sample bottle to knock him out if he comes in again. The male customer never returns, but several female customers end up knocking themselves out. When a pretty woman arrives, Fatty deliberately knocks her unconscious so he can kiss her. He knocks out his boss, who could be a witness, as well. After he sees another customer sampling the perfume, he is shocked when it has no effect on her, even when she drinks it. He investigates by spraying himself with the perfume but is himself knocked out. With Arbuckle's character unconscious, Al, the rejected lover, sneaks into the store with his gang and kidnaps the delivery boy, thinking it is Alice, since his face was covered by a wedding veil. They tie him up and put a sack over his head and, escaping out of the second story window, take the delivery boy by to the justice of the peace's office. There they attempt to force the justice of peace to marry them at gunpoint. However, the soda clerk regains consciousness and, thinking the group has actually kidnapped Alice, pursues the group, but only after he comically struggles with a mule that he wants to hook to a wagon. He thwarts the gang just in time. He then convinces the justice of the peace to marry him to the delivery boy, whom, since his head is still covered in the sack, he thinks is Alice. Alice, discovering what has happened, gets on a bicycle and heads to the justice of the peace's office as well. She arrives in time to stop the clerk from marrying the delivery boy. Arbuckle's character then throws Keaton's character into the room with Al and his henchmen. While that scene of slapstick fighting goes on in that room, the soda clerk and Alice must have been married, for in the final scene the clerk pays the justice of the peace but then sprays him with the chloroform in the perfume bottle and takes his money back. The film ends long before the newly wed couple reach their wedding night, as the title might have suggested would be forthcoming.
Made of Honor	American	comedy	Paul Weiland	On Halloween night, 1998, at Cornell University, Tom Bailey, Jr. (Patrick Dempsey), in costume as Bill Clinton, slips into bed with his pre-arranged date, Monica. It turns out to be the wrong woman, Monica's roommate Hannah (Michelle Monaghan), and Tom likes her because she is so honest and does not fling herself at him. Ten years later, Hannah and Tom are best friends. Tom is very wealthy because of his creation of the coffee collar and gets a dime every time it is used. Tom is with a different girl every week, while Hannah focuses on her career at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. He is very content with his life, suspecting that Hannah is too. After Tom takes Hannah to his father's (Sydney Pollack) sixth wedding, Hannah tells Tom she must go to Scotland for work. While she's gone, Tom discovers that without her, being with another woman week after week is not very fulfilling. He realizes that he loves Hannah and decides to tell her his feelings when she gets back. Upon returning, Hannah surprisingly announces she is engaged to a wealthy Scot named Colin (Kevin McKidd). Hannah asks Tom to be her maid of honor for her wedding. After discussing it with his friends, Tom decides to be her maid of honor, only to spend time with her and try to convince her she does not even know Colin, as well as making her realize that he loves her and she should be marrying him. After arriving in Scotland at Eilean Donan Castle for the wedding, Tom realizes he is running out of time to stop Hannah. He meets all of Colin's family and must perform in a variant of the Highland Games, in which the groom must compete to prove himself worthy of his bride. Tom is also in the competition with Colin but loses in the last round. Tom takes Hannah out for a walk, hoping to tell her how he feels. The other bridesmaids interrupt for Hannah's bachelorette party. On her Hen Night, Hannah parades around a pub and sells her kisses for change. As she goes around, Hannah then kisses Tom. Though it just started as a peck on the cheek, it turns into a passionate kiss. That night, Hannah confronts Tom to ask about the kiss. When she gets to his room, her drunk cousin is there, trying to have sex with him. Hannah leaves and Tom runs after her. He knocks on her door, pleading for her to let him in. She refuses and asks about the kiss. He tells her he knew he, not Colin, was the one for her. She refuses to say that she thinks so too and instead tells Tom that she still expects to marry Colin the next day. Tom cannot go through with watching Hannah and Colin get married so he decides to go home. When questioned about his sudden departure shortly before the wedding is to take place, Hannah informs Colin that Tom is just afraid of losing her. On the way home, Tom realizes that he must stop the wedding and goes back on horseback. Just when the priest asks for objections, Tom is sent flying off his horse and through the chapel doors. Seeing her best friend on the floor, Hannah rushes to him. As he struggles to stand up, he tells her that he loves her more than anything and that she should marry him. They then share a kiss. Hannah tells Colin that she is very sorry and that he is the perfect guy, just not the perfect guy for her. Colin's grandmother then tells Colin, in Scots, to deck Tom, which he does without hesitation. Hannah and Tom eventually get married. Melissa catches the bouquet and then links arms with Tom's dad, to which he says Number 6? and his lawyer says 7. Hannah and Tom go on their honeymoon. Tom turns on the light just to see if he has got the right girl and Hannah replies You do. The two kiss and as Hannah turns off the light, Tom says Oh, Monica and Hannah replies Oh, Bill.
The House	American	comedy	Andrew J. Cohen	During their visit to Bucknell University, husband and wife Scott (Ferrell) and Kate Johansen (Poehler) warn their daughter of the dangers of being in college. Alex (Simpkins) acknowledges her parents' warnings and expresses her interest in attending the same University her parents went to. Alex gets accepted to the University, which the Johansens expect to be funded by their community's scholarship program. Unfortunately during a community town hall meeting, city councilor Bob Schaeffer (Kroll) announces that they will not be doing the scholarship program in favor of building a community pool, to which everyone but the Johansens agrees. The Johansens try to find funding through asking for a loan, a salary raise for Scott, and getting Kate's job back, but are denied. They reluctantly agree to go with their friend and neighbor, Frank Theodorakis (Mantzoukas), who is going through a divorce with wife Raina (Watkins) due to his gambling and porn addiction to a previously planned trip to Las Vegas. After numerous wins playing craps they lose their winnings after Scott jinxes the table by telling Frank not to roll a seven. Back home, Frank convinces the Johansens to start an underground casino in his own house to raise money for their daughter's tuition and to help him get his wife back. The casino operation proves to be running smoothly as they gain more customers. In another community town hall meeting, Bob becomes suspicious, as there are only a few attendees, and suspends the meeting until after launching an investigation. Back to the Johansens' casino, Frank discovers that one of the gamblers, Carl (Zissis), is counting cards. The Johansens and Frank confront him, but he brags that he works for mob boss Tommy Papouli (Renner). Scott accidentally chops off Carl's middle finger, earning him the nickname The Butcher, and makes the community afraid of him, which inadvertently increases their profits. Several thousand dollars away from reaching their goal, they are caught by Bob and officer Chandler (Huebel), who confiscate their money and order them to close down the casino. Nonetheless, they continue their business. The house burns down after being invaded by Tommy Papouli, whom the Johansens accidentally set on fire. Having admitted their plot to Alex, they team up with officer Chandler, who had let them loose, to steal the money back from Bob. Officer Chandler convinces Bob that the three still continued the casino even after he had ordered them to stop and shows a video of the people mocking him. Bob asks Officer Chandler to go with him to arrest the Johansens at the casino, which gives the Johansens the chance to steal their money back. Dawn (Tolman) alerts Bob that the Johansens are in the town hall, which convinces Bob to go back. Bob tries to make Officer Chandler drive faster, but gets into an accident himself. Bob runs back on foot to the town hall to find the Johansens with the money. After chasing the Johansens, Bob reveals his personal interest with the casino money as well as his plot to steal money from the city budget for himself and Dawn, who leaves him and returns to her husband (Scovel). Bob is arrested, while Scott and Kate use the money they took back from him to pay for their daughter's college tuition.
Itty Bitty Titty Committee	American	comedy	Jamie Babbit	Anna has been rejected by her college, her girlfriend broke up with her, and her big sister is getting married. She meets Sadie, who invites her to join Clits In Action, or C(i)A, a radical Third-wave feminist group. Anna soon gets in touch with her political side.[2] She takes part in illegal activism with the group and becomes more aggressive in her daily life. Anna starts falling for Sadie, who has been involved for years with an older woman named Courtney. Courtney works with a more mainstream feminist organization and disagrees with the C(i)A's method of creating awareness through public art, which usually involves vandalism. The group travels to take part in a gay marriage protest – instead of being for or against it, they argue that marriage is the wrong goal, as it is an institution rooted in sexism. Despite being warned by another member of the C(i)A, Meat, that Sadie uses people, Anna shares a night of passion with her while they stay in a hotel. At the rally the next day, the outspoken Shulamith ends up nearly coming to blows with a protester. The fight is caught by a local news crew and the group's message is misconstrued as violent and homophobic. Meat also reveals that their website – which they considered the center of their activism – has not received hits from anyone besides themselves. C(i)A attempts to have a meeting at Courtney's home, but personal conflicts come to a head. Anna believes Sadie is going to leave Courtney to be with her, but Sadie remains dependent on her partner. Meat and Shulamith announce that they're giving up on the group, Sadie stays behind with Courtney, and Aggie (a transgender man who's part of the C(i)A) comforts Anna, who is heartbroken over Sadie's rejection and the loss of the C(i)A. They end up partying together and having a one-night stand. In the morning, Aggie has prepared breakfast and procured a flower for Anna, who only considers him a friend. Sadie arrives to talk about what happened the night before. Anna tries to explain that her night with Aggie meant nothing. He overhears and is deeply hurt. Sadie leaves and Anna finds herself truly alone. In an attempt to fix things, Anna formulates a master plan to get C(i)A national attention. Meat and Shulamith like her idea, but insist she must make things right with Aggie. Anna apologizes, Aggie forgives her, and the four carry out the plan, without Sadie. Anna attends her sister's wedding, bringing joy to her family, but leaves early to execute her part of the plan – sneaking into the studio of a popular talk show with Aggie and Meat. Courtney is appearing on the show to argue about the appropriateness of a celebration over the (arbitrary) anniversary of the construction of the Washington Monument, which she feels is a distraction from real issues. When the host requests a live shot of the monument, the C(i)A feeds their footage in. With the expert help of one of Shulamith's lovers, Calvin (who was discharged from the military for being a lesbian under Don't Ask Don't Tell), and Meat's prowess with sculpture, a giant phallus has been erected atop the Washington Monument and is blown off with explosives. Back at the studio, Aggie pulls the fire alarm and the group escapes. In the getaway car waiting for Anna, she is surprised to see Sadie, who has finally broken it off with Courtney. Sadie apologizes for her behavior, and the two agree to just be friends, but then kiss. Through text in the epilogue, it is revealed that Shulamith and Calvin volunteered to take the fall for the explosion, and received a reduced sentence because no one was hurt. Aggie started hormone therapy, started a new feminist group for men and got a girlfriend. Meat's sculpture appearing on TV launched her art career. Courtney took the talk show host, Marcy, out to dinner after fleeing the building together. Marcy subsequently left her husband to move in with Courtney. Anna and Sadie remain together, and Anna now attends college, where she has created a group focused on positive body image called the Itty Bitty Titty Committee.
Melody and Romance	British	comedy	Maurice Elvey	Two teenagers with aspirations to become stars fall in love.
Are We There Yet?	American	comedy	Brian Levant	Children Lindsey and Kevin Kingston sabotage the relationships of their divorced mother, determined to keep her single until their parents reconcile. Nick Persons, a child-hating businessman, purchases an expensive SUV and boasts with his beloved bobble-head of Satchel Paige, who comes to life at its own will – though only Nick can see or hear him. When he reaches his shop, he witnesses the woman of his dreams, Suzanne Kingston. On his way to talk to her, he is disgusted to find she has two kids, who turn out to be Lindsey and Kevin. Later that night, Nick runs into Suzanne on his way home, asking for a jump start because her car has broken down. After receiving an electric shock, he agrees to take her home, and once there, agrees to transport her wherever she needs to go. On New Year's Eve, he brings her to an airport to go to Vancouver for a business meeting, but her ex-husband calls to say he is sick and cannot bring the children to the airport, leaving her to put her trust in Nick. Once at her house, he meets Kevin and Lindsey for the second time and gives them gifts (a pizza coupon for Lindsey and a corkscrew for Kevin). They go to the airport to park, where Kevin accidentally damages Nick's car door. Nick yells at Kevin, making him cry, but bribes him with 10 dollars to make sure he doesn't get in trouble by the police. Inside the airport, Nick is tackled by security after Kevin learns that corkscrews are illegal to bring on planes so he ditches the item in Nick's jacket pocket. After taking a train instead, the two kids jump off to collect a toy just as Nick boards, forcing him to jump off and land unsafely. When they lose their luggage, they reluctantly drive. Believing Nick is only their mother's friend, the kids are tamed but still misbehave and show Nick no respect. At a truck stop, the two learn from one of Nick's friends on his cell phone that he not only dislikes them, but also lied about not having feelings for their mother. They then show less restraint and cause mayhem throughout the trip, hijacking Nick's car by having Kevin fake an asthmatic attack, injuring Nick in the testicles with a plastic axe, signalling to truck driver Al Buck that they have been kidnapped (which results in heavy damage to Nick's car, much to his horror), and ultimately running away to visit their father. Nick pursues them on a horse but falls off. Once they arrive, however, they learn their father has not only moved on, but has a new family. Feeling betrayed and abandoned, they warm up to Nick, as he does with them; Nick tells them his father also abandoned him. Along the rest of the trip, the three still find themselves in several mishaps, but each setback only strengthens their relationship. At one point, Kevin has to get an asthma refill from a pharmacist working as a clown at a chaotic children's New Year's Eve party, and during this, Lindsey reveals her singing talent. Their bond is ultimately tested when Nick's car is inadvertently set on fire and explodes after Nick loses his keys by getting into a fight with a deer due to Lindsey scaring it with a camera flash and tries to hotwire it. Nick angrily blames the kids by pretending it was their fault making them cry but calms down and apologizes immediately afterwards. The trio tries to hitch a ride from Al Buck, but he leaves Nick behind and drives off, still thinking Nick is a kidnapper. To Al's surprise, the kids physically attack him in the van, leading to a chase that ends when in Vancouver, where Nick fights Al, along with several men dressed as snowmen. During the fight, Kevin has an asthma attack and collapses. Nick rushes to his aid and revives him. Witnessing the event, Suzanne believes trusting Nick was a mistake. After encouragement from Satchel, Nick goes to Suzanne's hotel to tell her and the kids farewell for good. After Suzanne realizes how much Nick and the kids have grown to care for each other, Suzanne realizes that Nick is the one for her, and they kiss on New Year's Eve during the fireworks at Lindsey's suggestion.
Luck of the Navy	British	comedy	Jack Raymond	With Britain on the brink of war, an enemy spy plans to steal secret documents and lay the blame on Clive Stanton.
A Merry Friggin' Christmas	American	comedy	Tristram Shapeero	Boyd Mitchler and his family must spend Christmas with his estranged family of misfits. Upon realizing that he left all his son's gifts at home, he hits the road with his dad in an attempt to make the 8-hour round trip before sunrise.
Luck of the Turf	British	comedy	Randall Faye	The son of a shopkeeper likes to pick winners in horse races and gives tips to his friends.[3]
Take Me to Paris	British	comedy	Jack Raymond	Mr. Armstrong’s racing stable is preparing to send one of its top horses to run in Paris's Maisons Lafitte, when the thoroughbred is unexpectedly injured. Its replacement is Dunderhead, a much lowlier animal, but favourite of jockey and stable lad, Albert. Meanwhile, two crooked stable hands plot to use the cross channel trip to smuggle forged bank notes in the horse’s blanket. Their plans are foiled however, by Albert, who also manages to win the big race riding his favourite horse.
Give Us the Moon	British	comedy	Val Guest	Although made in 1943-44, the film is set in peacetime Britain, a few years after the end of World War II. Peter Pyke, the son of a millionaire hotel owner, had been a RAF pilot during the war but, much to the frustration of his hard-working father, he doesn't want to work for a living and instead wastes his time away, living in his father's hotel (aptly named Eisenhower Hotel after Dwight D. Eisenhower who lead the Allied invasion in 1944). So when Peter finds a club founded by people, mainly White Russian émigrés, who refuse to be of any use to society, he immediately joins them.
One Day in the Future	Turkish	comedy	Bogachan Dündar	Tolga (Hayrettin Karaoğuz), having struggled with bad luck all his life, believes he is a total loser and the unluckiest man in the whole world. Following an unsuccessful presentation of his new project at work, he is fired. Believing he has ruined his last chance to win over the love of his life (Hande Subaşı), he commits suicide. After he dies, he is met by two angels (Rasim Öztekin and Arda Kural), who, as a punishment, show Tolga scenes from how his life would have been in the future if he had not committed suicide.
See How They Run	British	comedy	Leslie Arliss	In this crazy farce, Cockney corporal Wally Winton (Ronald Shiner) desires promotion so that he can finally receive an inheritance. He dresses up as a priest and goes out one night with Penelope Toop (Greta Gynt), the vicar's attractive blonde wife. To add to the theme of mistaken identity, there are several priests running around, some real, some fake. One of these, Basher (Charles Farrell), is discovered by Winton to be an escaped convict, and is placed under arrest. The corporal is then promoted and becomes eligible for his inheritance.
Maman Machan	Tamil	comedy	M. Jeyraj	The story revolves around the elderly and young people of a particular village. Love marriages between the youngsters in the village are always opposed by the village headman (Nattamai). He refuses to permit love marriages in this village. The youngsters oppose him by teasing and make fun of him. However, there comes a day when the son of the village headman falls in love. The story follows whether the father agree to allow his son to marry the one he loves.
The Night We Dropped a Clanger	British	comedy	Darcy Conyers	When mysterious, unpiloted, midget aircraft start landing in southern England during the Second World War, top secret agent Wing Commander Blenkinsop, VC and bar, is chosen for a top-secret mission to occupied France to investigate. Meanwhile, as a diversionary tactic to deceive the Germans, his exact look-alike, Aircraftsman Atwood (both parts are played by Rix), is reluctantly recruited to go to North Africa. However, through a farcical mixup, Blenkinsop finds himself in Africa and Atwood ends up in France. By far more luck than judgement, Atwood returns to England with one of the buzz bombs, and, with everyone (including Blenkinsop's girlfriend) believing he is Blenkinsop, he continues the impersonation and becomes a national hero, while the real Blenkinsop desperately tries to regain his identity and his life.[3]
Among Those Present	American	comedy	Fred C. Newmeyer	Mrs. O'Brien (Herring) is eager to be accepted as part of high society, and she is hosting a fox hunt as part of her plans. Her husband and daughter, though, have no interest in society affairs. Mrs. O'Brien wants to invite Lord Abernathy to the hunt, and she mentions this to the society pilot who is advising her. But this woman and a confederate are merely using Mrs. O'Brien and the hunt for their own purposes. When Lord Abernathy is unavailable, they convince an ambitious young man (Lloyd) to impersonate him, so that they can proceed with their scheme.
This Week of Grace	British	comedy	Maurice Elvey	Grace Milroy loses her job working at a factory. However, through a strange set of circumstances, she is taken on as housekeeper at the nearby Swinford Castle the home of the eccentric Duchess of Swinford. She is initially coldly received by the other staff but she soon wins them over with her personality and hard work. While working there she falls in love with the Duchess' nephew, Viscount Swinford and eventually marries him. Later when she wrongly believes him to have married her under the mistaken impression she is rich she leaves him and goes to take a job on the stage working in the chorus line. Eventually the misunderstanding is cleared up and the couple reconcile.
ABCD: American-Born Confused Desi	Malayalam	comedy	Martin Prakkat	The story revolves around two spoiled youngsters: Jones Isaac (Dulquer Salmaan) and his cousin Korah (Jacob Gregory). Johns is the son of a billionaire named Isaac (Lalu Alex) who is settled in New York, while Korah's mother left for Paris with her new husband. Johns and Korah enjoy their luxurious life by driving luxurious cars, going to pubs etc. Issac decides to sent them to India , telling them its a vacation, Issac then blocks their Card , by which they starts living through poverty of Kerala, where they become famous.
Old Mother Riley's Jungle Treasure	British	comedy	Maclean Rogers	Mother Riley, working in an antique shop with daughter Kitty, uncovers a secret treasure map hidden in the headboard of an antique bed. With the help of the ghost of the pirate Captain Morgan, mother and daughter head for a remote tropical island in the South Seas, and begin their hunt for buried treasure. Not only do they find the fortune, but Mother Riley ends up celebrated by natives as a tribal queen.[3][4][5]
Wog Boy 2: The Kings of Mykonos	Australian	comedy	Nick Giannopoulos	The film starts off with the funeral of a man named Panos. A very rich and handsome young man called Mihalis thinks he inherits all Panos' possessions but Panos has left all his estate to someone else. Soon after the funeral, cousin Tzimis rings Steve Karamitsis to announce he has inherited a beach worth 2.5 million euros, a tavern and a small house on the Greek resort island of Mykonos from his uncle Panos that he had never met. Steve watches his friend Tony the Yugoslav as he gets arrested in his father's shop for theft and drugs, losing the shop and his Beloved 69' Valiant Pacer. Steve and his old friend Frank who has lost his wife and his mistress fly together to Mykonos. Cousin Tzimis picks up the two friends from the airport and brings Steve up to speed with local customs and habits. Tzimis and his Spartan wife Voula are managing the tavern Steve has inherited. Steve finds out that to get his inheritance, he must pay 1.1 million euros in tax because he is not an immediate descendant of Panos. Steve does not have that much money. The two friends settle in Panos' home and discover Panos' old car, a rare 1964 Pontiac Catalina and a Kri kri goat called Apollo. Later Tony shows up, having managed to escape from the Australian authorities and calling himself Tony the Cretan, thinking that Crete is not a part of Greece. Two German environmentalists, Otto and Dieter, are after the goat Apollo claiming it is a rare species. Steve falls for Zoe, a beautiful down-to-earth singer who owns half of a local night club called the Seven Sins. The other half is owned by Mihalis who is engaged to Zoe. Frank gets into a nasty bet with Pierluigi (Kevin Sorbo), who is called the King of Mykonos because he had sex with 43 women in one month, a record that will never be broken as Tzimis says. The bet is to seduce Enza (Cosima Coppola), a strikingly beautiful but distant and snob Italian girl. As the story progresses, it is revealed that no one is who it seems to be. Pierluigi is not Italian but an American and has a secret agenda, Mihalis has ulterior motive for taking over the beach, Steve is not as 'wog' as he thinks he is, Frank is not as successful with women, Zoe has a tragic past and is blackmailed by Mihalis, Enza is not snob after all and Panos was actually Steve's biological father. Steve fails to find hard evidence to prove Panos is his father. Mihalis steps in and claims the inheritance for himself, declaring that he can pay up for taxes. He intends to sell the beach. Steve then enters a rally competition with Mihalis trying to take the inheritance. Tony gets the parts needed for Steve to repair the Pontiac and race against Mihalis' Porsche 997. The two Germans interrupt the rally and reveal that they have discovered an ancient coin of great archaeological significance at Steve's beach, but Apollo swallowed it. If the coin is retrieved and delivered to the authorities, the beach becomes an archaeological site and cannot be exploited or sold. Mihalis and Steve abandon the race, search for and fight over the coin. At the last moment, Zoe steps in and delivers documents proving Panos was Steve's biological father. Steve gets the inheritance and gives up the beach to become a historical site named Apollo after the goat, Zoe is finally free from Mihalis' grasp and the film ends with the people of the island singing Down Under by Men at Work.
The Sasquatch Gang	American	comedy	Tim Skousen	Young sci-fi/fantasy enthusiast Gavin Gore (Jeremy Sumpter) and his ragtag group of nerd friends, girlfriend Sophie Suchowski (Addie Land), swordsman Hobie Plumber (Hubbel Palmer), and young Maynard Keyes (Rob Pinkston) stumble upon some large tracks and a big ole sasquatch dumplin' whilst walking some trails in the nearby woods. Unbeknownst to the friends, two of Gavin's redneck neighbors, Zerk Wilder (Justin Long) and Shirts Joachim (Joey Kern) planted some fake evidence as a plan to gain profits and pay off Zerk's credit card bill. Soon the publicity stunt gains the attention of a local Sasquatch expert (Carl Weathers).
Aandhali Koshimbir	Marathi	comedy	Aditya Ingale	Aandhali Koshimbir is about a lonely father Bapu and his son Ranga. The story also tells about the lonely woman Shanti and her landlord Marne, a lawyer and a bad poet who is madly in love with her.[2] For monetary reasons, Ranga and his friend, Vashya, decides to bring home Shanti to meet Bapu to get them to start a quarrel. Because she is more powerful in quarrel, Ranga thinks she will win over Bapu in the quarrel, and that Bapu will lose his confidence, and they will therefore have their problem solved by getting money from Bapu. They tell each of Bapu and Shanti both that the other one is mentally out of control and that their lost spouses were exactly same looking as Bapu and Shanti, and if they come and have a big quarrel, the other patient might get cured. As planned, Shanti comes home to have a quarrel with Bapu, and Bapu get ready to do the same. But instead of having quarrels, the two lonely souls Bapu and Shanti fall in love. Bapu invites Shanti to stay at his place for a few days, and the situation becomes more complicated for Ranga and Vashya, and Marne too, as he can not recite his poems to Shanti. At the Bapu house, all the lonely characters come together eventually and become a family. But Marne gets more and more lonely with his poems and becomes a villain. As he comes to know of Ranga's plan, he blackmails him and lodges a court case against Bapu and Shanti. While siding with Marne, Ranga still helps Bapu and Shanti to get rid of Marne, who in the end becomes insane.
Dindigul Sarathy	Tamil	comedy	Subramaniam Pillai	The story revolves around an insecure teetotaler Sarathy Raman (Karunas) who feels bad due to his dark skin (his wife Vasanthi (Karthika) is fairer than him), who is often the brunt of many jokes. Because he feels inferior to his wife, he begins to suspect her of infidelity and to think that she will one day elope with a lover. After a misunderstanding, Sarathy and his mother are estranged which further weakens the bond between Sarathy and Vasanthi. How Sarathy resolves his issues and gets back together with Vasanthi forms the rest of the story.
Deck the Halls	American	comedy	John Whitesell	In a small Massachusetts town, local optometrist and Christmas expert Steve Finch (Matthew Broderick) wants his kids to have a great Christmas, packed with Steve's tried-and-true traditions such as using an Advent calendar, taking Christmas card pictures in matching sweaters, and getting a large tree. In the dead of night on December 1, new neighbors move in across the street. Steve meets car salesman Buddy Hall (Danny DeVito) and his wife Tia (Kristin Chenoweth) the next morning when Buddy steals Steve's paper. Later that day, Steve's wife Kelly (Kristin Davis) and her daughter Madison (Alia Shawkat) and son Carter (Dylan Blue) go to the Hall house, where they meet their teenage twin daughters, Ashley (Sabrina Aldridge) and Emily (Kelly Aldridge). Tia and Kelly immediately become friends, as do Ashley, Emily, and Madison. That night, Buddy complains to Tia that while he can sell anything, he gets bored quickly. On discovering that the neighborhood can be seen on satellite photos via a website called MyEarth (seemingly a parody of Google Earth) but that his house is not visible, Buddy decides to make it visible using Christmas lights. As his display grows bigger, including live animals, it gets Buddy known around town, upsetting Steve and threatening his position as the Christmas guy and chairman of the town's WinterFest. Enmity grows between the men; in various incidents, Steve's Christmas-card photo is ruined, his car doors are ripped off, and his private Christmas-tree lot is destroyed. Eventually Buddy's house is completely lit, and even synchronized to music. Steve attempts to deflate the light show by filling Buddy's fusebox with snow, but a backup generator foils his plan. Buddy discovers the sabotage and gets back at Steve by stealing the town Christmas tree and putting it in Steve's house, and buying him a car -- for which he forged Steve's signature to a loan for which Steve is on the hook. Buddy and Steve make a bet: if Steve beats Buddy in the WinterFest speedskating race, then Buddy removes the lights, and if Buddy beats Steve, Steve pays for the car. Buddy wins, and Steve yells at him for being a nobody, since his house is still not visible from space. Hurt, Buddy compensates by buying a huge amount of programmable LED lights. He pays for this by hocking Tia's expensive heirloom vase, and Tia and the girls depart. Having had enough, Steve buys a variety of fireworks including a large, illegal, military-grade rocket from a gangster and tries to blow up the Hall house. The rocket misfires, setting the Finch house on fire, and Steve's family leaves. Steve and Buddy forget their rivalry and build a winter wonderland with all of Buddy's lights. They lure Tia, Kelly, and the kids home and all sit down to a nice meal. Soon the whole town helps put Buddy's lights back up in time for a story about them on MTV. They do not work, and everyone sings carols and uses their cell phones as flashlights. As they sing, Carter notices that one of the plugs is not plugged in properly, which explains why the lights did not work. He tightly plugs it in, causing the lights to shine brightly through the night. SuChin Pak, who is doing the MTV report, gets confirmation from MyEarth that the house is indeed visible from space. The crowd celebrates as the film ends.
Big Stan	American	comedy	Rob Schneider	A real estate con artist named Stan Minton (Rob Schneider) panics when he learns that he is going to prison for fraud. Stan's fear of jail-house rape leads him to hire the mysterious guru known as The Master (David Carradine) who helps transform him into a creative martial-arts expert. During his incarceration, Stan uses his new-found skills to intimidate his fellow prisoners and prevents the prisoners from hitting or raping each other. He gains the prisoners' respect, and eventually becomes their leader, bringing peace and harmony to the prison yard. But the corrupt warden has a plan to profit by turning the prison into a war zone, forcing its closure, and selling off the property as valuable real estate. Stan helps him with the real estate aspects in exchange for early parole, however his peacemaking efforts threaten the warden's plan for a riot and he is persuaded to bring back violence. In a last minute attack of conscience he deliberately blows the parole hearing to rush back and prevent the deaths of his fellow inmates, only to discover that his message of peace has sunk in and the prisoners are dancing instead of fighting. The warden orders the guards to open fire on the dancing men and, when they refuse, grabs a gun and shoots wildly. He attempts to shoot Minton but he is stopped by Minton's wife and the Master, who had snuck in. Three years later Minton leaves the prison, which is now run by one of the more sympathetic guards as the original warden is now an inmate, to be met outside by his wife, his young daughter, and the Master.
Kipps	British	comedy	Carol Reed	The day before the fourteen-year-old Arthur Artie Kipps leaves to begin a seven-year apprenticeship in a draper's shop, he asks his friend's sister, Ann Pornick, to be his girl. She gladly agrees. Kipps goes to work for Mr. Shalford (Lloyd Pearson). Years pass and Kipps grows up into an unremarkable young man. One day, he attends a free lecture on self-improvement presented by Chester Coote (Max Adrian) and decides to take a course. Coote, disdaining Kipps' lower class origins, steers the young man away from the literature class he wants to take to a woodworking class taught by Helen Walshingham (Diana Wynyard), a member of the local gentry. Kipps is soon smitten with his lovely teacher, but she is mindful of his social inferiority and ignores him. One night, actor and playwright Chitterlow (Arthur Riscoe), riding a bicycle, collides with Kipps and tears his trousers. He takes Kipps back to his lodgings to repair his clothes. They get drunk together, while Chitterlow tells Kipps about his latest play, a comedy involving a beetle. By coincidence, one of Chitterlow's characters is also called Kipps, a name the writer got from a newspaper advertisement. When Kipps shows up for work late, he is sacked for breaking one of Mr. Shalford's strict rules of conduct. Then, Chitterlow tells Kipps that the advertisement was about him. It turns out Kipps has inherited a large house and a fortune (£26,000) from a grandfather he had never met. Chitterlow talks Kipps into investing £300 in his new play for a half share. At the bank, they run into Mr. Coote. Coote suggests Kipps employ new solicitor Ronnie Walshingham (Michael Wilding) to look after his fortune. When Kipps finds out the man is Helen's brother, he becomes interested. Soon, Coote and the Walshinghams have manoeuvred the naive Kipps into an engagement with Helen (though no encouragement is required), but he cannot handle her attempts at his self-improvement. Then, Kipps meets Ann, now a parlour maid, on her day off. His feelings for her resurface and he kisses her. Later, when he and the Walshinghams attend a party, Kipps is mortified to find the front door opened by Ann. During the gathering, Ann overhears the news of his engagement to Helen and rushes away. Kipps finds her and tells her he loves her. They sneak away to get married. The newlyweds clash over Kipps' insistence on maintaining his lofty social position. Then, Kipps receives a request to go to Ronnie Walshingham's office. Dreading a breach-of-promise suit, Kipps is surprised to meet Helen, rather than Ronnie. She has terrible news for him. Ronnie has lost all Kipps' money and fled. The good-natured man reassures Helen that he will not set the police on her brother. Just when all seems blackest, Chitterlow shows up in the middle of the night and informs Kipps that his play is a great success, and Kipps has a half-share in the profits. It is enough for Kipps to set up a bookshop and live comfortably with Ann and their baby son.
The Demi-Paradise	British	comedy	Anthony Asquith	A Russian inventor by the name Ivan Kouznetsoff (Laurence Olivier) travels to England to introduce the British shipping industry to his newly invented and improved propeller blade. When he is in England Kouznetsoff meets the socialite woman Anne Tisdall (Penelope Dudley-Ward), and falls head over heels for her. Meeting Anne and hearing her views turn his own previous views and conceptions about the capitalist system and its degenerates up side down. After a lovers' quarrel, Ivan heads back to Russian only to be recalled to England a year later to smooth out imperfections in his design. Despite his efforts, his modifications prove to be unsound and he seems destined to return to the Soviet Union in disgrace. The subject of affection, Anne, convinces the local shipbuilders to work around the clock in order to realize the revolutionary propeller. Soon they solve the problem, and there is a very successful launch of the new line of propelled ships. Ivan can return to the Soviet Union to aid the war effort, enriched by Anne's love.[2]
Johnson Family Vacation	American	comedy	Christopher Erskin	Nate Johnson and his family have been invited to their big family reunion in Missouri. He sees it as an opportunity to reconnect with his estranged wife and growing children, as well as a chance to show up his wealthier know-it-all brother, Mack. Nate and his wife are separated since Nate couldn't support her career as a CPA since she is going back to school. Nate takes delivery on an expensive new SUV, persuades his recently separated wife Dorothy to tag along, and packs up his three kids — nubile teenager Nikki, under-age wannabe rapper D.J., and precocious five-year-old Destiny — for what he imagines will be a leisurely drive from Los Angeles to Missouri. Between his wary wife, arguing kids, angry police officers, a bizarre hitchhiker, bad diner food, and a run-in with a cement mixer, the journey proves more difficult than Nate anticipated.
Unaccompanied Minors	American	comedy	Paul Feig	Spencer Davenport and his sister Katherine must fly from California to Pennsylvania on Christmas Eve to spend the holidays with their dad, an environmentalist. Unfortunately, during their layover at the Hoover International Airport in Chicago, a massive blizzard grounds all planes and cancels all flights, and the siblings are sent to the anarchic UM (unaccompanied minors') room, where they meet Christmas-spirited smarty-pants Charlie Goldfinch, surly tomboy Donna Malone, arrogant rich girl Grace Conrad, and mysterious Beef Wellington. Charlie, Spencer, Beef, Grace, and Donna sneak out, and proceed to enjoy themselves around the airport. When they are caught by the airport security guards and returned to the UM room, they find that the other minors, Katherine included, have been sent to a lodge down the road, and that the grouchy head of passenger relations, Oliver Porter — whose trip to Hawaii is among the canceled flights — intends for the kids to spend Christmas Eve in the UM room. Knowing that it will break Katherine's faith in Santa Claus if she does not receive a present by the next morning, Spencer asks the others to help him get a present for his sister in return for a plan to escape. With Spencer's plan, the minors give Zach Van Bourke, the friendly clerk watching them, the slip, but Mr. Porter grows desperate to get the kids back, and sends all the airport guards to find them. After Donna and Grace get into a fight, Spencer decides that they're going to have to put their differences aside and work together, and Beef leaves to go and get a Christmas tree. Along the way, he reflects on how his step-father, Ernie, hoped to make him stronger by saying men are made, not born. Meanwhile, Spencer and Katherine's father tries to drive to the airport in his biodiesel fueled car, but it eventually breaks down at a gas station. Fortunately, the owner lets him borrow a Hummer. The minors head to a thinly secured exit in the back of the airport, letting a dog loose to distract the guards. While they hide from Mr. Porter in the baggage claim, Charlie, who is hiding in a suitcase, gets placed on a conveyor transport; Donna goes after him, putting herself on a wild ride. Spencer and Grace follow them to the unclaimed baggage warehouse, where they find many wonderful presents, including a set of walkie-talkies, and a doll for Katherine. However, they are seen dancing to Lee Morgan's performance of The Sidewinder on security cameras, and Mr. Porter and the guards chase the minors through the warehouse. Using a canoe, the minors take Zach captive and sled to the lodge while pursued by the guards, and manage to elude Mr. Porter long enough to find Katherine asleep in the lobby, and place the doll in her arms. While running around the lodge, Grace has to remove her contact lenses and put on glasses, which made her look like a dork in the past (but not to Spencer). With their mission completed, the minors go back to the airport with Mr. Porter quietly. They are placed under surveillance in separate rooms. Using the walkie-talkies, the minors tamper with the security cameras and escape through air ducts. They find the Christmas decorations Mr. Porter confiscated, and Beef returns with a huge Christmas tree that he traded his prized Aquaman action figure for. With Zach's help, the minors decorate the airport, and take items from the unclaimed baggage warehouse to use as presents for the rest of the stranded passengers. Mr. Porter finds Spencer to admit defeat and reveals that he's unhappy because he never really gets to spend time with his family during Christmas. Spencer inspires some holiday spirit in the man with some friendly words and the gift of a snow globe. On Christmas morning, Mr. Porter dresses up as Santa Claus to hand out presents to the passengers, Spencer reunites with Katherine, their father arrives to pick them up, Beef tells a girl about his trek to find a Christmas tree, Charlie and Donna exchange phone numbers and share a kiss, and Grace accepts Spencer's invitation to spend Christmas with him and his family.
His Majesty, the American	American	comedy	Joseph Henabery	As described in a film magazine,[4] Bill (Fairbanks), whose hair raising antics have made him the talk of New York City, decides to leave the metropolis after a new district attorney starts cracking down on minor offenses, and visits Mexico in search of adventure. He receives a telegram for a foreign country asking him to come at once to its capital. At the train station he is met by a mysterious stranger and told he will be summoned when the time is right. A rebellion is brewing and the plotters seek to capture him, but Bill eludes them. The King (Southern) gathers his court around him while the rabble, headed by the traitorous Minister of War, storm the castle. Bill dons the uniform of an army officer and goes to an outlying garrison, and returns to the capital with the troops and restores quiet. The King presents Bill as heir apparent and future ruler of the country. Bill's romance with a pretty member of the court is allowed to progress to the altar.
White Reindeer	American	comedy	Zach Clark	Suzanne is a successful realtor living in the suburbs of Washington D.C. with her weatherman husband Jeff. With Christmas just a month away, Suzanne and Jeff celebrate an imminent move to Hawaii; things can't be better with Suzanne as she giddily anticipates the move and her favorite time of year. However, after coming home one day to find her husband brutally murdered, Suzanne's life becomes filled with overwhelmed grief. A few days later, a get-together is held at Suzanne's house with friends and family following Jeff's funeral. During this time, a co-worker of Jeff's approaches Suzanne in tears. After finding privacy in the bathroom, the co-worker explains to Suzanne that Jeff was involved for a long time with young stripper named Autumn. Surprised by the story, Suzanne later goes to the household computer and logs on under Jeff's user. Under the history tab of his Internet browser, Suzanne finds that Jeff had visited sites of ethnic pornography. Following the tragedy, Suzanne takes off from work per suggestion of her colleagues. During this time, she tracks down the stripper, whose real name is Fantasia, and the two begin to bond over their mutual loss. Through her relationship with Fantasia, Suzanne begins to cut loose – joining the stripper on escapades of clubbing and shoplifting.
Charlie & Boots	Australian	comedy	Dean Murphy	Shane Jacobson plays Boots who takes his father (Paul Hogan) on a trip to fish on the northernmost tip of Australia because of something his father told him when he was a kid. Although he probably wasn't serious and can't remember it Boots decides to carry it out. They travel on a road trip from Victoria to the Cape York Peninsula in a Holden Kingswood, passing through towns like Tamworth. The film starts with the death of Gracie, Boots' mother and Charlie's wife. After Gracie's death, Boots goes to visit Charlie on the family farm, finding him locked away in the house in the dark, curtains drawn. Boots looks at a calendar on the wall with a picture of Cape York and remembers his father promising to take him fishing off the northernmost tip of Australia. As the trip starts out, Boots and Charlie seem tense but as the days pass they begin to rekindle their father-son relationship. Their journey involves visiting different towns, hang-outs in different restaurants, and visiting famous attractions. On their way, they start to reconcile and express their emotions about the recent death of Gracie, Charlie's wife and Boots's mother, and the drama unfolding around the death of Ben, Boots' son, by drowning. They even help a young 16-year-old girl named Jess by allowing her to escape her boyfriend Tristan and aid her in her dream to go to the famous country city of Tamworth. The trio manage to arrive in the town, and Jess plays one of her songs in the famous large hall, after passing a manager. They push a car owned by a Tristan out of a car park at night and end up damaging it. They fly in a small aircraft with a pilot (Roy Billing). From the craft, they see the Great Barrier Reef. The pilot continuously hits the altitude meter, making Boots feel nervous. They are dropped off by the pilot and they both wave goodbye as it leaves. In the end, Charlie and Boots both make it to their destination, Cape York, the northernmost tip of Australia. They take their fishing rods and quote a few sentences they traveled with on their journey. As the credits roll, we learn that Jess has been discovered by a music industry manager and has made a single about an obnoxious boyfriend. At the end of the credits, we see a brief clip of Charlie and Boots traveling over the Sydney Harbour Bridge. They look up from their car in awe, causing Boots to marvel at how big the bridge is. Charlie quips Yeah... imagine having to paint (it) - a dig at Hogan's pre-fame occupation as a worker on it.
Storm in a Teacup	British	comedy	Ian Dalrymple Victor Saville	A Scottish town's powerful provost (mayor) struts and brags about his city improvements, while the cowed villagers are sullenly forced to put up with him. A free-spirited English reporter (Rex Harrison) is brought from London to work for the local newspaper and soon clashes with the autocrat - while falling in love with his daughter (Vivien Leigh). He strikes out against the Provost by taking up the cause of a poor woman who sells ice cream from a pushcart, and who has dared to protest against the mayor's new dog tax. Her sheep dog, Patsy, is about to be put to death by the local police because she cannot pay the back taxes (and subsequent fine) incurred by her ownership of the dog. When the idealistic young reporter exposes the injustice being done to her in the local newspaper (before the editors have a chance to suppress the article), it sparks an indignant protest campaign all over England and Scotland. The furious mayor rashly sues the cheeky little rotter from London for libel. A courtroom scene ensues which strongly resembles a kangaroo trial until, in view of local support for the defendant (with the villagers humorously barking like dogs) and the budding love affair between the reporter and the mayor's daughter, the mayor gives up, and all is happily resolved.
The Lad	British	comedy	Henry Edwards	Bill Shane is The Lad, an opportunistic petty criminal mistaken for a private detective. When Shane arrives at a remote country estate, he's offered lots of money not to delve into the private affairs of the Fandon family. Shane is all for taking the money and duping the family, but on being reunited with ex-girlfriend Pauline, now the Fandon's maid, he decides to turn over a new leaf.
Action Jackson	Bollywood	comedy	Prabhu Deva	Vishi (Ajay Devgn) is a small-time crook who would do anything for money. He falls in love with Khushi (Sonakshi Sinha), a simple HR executive, who then begins a relationship with him. One day, Vishi, who frequently gets involved in fights, publicly beats up a street gangster, who later seeks a revenge attack with his gang. The gangster and his gang brutally beat up Vishi, and easily escape the scene. It is then revealed that the person they had beaten is actually Vishi's lookalike, Jai. The goons escape when they hear the siren, and Vishi is found alive on bike, then the same goons gets beaten brutally by Vishi. Khushi tries to explain to Vishi that she loves him, he understands and they both start falling in love. On another occasion, a police inspector arrests Jai and hands him over to a group of gangsters led by Pedro (Ketan Karande). Jai single-handedly kills them all and is revealed to be a professional assassin and previous right-hand man of underworld criminal Xavier Fonseca (Anandaraj), nicknamed AJ. After AJ single-handedly rescued Xavier's sister Marina (Manasvi Mamgai) from a bunch of kidnappers, Marina falls for Jai but he rejects her as he is been married to Anusha (Yami Gautam). Angered, Xavier tries to kill Anusha twice to get AJ married to Marina, which leaves her brutally injured. Jai then escaped to India and is in the process of getting her treated. When Vishi spots Jai, he reveals his identity and story to Vishi. Jai then requests Vishi to go to Bangkok disguised as AJ to fool Xavier and his sister; meanwhile, AJ makes time to get his wife operated on, as she is expecting a baby. Vishi agrees to help and goes to Bangkok along with his friend Musa (Kunaal Roy Kapur). Meanwhile, Insp. Shirke finds AJ's lookalike and tries to inform Xavier but ended up murdered. The style of murder triggers suspicion to Xavier. Marina tortures Musa to know the truth. He reveals that Vishi is the one who masqueraded as AJ. Xavier hatches a plan to bring AJ to Bangkok by kidnapping his wife, baby and lookalike and threatens to kill all three of them. It is revealed up that Vishi is actually in Mumbai and AJ and himself switched their places in the airport at time after the job is done. AJ reaches the spot and kills all Xavier's henchmen, Xavier, Marina while AJ and Anusha escape with their kid. Later it was revealed to be safe who was rescued by one of a man (Razzak Khan) of Xavier. The film ends with AJ and Vishi meeting at airport and Anusha requests Vishi to marry Khushi soon.
Thumbsucker	American	comedy	Mike Mills	Justin Cobb is a shy 17-year-old in a family of four in suburban Oregon. He has a persistent thumb-sucking habit his father disapproves of, which has led to major orthodontic repair. He addresses his parents by their first names, Mike and Audrey, so as not to make his father feel old. Audrey, a registered nurse, is idly fascinated by actor Matt Schramm, entering a contest to win a date with him. She insists it is innocent fun, but is inordinately concerned with looking attractive for the contest. Justin struggles on his school's debate team, led by Mr. Geary which he joined to get closer to his environmentalist classmate Rebecca. He tries to start a relationship with her, but she rejects him after he cannot open up to her about his thumb-sucking habit. At a regular checkup, Justin's orthodontist, Dr. Perry Lyman, indicates he can tell that Justin is still sucking his thumb, and attempts hypnosis, coaching Justin to find his power animal (a deer) and suggesting that his thumb will taste like echinacea. This works, and Justin finds his thumb distasteful, but falls deeper into frustration without the crutch. After Justin conspires with his brother to disrupt Dr. Lyman in a bicycle race with Justin's father, his school counselor prods the Cobbs to give him Ritalin. While his parents wring their hands over the idea, Justin insists that he needs the help. Almost immediately after beginning treatment, Justin begins to have elevated energy, confidence and focus. He begins to excel on the debate team, unseating Rebecca from the star position; she quits the team and drifts into the stoners crowd. Justin's newfound aggressiveness nets the debate team repeated awards. Simultaneously, he begins to challenge the neuroses of the adults around him, especially their struggles with aging. With a somewhat deceitful cover letter, he applies to NYU, in spite of his mother's urging that he go to college closer to home. After rambling incoherently at the state debate championship, Justin quits the debate team, throws away the pills, and seeks out Rebecca to hook him up with pot. During their smoking sessions, Rebecca blindfolds him and engages with him in kissing and other sexual activity, which Justin interprets as a relationship. But when he broaches the subject, Rebecca tells him otherwise, calling their meetings an experiment. He quits both her and the drugs. Both Justin and his father suspect that Audrey is having an affair with Schramm after she is transferred to a celebrity rehab facility where Schramm has been committed. Attempting to catch his mother in the act, he instead meets Schramm sneaking a smoke in the bushes, and learns the unromantic truth. The next day, he receives an acceptance letter from NYU. During a final checkup, Dr. Lyman reveals to Justin his discovery that thumb-sucking is not a medically debilitating problem, and says that everyone has their own flaws and nobody has all the answers—that in fact learning to live without having the answers is (perhaps) the answer. On his flight to New York, Justin dreams of reaching his goal of being a TV anchor, sharing the truth with the world. He wakes up after sleeptalking to find his thumb in his mouth and an attractive girl smiling at him. Slightly embarrassed but self-confident, he introduces himself.
Smiley Face	American	comedy	Gregg Araki	The story describes an eventful day in the life of Jane F, an unambitious young actress who enjoys smoking cannabis and lives in a Los Angeles apartment with her nerdy, somewhat disturbing roommate Steve. Jane's fateful day begins when she unknowingly consumes an entire plate full of cannabis-laced cupcakes. Realizing her mistake, she makes a list of tasks she must achieve, and how she plans to make them happen. What follows is a relentless stream of disasters caused by Jane's intoxication.
I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell	American	comedy	Bob Gosse	The film's plot is loosely adapted from The Austin Road Trip Story in Max's book I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell. A tireless and charismatic novelty seeker, Tucker (Matt Czuchry) tricks his buddy Dan (Geoff Stults) into lying to his fiancée Kristy (Keri Lynn Pratt), so they can go to a legendary strip club three and a half hours away to celebrate Dan’s last days of bachelorhood in proper style. Tucker drags their misanthropic friend Drew (Jesse Bradford) along for the ride, and before they know it Tucker’s pursuit of a hilarious carnal interest lands Dan in serious trouble with both the law and his future wife. The ensuing blowout leaves Tucker uninvited from the wedding and ankle-deep in a mess of his own creation. If he wants back into the wedding and the lives of his best friends, he’ll have to find a way to balance the demands of friendship with his own narcissism and selfishness.
Breakin' All the Rules	American	comedy	Daniel Taplitz	Quincy Watson (Jamie Foxx) is unceremoniously dumped by his fiancée Helen during their engagement party. Devastated, he attempts to express his feelings to her with a heartfelt letter. His boss Phillip has also given him the job of researching how to diplomatically lay off people at their company. As Quincy writes, the letter becomes a how to book on the correct way to end a relationship. He has a book published and becomes a best-selling author on the subject. Not wanting his male friends to suffer the same fate, he gives them advice on dumping their mates including Phillip, who is trying to break up with his gold-digger girlfriend Rita (Jennifer Esposito). After his cousin Evan (Morris Chestnut) reads Quincy's book he starts to question his relationship with his girlfriend Nicky (Gabrielle Union). After breaking up with her Evan goes to his cousin Quincy and asks him to talk to her,hopefully convincing her that Evan's a good guy.Since Quincy has never met her,he doesn't know what she looks like so Evan tells him that she has long black hair. (As it turns out,that day, Nicky had cut her hair to a short length she described as being like Halle Berry). Quincy and Nicky end up sitting next to each other at the bar where Nicky was supposed to meet Evan. Quincy tells her that he's looking for his cousin's ex-girlfriend Nicky who has long black hair. Knowing that Quincy is Evan's cousin, Nicky lies and tells Quincy her name is Mary. During the time Quincy and Nicky are at the bar, Rita finds out that Philip is planning to break up with her. She goes to Quincy's house but when she gets there Evan lies and says that he's Quincy. The two begin an affair. Later, Evan goes to Nicky's house to break up with her,only to find that she was going to do the same, and has been seeing another man. Changing his mind, Evan goes to Quincy's job and tells him that he thinks he's in love with Nicky, and that she's been seeing another man. During that conversation, Quincy realizes that 'Mary' is actually Nicky. At the party for Quincy's hot seller book, Helen is just back from Paris and has decided she wants to get back with Quincy. Evan had planned on proposing to Nicky at the party but finds out that Quincy is dating his ex-girlfriend. He becomes upset with him and leaves the party to look for Nicky. The next day, Evan talks to Quincy and tells him he's getting married to Rita. Phillip had a heart attack, and at the hospital, Rita finds out that Evan lied to her. Instead of getting mad, she says she fell in love with him. Quincy breaks up with Helen and goes to look for Nicky. When he goes to her door, her neighbor tells him that she's leaving for Portland by train. He goes to look for her. As the train is speeding away he confesses his love for her and they both ride the train to Portland.
Grown Ups 2	American	comedy	Dennis Dugan	Three years after the events of the first film, Lenny Feder has relocated his family back to his Connecticut hometown of Stanton where he and his friends grew up. In the film's opening in the Feder household, Lenny wakes up to find a wild deer standing next to his bed. Lenny tries to get his wife Roxanne to open the window. She wakes up in anger and startles the deer, causing it to urinate all over the bed and on Lenny. The deer runs down the hall and crashes into the bathroom where it runs into Lenny's elder son Greg showering, scaring him and making the deer urinate on him. It turns out that Lenny's daughter, Becky, left the door open overnight for any animals that wanted to come in. Lenny is able to get the deer out of the house by using Becky's monkey doll, which rips it apart, devastating her. Greg, Keith, and Becky then go to their last day of school. Roxanne brings up the idea of their family having another baby, but Lenny says their family is perfect as is, upsetting Roxanne. At the Lamonsoff household, Eric Lamonsoff and his wife Sally are at odds with each other over how to raise their children- Sally believes in unwavering support while Eric prefers to be more practical with them, as proven for their son's bad math skills and daughter's rambunctious sense in fashion. At the McKenzie household, Kurt surprises his wife Deanne with a thoughtful anniversary present, only to find that she has completely forgotten. Meanwhile, Marcus Higgins is waiting at a train station after receiving a letter from an old girlfriend, who tells him that he has a seventeen-year-old son Braden. Marcus is stunned to see a tattooed, six-foot-tall boy, who turns out to be Braden. Marcus tries to be nice and takes him to school, but Braden shows an immediate dislike toward him, believing that he abandoned him and his mother. After dropping off their kids, Lenny, Eric, Kurt, and Marcus form as a group and spend the day roaming around town, reminiscing about the amazing summers they used to have when they were little and Lenny's bully, Tommy Cavanaugh. Lenny argues that he could take Tommy as a little boy and he can still take him. Eventually, the friends go to see Becky's ballet recital, where Lenny runs into Tommy, whom Lenny is visibly terrified of. Tommy threatens that if Lenny ever lies again about being able to beat him up, he'll publicly beat Lenny up. Once the kids are out of school, Lenny, Eric, Kurt, and Marcus decide to visit the old quarry, where they used to swim as little boys. However, they encounter Andy and his gang of college frat men, who force them to jump into the quarry lake naked. Braden, who was partying with the frat men, witnesses this and goes off to vandalize their frat house. When the frat men return, they swear to take revenge. Lenny arrives home to help Roxanne set up for a 1980s-themed party for their friends. Meanwhile, Marcus begins to bond with Braden. As all of their friends begin to arrive, Roxanne urges Lenny to consider having another baby. Lenny continues to protest the idea and is left dumbfounded when Roxanne reveals that she is pregnant. Lenny, feeling overwhelmed by this discovery, goes off to drink with his friends. The Feder's party goes well most of the night until Tommy Cavanaugh shows up and disrespects Lenny in front of everyone, so Lenny challenges Tommy to a fight. In a surprising turn, Tommy decides to take a dive so that Lenny can look tough for his own bullied son, and the two develop a mutual respect. Soon after, Andy, along with his friends and their entire fraternity gatecrash the party, looking for retribution for the damage to their frat house. When they go on to insult the local town residents, Dickie Bailey, Lenny's old nemesis, points out that Lenny accomplished more in his life than the entire frat put together, inciting a fight. The locals hold their own against the frat men and eventually send them fleeing the scene. After all the commotion dies down, the four friends, plus Bailey, have pancakes at Eric's mom's house. After sharing an embarrassing photo of him and Bailey in kindergarten (they had been forever friends before their personal lives drove them apart), Mrs. Lamonsoff reassures Lenny that a new baby is a wonderful thing and eventually he will never be able to imagine life with just three kids (and also mentions that Eric was an accidental baby because she and her husband had sex in the bathroom at a New England Patriots game). Lenny has a change of heart and returns home, telling Roxanne he is sorry and excited about the new baby, and they reconcile.
Talladega Nights: The Ballad of Ricky Bobby	American	comedy	Adam McKay	Ricky Bobby is a man who grew up dreaming of going fast. While working on the pit crew of Dennit Racing driver Terry Cheveaux, Bobby acts as a replacement driver after Terry decides to take a bathroom break while in last place. After finishing third in the race, Bobby gains fame and fortune at Dennit Racing. While racing, he meets his future wife Carley, after she flashes her breasts. Years after winning several championships, Bobby persuades Dennit Racing to field a second team for his best friend Cal Naughton Jr. Bobby and Naughton become an unstoppable duo on the track, but are soon introduced to their new teammate, openly gay French Formula One driver Jean Girard. The Frenchman soon outperforms both Bobby and Naughton to become Dennit Racing's latest success story. Desperate to win, Bobby exceeds his limitations and crashes at Lowe's Motor Speedway. His declining performance subsequently gets him fired from his team; furthermore, Carly divorces him and marries Naughton. Bobby moves in with his mom, Lucy Bobby, and brings his two disobedient sons Walker and Texas Ranger with him while taking a job as a pizza delivery man. His luck worsens when he loses his driver's license after colliding with a woman pushing a shopping cart and hitting a police officer. Meanwhile, Lucy is determined to reform her two disrespectful grandsons. Bobby's estranged father Reese returns to remind him how to drive, using unorthodox methods such as putting a live cougar in his car, and forcing him to escape the police. When his father leaves him again after causing trouble at a restaurant, Bobby's former assistant Susan persuades him to return to NASCAR, since it is in his nature to drive fast. They quickly develop a romantic relationship when Bobby takes Susan's advice and race at Talladega Superspeedway. Bobby makes amends with Carley, Girard, and Naughton, while uniting with his pit crew chief and close friend Lucius Washington. At the start of the race, Bobby flies from last place to pass all of the drivers except Girard. In the closing laps, Naughton uses a slingshot technique for Bobby to pass Girard. The replacement driver of Bobby's Wonder Bread car causes a massive wreck that takes out the field, except Bobby and Girard. On the final lap of the race, Bobby and Girard collide, wrecking their vehicles. Bobby and Girard exit their cars and begin running towards the finish line. Bobby reaches the line first, however both are disqualified for getting out of their cars. As Naughton takes the checkered flag, Girard offers Bobby a handshake, but Bobby responds by kissing him on the lips. Carley asks Bobby to move back in with her and start over, but he chooses to stay with Susan instead. At the end of the event, Bobby is congratulated in the parking lot by Reese; Bobby declares that it was no longer about winning, knowing that he has a family who loves him no matter where he finishes. In a post credits scene, Grandma Lucy is shown reading a story to Walker and Texas Ranger, both having fully been disciplined by her and are now presented as polite, respectful children.
Please Turn Over	British	comedy	Gerald Thomas	In a quiet English town, seventeen-year-old Jo Halliday lives a fairly boring life working as a hairdresser and living at home, with her nagging mother, pompous father, and fitness-obsessed Aunt. Her father, an accountant, continually wishes that his dreamy, untidy daughter could be more like his secretary Miss Jones. One morning the local newspaper reveals that Jo has authored a book—The Naked Revolt—which is an instant bestseller. It tells the story of a young girl who discovers the truth about her family and neighbours, and flees to London to become a prostitute. Unfortunately the town's residents believe the book to be a true reflection of the family. Her father finds himself under suspicion at work, as his colleagues believe he has been stealing money, and her mother is regarded as a harlot who has been conducting a twenty-year affair with a retired army officer who gives her driving lessons. Her local doctor is painted as a philanderer who is sexually involved with a number of his patients while ignoring the desperate advances of his drunken assistant, Jo's aunt. In fact, these things are all untrue: her father is scrupulously honest and in love with her mother; the local doctor is a shy man, and the former army officer is simply a driving instructor. Jo has left town for London with a young playwright who is interested in turning her book into a play. After discovering they are kindred spirits, the two become engaged. When they return home Jo is confronted by her angry family and neighbours. The doctor is threatening to sue, and her father and mother have begun questioning each other's fidelity.
First a Girl	British	comedy	Victor Saville	Shop girl Elizabeth (Jessie Matthews) is delivering costumes to a theatre where popular female impersonator Victor (Sonnie Hale), is about to open in a new show. When the star unexpectedly falls ill, Elizabeth is drafted in to take Victor's place, as a man impersonating a woman. To everyone's surprise, she and the show are both hits, and Elizabeth finds further success on a concert tour of Europe. But how long can she keep up the pretence of being a man?
The Three Stooges	American	comedy	Farrelly brothers	The film is composed of three acts, which are referred to as episodes (a reference to how the original Three Stooges short films were packaged for television by Columbia Pictures). Thirty-five years in the past, the children at the Sisters of Mercy Orphanage are playing soccer with an old soda can in the front yard. But then, Sister Mary-Mengele (Larry David), the meanest and strictest nun in the orphanage gets their attention by telling them to go inside and do their work. The kids sing Everybody is Special, but she tells them to shut up and go to work. Later, infant versions of Moe, Larry, and Curly are dumped on the doorstep of the orphanage from an unknown person’s car. Ever since, the trio have wreaked havoc in the place, leaving the nuns who run it utterly terrified, especially Sister Mary-Mengele, who has always hated the trio. Ten years later, out of desperation, when a prospective couple comes to adopt, the exasperated nuns bring out the trio as being the only three available, eventually being forced to add a fourth when another boy, Teddy, enters the picture. The couple, the Harters (Stephen Collins and Carly Craig), decides to pick Moe, but when he requests Larry and Curly to join him, he is dropped back off at the orphanage, and they choose Teddy instead. Twenty-five years later, in the present, the trio (Chris Diamantopoulos, Sean Hayes and Will Sasso) are adults, still living at the orphanage and working as maintenance men. Monsignor Ratliffe (Brian Doyle-Murray) arrives to give everyone an important message. After Monsignor Ratliffe tells Mother Superior (Jane Lynch) that the orphanage is going to close, she tells Sister Mary-Mengele to get the trio. However, the trio accidentally injure Sister Mary-Mengele when she tells them that Mother Superior needs them. They head to Mother Superior until another on of their accidents causes Monsignor Ratliffe to fall on top of the nuns. Monsignor Ratliffe gets attacked by Moe, Larry, and Curly, who think that Monsignor Ratliffe was getting fresh with the nuns. Eventually, Monsignor Ratliffe informs everyone that the orphanage will be forced to close down unless they can come up with $830,000 in 30 days. The trio volunteers to go out and try to raise the money somehow. Some of the nuns think that they will not be able to succeed because the only people they know are nuns and kids, but Mother Superior thinks otherwise. A subplot involves a woman named Lydia (Sofía Vergara), who wants to kill her husband so she can be with her lover, Mac (Craig Bierko), and inherit her husband's considerable fortune. She then finds the trio and offers to pay them the money they need to take care of the hit job. They botch the job by letting Curly push Mac (the supposed husband) in front of a bus and leave Mac in traction in the hospital. When they try to visit Mac in the hospital to finish the job, they are chased by the cops throughout the hospital and escape by jumping off the roof using a fire hose. They end up running into a now grown-up Teddy (Kirby Heyborne), who invites them to his anniversary party, but Moe refuses. It turns out that Teddy is actually Lydia's husband. Their next scheme for raising the money is selling farm-raised salmon, with them scattering salmon on a golf range and watering them like produce. But the same cops from the hospital arrive at the golf course to arrest them and the trio are chased off the golf course and they hide in an old building (getting in by using Curly as a battering ram to bust down the door), where they have a slapstick fight. Larry then stops the fight, and he and Curly then scold Moe for rejecting Teddy’s invitation and Teddy's father's earlier adoption attempt; they could have used his adoptive parents’ wealth to help save the orphanage. Moe angrily yells at them by telling them that he doesn’t care and also saying that he didn't need them. After deciding to split up, they leave the old building, with Moe left inside alone. Then it turns out that they were all on stage in front of an audition crew who select Moe to be the newest cast member of Jersey Shore as Dyna-Moe. Larry and Curly are getting along well without Moe, but they return to the orphanage, where they find out a girl named Murph is very ill, but has not been taken to the hospital because the orphanage has no medical insurance. Sister Mary-Mengele tells them that no one will insure the orphanage due to the trio’s numerous accidents & injuries over the years, and the $830,000 is needed in order to cover medical bills that accumulated over the years.Larry and Curly later meet up with Teddy's adopted father at his office to talk about what happened with the orphanage. Teddy's father confesses that Moe wanted him to go back for his friends to adopt them and he didn't want to so he gave Moe back and took Teddy in his place. Then Larry and Curly discover a picture of Teddy and Mr. Harter with Lydia and Mac and realize that Teddy is the husband that Lydia wanted to murder. In addition to this, they feel guilty for rebuking Moe in not accepting the Harter’s adoption and decide to go find him. Meanwhile, Moe has been causing a lot of havoc on Jersey Shore by slapping the cast members around and not putting up with their spoiled antics. The cast go to the producer and tell him to kick Moe off of the show or sue him. The producer then informs them that the show is all about ratings…NOT them. Larry and Curly finally go to the set of Jersey Shore to reunite with Moe and they all head to the anniversary party where they show up to thwart the murder plot, getting in as balloon men. When they get inside, Curly gives all the balloons to a little girl and she floats up into the air. Later, they get chased by the angry Lydia and Mac after the same girl’s balloons are popped and she falls onto the wedding cake, destroying it. Moe, Larry, and Curly are chased into Teddy’s bedroom, finding Teddy on the bed, drowsy. Mac then draws a gun on the trio, but Teddy’s dad appears and tells Mac to put his gun down. Mac then says Lydia was “calling the shots, but Teddy’s dad confesses that he was “calling the shots.” The trio then realize that Mr. Harter was the real mastermind and Lydia was working for him. He married into the money and was incensed to find out the money was left to Teddy and not him when Teddy’s mother died years earlier. They are taken for a ride, but the car crashes into the water when Curly’s pet rat Nippy distracts them; then, they all escape when Curly passes gas, and they light it with “waterproof, strike-anywhere matches” that Larry had, causing enough of an explosion to blow out the windows. Once they are back on land, Mr. Harter, Lydia, and Mac are arrested, and Teddy thanks the trio for saving him. When the trio request the $830,000 from Teddy, he says no, stating he refuses to help the same orphanage that gave him up to a father that tried to kill him, as well as sending him to military school when he was seven, among other things over the years. A couple months later, the trio return to the now-condemned and abandoned orphanage. They then start crying for feeling like failures, but then they hear kids laughing, swimming and playing. When they investigate, they find out a whole brand new orphanage was built next door, complete with a swimming pool, a basketball court, and a tennis court. They soon learn that the money came from the Jersey Shore's producers who consider this as an advance payment in relation to a new reality show, Nuns vs. Nitwits, in which the entire trio will take part. Murph is revealed to be perfectly fine and her illness was due to poison in the cheese (really from rat traps in the attic), though Larry has always suspected it was from too much iron in the water. Then she, along with her friends, brothers Peezer and Weezer (the latter thought to have been lost forever to a foster home), will be adopted by Teddy and his new fiancee, Ling (Emy Coligado), who was Teddy's father's secretary. In the end, after causing one more incident (namely, Curly accidentally knocking Sister Mary-Mengele into the pool with a folded-up diving board, causing the sister to scream, I'm gonna mash your heads like potatoes!!), the trio run away and bounce off trampolines out of the orphanage and onto some mules, on which they ride away from the orphanage, off into the distance. An epilogue consists of two actors (Antonio Sabàto, Jr. and Justin Lopez) playing Bobby and Peter Farrelly, explaining that the stunts were all done by professionals, showing the foam rubber props used in the film for the trio to hit one another, demonstrating the fake eye-poke trick (to the eyebrows), and advising children not to try any of the stunts at home. During the end credits, a music video plays showing the Stooges and Sister Rosemary performing It's a Shame, originally recorded by The Spinners in 1970, interspersed with excerpts from deleted scenes and a couple of brief outtakes. Though credited to The Spinners and The Three Stooges, Hudson's own distinctive vocals can also be heard.
Kundakka Mandakka	Tamil	comedy	Ashokan	The movie is about Ilangovan aka Ilango (Parthiban), a middle-class youth, who dreams to get his sister Kavitha (Mallika) married to a millionaire. He is very keen on becoming rich and falls in love with Roopa (Lakshmi Rai), daughter of a rich industrialist. Now and then Ilango comes across Chellappa (Vadivelu), a petty thief, and takes him for a fun ride. A sequence of events makes Ilango realize that money is not everything in life. He with the help of Chellappa, finally works to get his sister married to the boy that she loves.
21 and Over	American	comedy	Jon Lucas and Scott Moore	Friends since high school, Casey and Miller are both over 21 and want to take their best friend Jeff Chang out for his 21st birthday while visiting him at college. Jeff insists he can't, citing the important medical school interview he has to be ready for at 8am the next morning. Miller threatens to make a lot of noise, keeping Jeff up all night, if he refuses to come out. Jeff eventually accepts, but only for one drink. At the bar, Jeff accidentally hits a boy named Randy with a dart. Randy gets aggressive, and the trio have to flee, which interrupts a nice chat that Casey is having with a girl named Nicole. Excited that he is now allowed to enter bars, Jeff drinks too much and becomes unresponsive. Casey and Miller decide to take him home, but they cannot remember where he lives. Because Nicole knows Jeff, they attempt to find her to ask her where he lives. They sneak into the sorority house that they think Nicole lives in, but it is the wrong house, and is instead filled with Latina students. Along the way, they encounter two blindfolded women preparing to be paddled as part of their sorority initiation ritual. Miller has the women make out with each other, but they and the other women of the house are furious when they discover the intrusion. Once again, the boys have to flee, and Casey and Miller throw Jeff from a balcony onto a pool cover in order to escape. Jeff bounces off the cover into a rose garden, and the two worry that they killed him. They find him uninjured. Surprisingly, he is still willing to party. They finally find Nicole, but she does not know Jeff's address, and instead refers them to her boyfriend, who turns out to be Randy, the boy whom Jeff had hit with a dart earlier. Randy refuses to look up the address in his phone, so Miller threatens him (using a gun that they found in Jeff's pocket), trying to steal the phone. Miller shoots into the air, panicking a buffalo and prompting it to attack people, including Randy. At the address taken from Randy's phone they discover that Jeff no longer lives there, and that there is a party being thrown. They join in on party games in order to access a boy who may know Jeff's current address. The party games include a drinking game against a group of Serbian party-goers. When they finally find the boy who may know Jeff's address, they are disappointed to discover that he does not actually know it. They leave Jeff in the care of two stoners who undress him for fun, write Douchebag on his forehead, dress him in a lacy bra and glue a teddy bear to his penis. After leaving the party, Jeff goes out on the street still naked except for the teddy bear and the bra. Casey and Miller go after him to get him dressed, but he evades them and is apprehended by the police after running atop several cars and being a public disturbance. Casey and Miller go to the campus police station where they are told that Jeff has been transferred to the psychiatric unit. A woman offers to escort them to the hospital, but it is actually a trap set by the Latina sorority. They take revenge on Casey and Miller, who leave with buttocks branded and bruised by spanking. They have to walk across campus wearing nothing but socks on their penises until they get new clothes. In the mental health facility, Casey and Miller ask if they can take Jeff home, but the hospital refuses citing that Jeff is on a 24-hour hold. The two also learn that Jeff has attempted suicide before due to stress. They also encounter Nicole, who has broken up with Randy after he was injured by the buffalo. Casey and Miller then learn Jeff's address from a man named Chief, who states he lives next door to Jeff and thus realise they drove past Jeff's house several times (thinking the Chief had simply been moving around). They go to Jeff's room, smuggle him out of the window and throw him atop a car from the third floor. They worry that they killed him again, but somehow Jeff avoids injury. Awakened by the fall, Jeff steals the car on which he has landed (which turns out to be Randy's). The three boys flee with Jeff driving recklessly. During their reckless driving, police catch up to their tail but the trio manage to evade the police with Jeff steering the car over an overpass. Miraculously, they land without injury. The boys finally arrive to Jeff's apartment with minutes to spare to get him ready for his medical school interview. They pull the teddy bear off (accidentally circumcising him in the process), shower and dress him. Randy goes to Jeff's home to destroy the room, but Jeff's father arrives and apprehends him. Encouraged by Casey and Miller, Jeff confesses to his father, who pressured him into going to medical school, that he does not actually want to. His father refuses to accept this and even insults his own son. Miller becomes angry for the way Jeff's father is treating his son and punches him. Jeff tells his dad to leave which he does. Randy admires Jeff for standing up to his father, and the two reconcile. Casey realises he has fallen in love with Nicole, and runs to her house, where they kiss. Three months later, Miller, who is intelligent but lazy, improves his grades and wants to go to university. The night before his admissions interview, he is at a music festival with Casey, Nicole (who is now dating Casey), and Jeff. He has a wild night and arrives to the professor's office with red hair, a broken leg, and a coroner's uniform profusely apologizing for his current state. The professor turns out to be the Chief that they repeatedly saw dancing alone in the street on the night of Jeff's 21st birthday.
Turned Out Nice Again	British	comedy	Marcel Varnel	George Pearson, an employee at an underwear factory, is caught between his modern wife and his meddling mother. After buying a special yarn and getting his wife to promote it, he has an argument with his boss, Mr Dawson who insults Pearson's wife and refuses to apologise. Pearson then resigns. After finding out that the yarn is actually worth a fair amount, Mr Dawson tries to buy it from Pearson but he has some competition.[2]
Hey DJ	American	comedy	3 directors	Hey DJ chronicles the journeys of DJ Hound. From Miami to Ibiza he struggles to break into the club scene. With the support and advice of some of the best DJs in the world he tries to find the night (and the love) of his life. The movie, filmed in and around such clubs as Space Miami and Pacha Ibiza features the appearances of Carl Cox, Tiësto, Judge Jules, Eddie Halliwell, Bob Sinclar, Pete Tong, Spankox, Anne Savage, Marc Aurel, Kai Tracid, Lisa Lashes, Chris Cox, Robbie Rivera, Kevens, Ferry Corsten, Junior Jack, Marco V and 1980's rock star Annabella Lwin from Bow Wow Wow.
Pot Luck	British	comedy	Tom Walls	A retired Scotland Yard detective, Patrick Fitzpatrick (Tom Walls) comes back to take one final case, tracking down a missing vase which has been stolen by a gang of thieves specialising in taking art treasures. His investigation takes him to the home of the innocent Mr Pye (Robertson Hare), whose house has been used by the crooks to hide their proceeds.[2][3]
His and Hers	British	comedy	Brian Desmond Hurst	While researching his latest novel I Conquered the Desert in North Africa, Reggie Blake (Terry-Thomas) finds himself lost in the desert. Rescued by a Bedouin tribe, and finally shipped home, Reggie enthusiastically adopts Bedouin dress and customs, much to the frustration of his wife (Janette Scott). Fran declares herself unnable to live with him, so they split their home down the middle. There is further drama when Reggie's publisher (Wilfrid Hyde-White) rejects his new novel out of hand.
City Loop	Australian	comedy	Belinda Chayko	The lives and loves of several characters over a few hours on the same night, centering on a pizza delivery place called Speedys. The stories are:
Kismet Love Paisa Dilli	Bollywood	comedy	Sanjay Khanduri	Film is set in one winter night in Delhi where a middle class, Delhi university guy falls in love with a girl anchoring a fashion show. In process of wooing her someone plants a sting operation tape in his pocket. This sting operation has a minister talking of buying and selling MLAs and media heads from his Swiss bank accounts. Unknown to this he is chased by corrupt cops and good guys to get that tape back. Soon he gets to know of tape with him and its high relevance. How this university student who always talked against corruption like any layman, now gets bribed himself by the big offer thrown by Minster's man constitutes the edge of the seat climax of story.
Folly to Be Wise	British	comedy	Frank Launder	Having recently taken over the role of Entertainments Officer at an army camp, the army chaplain Captain William Paris (Sim) is disheartened so few of the troops turn out for an evening of classical music. He visits a local pub and finds the place packed with soldiers, including his own driver. He then resolves to try and secure something more entertaining for the troops and decides to copy the idea of a brains trust, as in a popular BBC radio programme, where panellists answer questions from the audience. With the help of Lady Dodds, Paris manages to gather together a group of local notables, who all swiftly prove to be mildly eccentric. The group includes the opinionated Professor Mutch, who is a popular radio personality on BBC radio, and his friend the oil painter George Prout and his wife Angela. Upon arriving at their house, Paris interrupts Mutch and Mrs Prout who are about to embrace. Then meeting Mr Prout, he soon finds him a cold man who verbally abuses his wife. The 'brains trust' panel is rounded out by the hard-of-hearing Doctor McAdam and the chippy local Labour MP Joseph Byres. With the help of his secretary, Private Jessie Killigrew, the chaplain manages to organise the event. The hall is relatively well filled. Trying to avoid anything controversial, Paris forbids any discussion of politics or religion and begins with some innocuous questions about cows chasing after trains and if the Moon is inhabited. Things soon become heated when the MP takes offence at comments directed at him and threatens to start a fight. Having only just averted this, a question about marriage from Killigrew reveals the fragility of the Prouts' marriage. Fearing any controversy, Paris quickly announces that it is time for the interval. As word spreads around the camp of the goings-on, the second half begins with the room completely packed. Paris tries to steer the debate back to harmless questions about bluebottles, but Killigrew interrupts and demands an answer to her earlier question about marriage. As the Prouts begin arguing once again, Mrs Prout admits that the Professor is her lover. At this, the whole event threatens to descend into anarchy despite Paris' attempts to maintain order. Desperate to restore a sense of propriety, he draws the proceedings to a close, and announces that next week they will return to classical music with a string quartet. A soldier stands up and thanks the chaplain for providing such entertainment and asking if the 'brains trust' can be made a regular feature, to rapturous applause. Worried about Mr Prout, who has disappeared and has been drinking heavily, the others follow him back to his house, where they mistakenly come to believe that he is going to throw himself over the cliffs, whereas he is merely planning a bit of quiet painting. Meanwhile, the Professor has revealed himself to be an inherently selfish man, while Mr Prout is suddenly far more reasonable. He and Mrs Prout soon resolve their differences, and he tries to be a little more considerate to her. The film ends with the string quartet playing once more and Paris sitting in an almost empty theatre.
The Butler's Dilemma	British	comedy	Leslie S. Hiscott	A group of friends undertake a number of deceptions in order to stage an illicit gambling party. Wimpish Rodney Playfair (Hearne) is persuaded, by a promise to erase his gambling debts, to impersonate an old manservant named Chapman (also played by Hearne) for a few weeks in order to unwittingly provide an alibi for an accomplished thief. Hearne's dual roles alternates between him playing the timid young Playfair, (in effect Hearne playing his real age) and the doddery butler 'Chapman', who is 'Mr Pastry' in all but name.
The Bridal Path	British	comedy	Frank Launder	Ewan McEwan, an easy-going sheep and corn farmer on a remote Scottish island, is unable to marry his childhood sweetheart Katie as his hell-raising preacher uncle is opposed to consanguinity - all the islanders are related to each other. When Katie leaves for Glasgow to train as a nurse, he is persuaded to find a wife on the mainland (which he has never visited). Withdrawing 400 pounds from a bank in Fort William, he sets out to meet the local girls. He has been advised by the islanders of what they think he should to look for in a potential wife: strong legs, wide hips, knowledge of cows and sheep, and also not a candle burning Catholic or a Campbell! His innocent close inspection of the girls he meets raises their suspicions. The first girl, inspired by a lurid paperback novel she is reading thinks he's a white slaver and so informs the local police. He then becomes a wanted fugitive after he 'borrows' a policeman's bicycle. Then he is mistaken for the leader of a gang of salmon poachers who use dynamite. The police eventually arrest the innocent Ewan on a wide variety of charges, but don't believe his story. Held overnight at the local police sergeant's home (there is no jail), he easily escapes custody and resumes his flight, still examining all the girls he meets. After two sisters that he takes refuge with come to blows over him, he 'borrows' their boat and hitches a passage with a fishing boat. The boat is taken over by fishermen from a nearby island who think they are encroaching on their fishing grounds, and Ewan is locked in a shed. He is rescued by a local girl and they row back to Ewan's home island. By now he's had enough of searching, and is starving, since he hasn't managed to have a square meal whilst on the run. He and Katie decide to marry anyway, despite the ban on consanguinity.
Crooked Business	Australian	comedy	Chris Nyst	The movie stars small-time hustler Elmo, and his best friend 'Stand-Up' Stevie, a used car dealer with questionable ethics. Stevie finds himself in trouble when he sells a counterfeit gold watch to biker Russian Tony. To buy his way out, Stevie agrees to do a job for local hood 'Bondi Bob' McLean. All he has to do is fly to Melbourne to pick up some stolen jewels in a briefcase.[2] When Stevie and Elmo arrive to collect the briefcase, a gunfight breaks out. The pair escape, but in the confusion, leave with the wrong briefcase - one belonging to Peter Cho, a Chinatown villain with a deadly reputation. The briefcase contains a rare go-fast potion said to turn any average horse into a race winner. The only thing to do is trade off with Cho.
The Great Macarthy	Australian	comedy	David Baker	Macarthy is a country football player who is kidnapped by the South Melbourne Football Club and made a star player in the city. The Club Chairman, Colonel Ball-Miller, give Macarthy a job in one of his companies and makes him attend night school. He is seduced by his English teacher, Miss Russell, and has an affair with Ball-Miller's daughter, Andrea. Macarthy and Andrea get married but then divorce. Macarthy goes on strike to claim the family fortune.
Welcome to Central Jail	Malayalam	comedy	Sundar Das	A simpleton Unnikuttan (Dileep) has an unhealthy attachment with central jail. He was born and bought up there with his father Kesavan (Siddique) and mother Janaki (Vinaya Prasad) before being transferred to child care facility at the age of six. Unni finds solace and happiness inside jail, for getting in he fills in as a substitute for real-life punishments of petty crimes committed by others. Unni, who is in his late 30s, isn't married and many whom he knows advises him to marry someone to be felt loved and not to go to jail as a substitute. In jail he falls in love with Radhika (Vedhika), and to marry her he tries to solve her problems as she witnessed a murder done by a Minister. When he meets Radhika,who is jailed in drug case. She discloses her love to Unnikkuttan but is not now ready because she is awaited by the minister to be killed. She describe all story behind this wrong case against is because that she witnessed the minister murdering Karunan (Dinesh Panikker). It is all that the killer (Abu Salim) is following her to kill her and for her safety her uncle lie to him that she got a job and boarded to Delhi. When she was in her aunty's home,she seen in TV News that in the same case Simon (Kailash) is jailed. Later she decided to handover the video clip,she shot in her video camera. As a sudden action she is now arrested. After many sequences Unnikkuttan marries Radhika.
Recep İvedik 2	Turkish	comedy	Togan Gökbakar	The grandmother of rude big man Recep İvedik (Şahan Gökbakar) wants him to find a job. He tries many, but is always fired soon. Finally he gets a job as half-boss in the company led by his cousin, after he points out that they inherited this company together from their grandfather. When Japanese business relations, to his cousin's regret, refuse to sign a contract, İvedik happens to wear a jacket of some organisation the Japanese are a member of, which makes them think he is the boss of that organisation; this and İvedik's pressure on them convinces them to sign the contract after all. This makes his cousin very satisfied about him. İvedik's grandmother also wants him to get married. He tries to find a woman with the assistance of a young worker of the company, Ali Kerem (Çagri Büyüksayar). They do not succeed, but Kerem helps İvedik by disguising as a woman and accompanying him to his grandmother, where they pretend they are in love. İvedik's grandmother dies. He inherits a chest which only contains a photograph of her making a fuck-you-gesture.
The Shaukeens	Bollywood	comedy	Abhishek Sharma	The movie revolves around three old men. Ashok Lalwani alias Lali, (Anupam Kher) is not happy with his wife (Rati Agnihotri), who is a staunch believer of God and doesn't spend time with him. Kamaldheer Sharma alias KD (Annu Kapoor) is a bachelor for some unknown reason, while Pinky (Piyush Mishra) is secretly in love with a young Chinese woman, who only knows English but he himself being uneducated, is unable to express his feelings. The three men plan a holiday to Mauritius to have some fun, where they meet Ahana (Lisa Haydon), who is a social networking addict and gets annoyed because her rival girls have more Facebook likes and her ex-boyfriend had been commenting and liking their posts and condemning her at the same time. The three men try to impress her by pretending to like her collections made from weird things like animal body parts, which although are stingy, they pretend to like them by still complimenting her. However, her Facebook obsession reaches heights and Ahana decides to commit suicide, but is interrupted when she sees her idol, Rajiv Bhatia alias Akshay Kumar (Akshay Kumar) shooting for a song. She tells the three men, how she's a huge fan of Akshay and wishes to meet him. The three men try to get her to meet Akshay, much to his disturbance . Meanwhile, Akshay is revealed to be secretly an alcoholic, who drinks alcoholic beverages filled in coconut, so that it appears like he's drinking coconut water. He agrees to work with Ranjit Basu (Subrat Dutta), a filmmaker, who is well known for his films earning more than ₹300 crores, and working with him would make Akshay, a better competitor to other superstars. However, Basu tells him, that he's not able to get in the character. The frustration of not getting into the required character and drinking too much alcohol causes Akshay to burst out in front of public and media on Pinky, who tells that Ahana had promised sex if he gets her to meet Akshay. Akshay publicly humiliates the three men and Ahana, by calling them perverts and slut shaming Ahana. But this however, backfires on him as he is a public figure. Moreover, he realises his mistake when Lali's wife blames KD and Pinky for this. This time, Akshay visits just when the three men are about to leave, and asks them to forgive him and meets Ahana to apologise her. It is revealed that KD remained a bachelor because he loved Lali's younger sister, who is a divorcee but KD didn't want this to ruin his friendship with Lali. Akshay tells Ahana that to rectify his mistake,he has kept a conference, and that he intends to correct their public image. He tells the media in the press conference that he is working in a film Alcoholic, and what he did earlier was a promotional strategy and Lali, KD and Pinky are his uncles and know him from past. He also tells that Ahana is the new heroine of the film called Alcoholic. While, the three men happily leave back to India. But Akshay finds himself even more frustrated, when he isn't able to get a good shot from Ahana, although he somehow manages to shoot the title track.
Looking on the Bright Side	British	comedy	Graham Cutts, Basil Dean	Gracie (Fields) and Laurie (Dolman) are lovers who together form a musical act. Gracie sings and Laurie writes the songs, but when Laurie gets a taste of fame, he runs off after a glamorous actress.
Room for Two	British	comedy	Maurice Elvey	The story takes place in Venice, where a womanising Englishman Vic Oliver takes a strong interest in a married tourist who is played by Frances Day. Oliver disguises himself in drag and gets himself hired as the Days' maid. When Day's philandering husband, played by Basil Radford, shows up, the fun starts.
Make Mine a Million	British	comedy	Lance Comfort	Arthur Ashton is a makeup man working for National Television (a parody of the BBC). During a visit to the local laundry, he meets Sid Gibson a shady salesmen who is trying to flog Bonko, a brand of washing powder, but who can't afford to advertise on TV. The fairly clueless Arthur agrees to help him, and they manage to plug an advert for Bonko on National Television by interrupting the live feed. This causes quite a stir amongst the National heads, who have Arthur fired. Despite this, the advert proves extremely popular and demand for the product soars. After repeating the stunt at Ascot Races, Sid, realising that this is potentially a huge moneymaker, does a deal with an advertising executive and, with Arthur's help, they plug cake mix at the Edinburgh Festival. After a narrow escape, Arthur wants to quit, but Sid persuades him to do one final job—interrupting a press conference between the British Prime Minister and the American President. On the way, the Post Office van they are using is hijacked by criminals. Arthur, who is in the back of the van, contacts the police to thwart the robbery, leading to the final barnyard showdown. In the end, Arthur, now a hero and celebrity, gets his own TV show, brokered by Sid, of course.
You Again	American	comedy	Andy Fickman	In 2002, Marni Olsen (Kristen Bell) is an acne-riddled high school sophomore in Ridgefield, California, with glasses and braces, making a video about how much she hates high school, and reveals how she is tormented and bullied by other children, specifically J-J the high school mean girl (Odette Yustman), who made Marni's high school life miserable. She adds that her protective older brother, Will (James Wolk), was very popular as a handsome basketball player. However, at a very important basketball game, J-J pushes the mascot (Marni), who runs into Will, resulting in a loss of the game. Eight years later, in 2010, she is a successful public relations executive in Los Angeles, recently promoted to a job in New York. When she returns to Ridgecrest to her attend her older brother's Georgia King (Kristin Chenoweth) planned wedding, she discovers that Will is about to marry a girl named Joanna, who happens to be J-J. When Marni meets Joanna for the first time in eight years, Joanna seems not to recognize her. Marni is also upset to see that Joanna fits in very well with the family during her welcome home dinner, where we learn Joanna's parents died after high school and that she has done an ample amount of charity work. The plot thickens when Marni's mother Gail (Jamie Lee Curtis) meets up with Joanna's aunt Ramona (Sigourney Weaver), Gail's former best friend who pushed her into a pool at their senior prom. Ramona is now a successful, wealthy woman who owns several hotels and a private plane. Although Gail seems willing to put the past behind her, she still feels the need to outdo Ramona during their interactions together. On the other hand, Marni is unwilling to forget the things Joanna did to her in high school, unless she apologizes, and decides to try to let her brother know of Joanna's bullying past. Her attempts to get Will alone for a conversation fail. When Marni tells Joanna that she knows who she really is, it is obvious that Joanna remembers Marni. She refuses to give Marni a meaningful apology, and treats her disrespectfully, leaving Marni convinced that Joanna has not changed. Meanwhile, Gail comes to Ramona's hotel room for closure about anything bad between them that happened in the past. They appear to make up, but Ramona still seems not to be too fond of Gail. One day on the street, Will and Marni's grandmother Bunny (Betty White) meet a man named Tim (Kyle Bornheimer). Joanna reveals that they have dated, and Tim appears devastated when he hears that she's marrying Will. Marni decides to bring Tim to the rehearsal dinner as part of her plan to stop the wedding. When it is time for guests to make a toast to the bride and groom, Tim unexpectedly jumps up to give his toast to Joanna. He reveals to a stunned wedding party that Joanna left him at the altar. Later, a video is presented (recovered by Marni) from their old high school time capsule. The video reveals Joanna confessing who she was in high school: an alpha-female bully, with the footage showing proof of her tormenting Marni and other students. As the video is showing her ruining Will's basketball game; Will unplugs the video projector before the video is complete and walks out, furious. Marni is in trouble when everyone discovers that she was responsible for the video at the rehearsal dinner. Joanna's defense for pretending not to remember Marni is: I thought we could start over. Marni is now convinced that Joanna hasn't changed, and walks away. Joanna then starts a fight with Marni, who fights back. Will walks in and witnesses the fight. He confronts Joanna, calling her a bully and a liar and then scolds Marni for starting the mess behind his back. Joanna tries to reason with Will but he doesn't care about her past and is furious that she lied to him. He calls off the wedding, much to her devastation. Ramona and Gail argue after the rehearsal dinner, and Ramona accuses Gail of trying to ruin her life throughout high school. A fight ensued, with both of them falling into the pool. Ramona reveals that she had a grudge with Gail, even when they were best friends, because she always competed with and outdid her, culminating with Gail taking the boy that Ramona wanted to the prom. Ramona stated that Gail was already a legendary head cheerleader and prom queen, and drama was supposed to be hers, yet Gail also defeated her with the auditions. She sarcastically thanks Gail for what she did, because it motivated her to become successful in life. Gail apologizes for being insensitive, but reveals that she is proud of Ramona, and that her family is her true accomplishment. Ramona, remorseful of her actions, reveals that she was just jealous of Gail's happy family especially that her marriages didn't work out, and feared that Gail was trying to take Joanna away from her. The two are hugging in the pool when Gail's husband, Mark (Victor Garber), shows up. At home, he says that he is disgusted with the wedding and weekend being a disaster and grounds Marni and Gail, despite protest. Later that night, Marni finds Joanna in the kitchen wearing her wedding dress, crying and binging on junk food. She finally admits to Marni that she feels truly awful for bullying and tormenting her and feels like a terrible person, and that she loves Will and his entire family. She explained that after her parents died, she decided to reinvent herself as someone they could be proud of, and when she found out that Marni was her fiancé's sister, she panicked and decided to pretend not to remember her, because she had spent so much time distancing herself from the person she was in high school that she didn't know how to apologize to her. Marni forgives her and promises to get them back together. Marni apologizes to Will for her actions, saying she was only trying to protect him. Joanna and Will reconcile in the family's old tree house, but it collapses and injures both of them. Marni and Will's little brother, Ben (Billy Unger), loosened the screws as a part of his plan in hiding the tree house because Will was going to move it as a wedding present. They are both forced to stay at a hospital, which delays the wedding. However, Marni puts together a makeshift wedding at the hospital, with the bride and groom bandaged, but properly dressed and able to walk down the aisle. Gail has a surprise for Ramona, it's Richie Phillips (Patrick Duffy), the boy from high school that Ramona wanted to go to the prom with. Richie welcomes Ramona home and wants to be her date for the wedding, which makes Ramona very happy and they appear to start a relationship. Marni appears to start a relationship with Charlie (Sean Wing), her brother's best friend who has always been kind to her. Joanna introduces Marni's grandmother Bunny to an elderly woman, Helen Sullivan (Cloris Leachman). Unfortunately Helen and Bunny were rivals in high school when Helen stole a boy from her. Bunny gets her revenge when she cuts in on Helen's dance and takes her partner. At the wedding reception, Marni presents her wedding gift to Will and Joanna—Hall & Oates in person performing Will and Joanna's favorite and special song, Kiss on My List (as the movie's couples, each share kisses—Will and Joanna, Marni and Charlie, Gail and Mark, Ramona and Richie, and Georgia forces a kiss from Tim). Everyone then joins Hall & Oates on stage.
Cohen Saves the Flag	American	comedy	Mack Sennett	Cohen (Ford Sterling) and his rival Goldberg (Henry Lehrman) enlist in the Union Army during the American Civil War. Goldberg receives a lieutenant’s commission while Cohen becomes a sergeant. During the Battle of Gettysburg, Cohen inadvertently becomes a hero when he tosses back an enemy hand grenade and raises a fallen flag in the midst of the conflict. Goldberg conspires to have Cohen shot by a firing squad, but Cohen’s girlfriend Rebecca (Mabel Normand) rides to the rescue and details Cohen’s battlefield bravery. Cohen is hailed for his valor and later exacts revenge on Goldberg.
Chak De Phatte	Punjabi	comedy	Smeep Kang	The story revolves around Simran (Mahi Gill) who is a Canadian NRI working as a manager at a local cafeteria in Chandigarh. JB (Jaswinder Bhalla), Goldy (Vivek Shauq), and Pinka Bhoond (Gurpreet Ghuggi), are three of the four main characters who chase Simran all through the movie. All three of them are more interested in Canada than in Simran. Smeep(Smeep Kang) on the other hand actually loves Simran from the deepness of his heart. He fell for her beauty since the time he saw her for the first time three years ago during Simran's hotel management course. Since then, he has lost track of her whereabouts, but he still keeps a greeting card that he had bought for her three years ago. Smeep and Goldy are roommates and live in Chandigarh as well. Goldy finds an ad in classified section of a Punjabi newspaper about a NRI Canadian girl looking for a suitable match. He immediately gets excited and leaves for her address which happens to be a restaurant. Goldy doesn't want to make it obvious for Simran about his intentions of marrying her for Canada. So he tries to be friends with her before proposing her. He is successful in becoming friends with her. On other hand, Smeep also finds the whereabouts of Simran with the help of 'Bhabhi' detective. He also reaches the same restaurant and is very happy to meet Simran after so long. Simran also seems very happy to see him. This leads to rivalry between Smeep and Goldy. A series of crazy events add to the humor of the movie. While they're busy trying to impress Simran, JB enters the scene. He is a middle-aged man and is very quickly successful in impressing Simran. He quickly becomes her friend. Goldy and Smeep try to bring his true colors in front of Simran, but are unsuccessful in front of JB's intelligence. They accept the fact that there are three players in the game. Pinka Bhoond enters the story right when Smeep and Goldy are discussing tactics to deal with JB. Pinka Bhoond in the disguise of a very rich businessman Rattan Singh Tata arrives in a chauffeur driven Mercedes. Simran happens to be his friend as well and they both get very insecure because of his money and power. Later, Smeep and Goldy are successful in bringing him to his real worth in front of Simran, but this doesn't help their cause of getting him out of the race for Simran. Later, Smeep discovers from a stammering servant of Simran that she is getting married in Bathinda. All four of the guys get really disappointed. Smeep leaves for his home in Bathinda to help deal with the pain. The other three guys meet in Bathinda as well in order to break the wedding. When the plan to call the wedding is in execution, they all discover that its Simran's aunt Harsimran (Savita Bhatti) who's getting married to Jaspal Bhatti and not Simran. When Simran learns about this, she thinks that all four of them were involved in this plan. She gets really angry and breaks her friendship with all of them. Finally JB, Goldy and Pink accept their mistake and tell the facts to Simran. They tell her about true feelings of Smeep. Simran finds it very sweet and then tells Smeep that she also loves him. Harsimran and Jaspal Bhatti give their garlands to Smeep and Simran to make their love official. In the background, a lady from Vancouver is heard saying she'd like a son-in-law like Smeep. JB, Goldy, and Pinka overhear this and start their next mission.
The Happy Family	British	comedy	Muriel Box	The House of Lords is a grocery shop that sits on the South Bank of the river Thames close to the site of Festival Hall which is noisily under construction. It is owned by the Lord family, a husband and wife with several children. Lillian Lord runs the shop, while Henry is a British Railways train driver, who has worked on the railways for over 30 years and who is just about to retire. He is looking forward to enjoying a quiet retirement at the family shop looking after his pet hare, Winston, though his spiritualist sister in law Ada has had supernatural visions of men in black bringing discord. Their plans are disrupted by the arrival of Filch, a senior civil servant dressed in a black suit. He announces that he is overseeing work on the Festival of Britain, due to begin in just six weeks. He explains that, due to an error by one of the planners, the Lords' shop and house will have to be demolished to allow an entrance route to be built assuring them that they will be financially compensated and will be moved to a new house in South Harrow. He expects this to settle the matter. However, the Lords show reluctance to leave their house with Henry demanding £6 million if he is to move; an amount he calculates by Mr Filch's account of the estimate of the monetary value the Festival of Britain will bring. Filch goes away hoping either to buy them off eventually or to forcibly evict them. Filch has underestimated how attached they are to their property, which is a symbol of security and family to them after their years of hardship during the Great Depression and the Second World War where they lost a son. In an attempt to halt the eviction the Lords appeal to a series of political figures including their councillor, mayor and MP. They are eventually sent to the official in charge of the work, who insists it must go ahead. They are served with eviction notices, and demolition is due to begin in a few days. Filch expects them to leave now, but they are unmoved by these threats, declaring that they would rather go to jail than South Harrow. When it becomes clear that their appeals from political channels are not working, the Lords turn to more active resistance at the urging of Cyril, their daughter's fiancé. They begin barricading their house and preparing to fight the government's attempts to turn them out. At the appointed hour, Filch demands they leave the house but they refuse. They are joined by Maurice Hennessey, an ambitious BBC broadcaster hoping to use the case as a springboard to greater career success. He begins a running commentary on the events to the outside world. Filch brings in a large number of police who attempt to storm the shop, but are driven off by missiles and flour bombs. After the assault descends into chaos, Filch launches a prolonged siege in the hope of starving them out. The Lords soon become a cause célèbre, with support coming in from across the world, putting further pressure on the civil servants who are desperate to get work completed before the Festival begins. In spite of their popularity, the Lords' situation begins to grow desperate as they run out of food. Just as they are about to give in Filch arrives and announces that, following the personal intervention of the Prime Minister, the architects have redrawn their plans and the road will now go either side of the shop thereby saving it from demolition. The film ends with the family including Winston enjoying a day out at the Festival of Britain with Ada flying into the clouds.
Where's Sally?	British	comedy	Arthur B. Woods	A womanising playboy becomes tired of his philandering lifestyle and asks his current girlfriend to marry him. At the wedding reception, his best man makes a speech treating the entire gathering to the finer details of the bridegroom's chequered romantic history. The bride becomes upset, and her new husband is furious with his best friend for being so indiscreet. He whisks her straight out of the wedding hall and they set off on honeymoon. Matters are set for a series of farcical complications and misunderstandings as they start to meet a motley selection of odd characters who do nothing to improve relations between the newly-weds. Then the best friend's wife turns up at the honeymoon location, announcing that she has left her husband in disgust. He is quickly on the scene trying to change her mind, and soon there are two sets of bickering couples going full steam, while the bridegroom and his best friend also clash with each other. The bewildered bride has to try to make up her mind whether or not to stay with her new husband.
Spread	American	comedy	David Mackenzie	Narcissistic gigolo Nikki (Ashton Kutcher) lives in Los Angeles, drifting from one relationship to another without a steady job or even a place to live. He preys on women who can provide for him. After meeting Samantha (Anne Heche) at a club he moves in with her, using his looks and sexual prowess to keep her happy. Before long, however, Nikki starts cheating on Sam, first with his friend Emily (Rachel Blanchard), then with Christina (Sonia Rockwell), whom he met at another party. Emily disapproves of Nikki's free-wheeling lifestyle and has expressed a desire for a relationship, but Nikki has no real interest in her except for sex. Samantha catches Nikki with Christina, but they come to an uneasy arrangement where she will ignore his infidelity. While Sam is out of town, Nikki meets a waitress named Heather (Margarita Levieva). He enlists his friend Harry (Sebastian Stan) to help him get Heather interested, but she does not fall for his charms. Although he eventually gets a date with her, she abandons him afterwards. Soon after, Heather unexpectedly shows up in Nikki's pool and they end up having sex. The next morning Nikki is moving Heather's car and realizes it does not belong to her but to her boyfriend, after she told him she was single. Nikki throws her out in anger. However, he cannot stop thinking about her, and his obsession frustrates Samantha to the point that she gets fed up and throws him out, quickly taking him back. Nikki, however, leaves on his own accord, still enchanted by Heather. Nikki searches for a place to stay, but has a falling out with Harry and cannot get into the parties he once did. He runs into Heather at a swanky hotel, and she admits that she was only interested in him for his house, believing him to be rich. It transpires that she is the same as Nikki, scamming rich men for money in the same way he does with women. She lets him move in with her and her stoner roommate Eva (Ashley Johnson) and they begin dating, though Heather continues to scam and hustle, with some reluctant assistance from Nikki. One day, an upset Heather reveals to Nikki that she just broke up with her fiancé because she is in love with Nikki. She further tells him her fiancé's family owns the New York Rangers and that he is the one who has been paying her bills and living expenses. Nikki, who has also fallen in love with Heather, is nonetheless angry that she kept her engagement from him, and leaves the house in a huff. When he returns he only finds a note that says she has left for New York City. At Eva's urging and with Harry paying for the airfare, Nikki follows her. He finds her at a plush penthouse and begs her to come back to LA with him. She refuses, telling him she cannot afford to let him chase his fantasies around while she runs down the funds they would need to live. He then proposes to her, but she tells him that she is already married, breaking his heart. Heather says that she cannot get a divorce because she needs the luxuries and high expenses. Her husband (Hart Bochner) returns home and Heather passes Nikki off as a grocery boy, dismissing him. Nikki returns to LA, getting an honest job delivering groceries and living with Harry. He delivers groceries to Samantha's house, where they are picked up by the kept man who has replaced Nikki. The ending credits show Nikki feeding a mouse to Harry's African Bullfrog.
Meet Mr. Lucifer	British	comedy	Anthony Pelissier	When Mr Pedelty (Joseph Tomelty) leaves his firm, he is given a television set as a retirement present. At first he enjoys all the attention from his neighbours, but soon the attraction wears off, and he sells it on to a young married couple (Jack Watling and Peggy Cummins) living in the flat above him. They soon encounter the same problems, and again the set is passed on to several different characters all with the same results.
House of D	American	comedy	David Duchovny	An American artist living a bohemian existence in Paris, Tom Warshaw (David Duchovny) is trying to make sense of his troubled adult life by reflecting upon his extraordinary childhood. Prompted by his son's 13th birthday, Tom experiences a flashback to Greenwich Village in 1973, as 13-year-old Tommy (Anton Yelchin) is on the brink of becoming a man. While his bereaved single mother (Téa Leoni) mourns the death of his father, Tommy escapes grief by causing trouble at school and making afternoon deliveries with his best friend Pappas (Robin Williams), a mentally challenged janitor. Following the romantic advice offered by Lady (Erykah Badu) – incarcerated in the infamous New York Women's House of Detention for shadowy reasons – Tommy experiences his first taste of love. Yet when an unexpected tragedy radically alters his world, Tommy must take a life-defining choice – one that will compel the adult Tom, thirty years later, to confront his unfinished past.
Salt Mango Tree	Malayalam	comedy	Rajesh Nair	Its a hearty family entertainment story of a couple running the rat race for better schools for their one and only child. The backbone of the story relies on resilience and values that a family can and provides. It critically asks bigger questions like whether right to education is anymore accessible and affordable as one wishes. Aravindan and Priya are the couple fighting with the education system to find a place for their son Ashwin. Deepika Mme, comes as guiding hand for the family. Ultimately the family ends with realization that happiness and love inside the family is more important than anything and it is not something to be bartered.
Nobody Knows About Sex	Russian	comedy	Aleksey Gordeev	Throughout his life Egor lived in a remote taiga. All his knowledge of the world, he learned from the stories of his only relative - old grandfather-hunter. Once Egor accidentally meets TV presenter Angelina, he falls in love and decides to marry her, and so he goes to Moscow. However, he finds it difficult to get used to the pace of metropolitan life.
A Busy Day	American	comedy	Charlie Chaplin	In A Busy Day, a wife (played by an energetic Charlie Chaplin) becomes jealous of her husband's interest in another woman during a military parade. On her way to attack the couple, the wife interrupts the set of a film, knocking over a film director and a police officer. Finally, the husband pushes the wife off a pier and she falls into the harbor.
Nick and Norah's Infinite Playlist	American	comedy	Peter Sollett	Nick O'Leary (Michael Cera) is a straight bass player in a queercore band that is searching for a name, but tentatively calls themselves The Jerk-Offs. A teenager from Hoboken, New Jersey, he is still heartbroken after his girlfriend, Tris (Alexis Dziena), broke up with him three weeks, two days, and 23 hours ago, and continues to make breakup mix CDs for her. Thom (Aaron Yoo) and Dev (Rafi Gavron), his gay bandmates who both hate Tris, convince Nick to perform at a club because his favorite band—the legendary, publicity-shy indie band Where's Fluffy? —is performing somewhere in New York City that night. Norah Silverberg (Kat Dennings) attends the same high school as Tris, Convent of the Sacred Heart, and though they dislike each other, they have a mutual friend named Caroline (Ari Graynor). Norah has not met Nick, but shares his taste in music based on recovering his mix CDs after Tris discards them. The three girls end up at Arlene's Grocery on Manhattan's Lower East Side, where The Jerk-Offs are playing. Norah asks Nick to pretend to be her boyfriend after Tris teases her about her lack of a boyfriend. Norah kisses him, unaware that he is the ex-boyfriend of Tris. Caroline gets drunk and Norah wants to take her home, but Nick's bandmates (who see Norah as a potential new girlfriend for him) offer to take Caroline home so Norah and Nick can spend time together trying to find the show. When Thom and Dev stop at Gray's Papaya for hot dogs, a confused Caroline escapes from Thom's van. Nick and Norah meet up with Thom and Dev to try to find her. A confusing phone call leads them to look for her at a club that Where's Fluffy? is rumored to be playing, but with no success in finding Caroline or the band. Tris, eager to win back Nick, catches up with them when she gets a phone call from Caroline, who is now able to tell Norah that she has found Jesus and an altar boy without pants. They finally locate a drunk Caroline on stage at a gay cabaret dressed as a Christmas tree. When they arrive at Nick's car, Tris is sitting on the hood waiting for him. Norah tells him how nice it was to meet him, but he leaves to talk with Tris without giving Norah a response. An upset Norah meets up at a club with her friend with benefits, Tal (Jay Baruchel), but soon realizes that he has an ulterior motive and hopes to get a deal for his band with Norah's father, a famous record producer. Disgusted with Tal, she agrees to cover his and his friends' drinks, but then tells the waitress to increase the tab because there was a miscalculation, and she leaves him to pay. Nick, meanwhile, decides to confront Tris, but she pleads for a ride home and flirts with him in the car. Tris asks Nick to stop by the river, where she tries to seduce him. Whilst she seductively dances in front of the car, Nick reminisces fondly about Norah and the night's events and drives away, leaving Tris behind. Nick calls Norah, apologizing for leaving, and she agrees to meet him again. Deciding to go somewhere where no one they know will find them, they arrive at Electric Lady Studios, a music studio owned by Norah's father. Once there, Norah gets Nick to play something he wrote in the studio, but then joins him in the recording room. Norah gets a text message from Caroline telling her where she found Where's Fluffy? playing. When they arrive at the show, they meet Tris, who cannot understand why Nick will not take her back, and Tal, who wants the same answer from Norah. Tal starts a fight with Nick, but Thom and Dev's friend, Lethario (Jonathan B. Wright), steps in and headbutts Tal. Nick and Norah share a smile and leave together. At Pennsylvania Station, Nick admits that he does not care about missing the concert, and they kiss on the escalator as the sun rises over New York City.
The Baxter	American	comedy	Michael Showalter	Elliot (Michael Showalter), a tax accountant from Brooklyn, is a dependable though thoroughly average young man doomed to be the Baxter, the nice guy who's bound to lose the girl to the leading man in romantic comedies. Losing three girlfriends to last-minute rekindled relationships with their ex-boyfriends has made Elliot wary of being abandoned yet again. About a week before his wedding to his girlfriend, Caroline Swann (Elizabeth Banks), Elliot discovers that her high school beau, Bradley (Justin Theroux), is back in town. Elliot tries to keep himself composed, but even Caroline's reassurances do not convince him that her feelings for Bradley are buried. In the meantime, Elliot meets Cecil (Michelle Williams), his temporary secretary at his accounting firm. As he resigns himself to losing Caroline to Bradley, Cecil offers him a ray of hope: she does not believe in Baxters and thinks that his predicament is avoidable. The two meet up again later that night at a small club where Cecil performs her original songs, and Cecil tells Elliot he needs to take more risks. When Cecil has a fight with her unsupportive boyfriend Dan (Paul Rudd), Elliot offers to put her up for the night. The next morning, Caroline shows up early with their wedding planner (Peter Dinklage) to finalize their plans. Elliot panics due to Cecil's hidden presence and during the meeting makes a string of awkward suggestions, upsetting Caroline, who begins to doubt his commitment to their relationship, to the point of calling off the wedding. While out to a bar with his friends from work, Elliot accidentally runs into Dan, who recognizes him as Cecil's Baxter friend. Dan is there to meet with Sonya, who's Bradley's current girlfriend and Dan's old college friend. They all decide to sit together, much to Elliot's chagrin. Both Dan and Bradley laugh and joke with Elliot's friends, until one of them mentions that Caroline left him. Depressed and upset, Elliot leaves and contemplates suicide but he's interrupted by Caroline's brother-in-law, Louis (David Wain), who tells him Caroline is willing to give their engagement another chance. Elliot plans a romantic dinner with Caroline, but finds her with an anguished Bradley, who just broke up with Sonya and is back flirting with Caroline. Caroline convinces Elliot to take Bradley out with them. They cancel Elliot's reservations to an expensive restaurant and go instead to a burger place that Bradley knows well. Elliot feels out-of-place and eventually calls Cecil from the back of the restaurant, confessing that he feels that his marriage will be over before it begins. The next day, Elliot arrives at work to find that Cecil is his temp again. When she proposes to go have a drink together, Elliot explains that after his phone call, the night actually got better for him. As Caroline accused Elliot of being unromantic, he stood up for himself and accepted to go dance with her and Bradley, actually impressing Caroline with his moves. Bradley shows off his breakdance routines, accidentally hitting Elliot in the face, to Caroline's concerns. Bradley apologizes and reveals that he will leave the next morning to Malta for his work as a geode student. Though happy for him, Cecil is saddened by the news because of her growing feelings for Elliot. She mentions that Dan is moving to Cincinnati and she's going to follow him there, to Elliot's discomfort. At Caroline and Elliot's wedding, Bradley crashes the ceremony and declares his love for Caroline, a split second after Elliot was going to voice his own objection. Caroline finally gives in and kisses Bradley passionately in front of the whole church. Elliot takes off immediately to catch Cecil before she leaves town, and finds her at her apartment right while Dan is leaving. Elliot declares his love for her, and chases off an old friend of hers (Ken Marino) who suddenly showed up. Later, they perform together at the same club where they had their first date, with Cecil singing one of her songs and Elliot playing the piano to back her up. In a mid-credits scene, Dan reflects in narration on his own status as a Baxter, having just lost the girl to the leading man.
Dr. Patient	Malayalam	comedy	Viswanthan	The movie is set against a mental hospital where Dr. Ruben Isaac (Jayasurya) comes to work as a doctor. He uses humanitarian considerations to treat his patients, whom he calls as his clients. Rakhi Devadas(Radha Varma) with a hospital management degree from U.S is the Managing director of this hospital. Her strict ways in dealing with patients often creates clashes with the new doctor. Ruben Isaac, meanwhile shows love and care and offers more freedom to the inmates which the M.D does not like. The movie takes a turn with the arrival of another person (Mukesh), claiming that he is the original doctor.
Why Change Your Wife?	American	comedy	Cecil B. DeMille	Frumpy wife Beth devotes herself to bettering her husband's mind and expanding his appreciation for the finer things in life, such as classical music. When he goes shopping at a lingerie store to buy some sexier clothes for her, he meets Sally, the shop girl. Rejected by his wife for a night out on the town, he takes Sally, who douses him with her perfume. When Beth smells another woman's perfume, she kicks him out and files for divorce. Beth's Aunt Kate takes her shopping to get her mind off of her broken heart. While in the dress shop, Beth overhears women gossiping about how her dull appearance led to her losing her husband. She determines to play their game and gets a new indecent wardrobe. Meanwhile the manipulative Sally convinces the dejected Robert to marry her. He finds that his second wife annoys him as much as his previous one. Later the couple and their dog end up at the same luxury hotel where divorcee Beth is strutting her stuff. She tries to seduce Robert, but he resists. Each of them quickly leaves the situation, but they meet again on a train. As they're walking away from the station, Robert slips on a banana peel. When the police arrive on the scene, Beth identifies Robert as her husband and takes him home. Doctors say he is to be kept quiet for 24 hours. The two women argue over whether Sally will move Robert against doctor's orders. Beth locks the three of them into the bedroom, which leads to a physical struggle over the key during which Sally breaks a mirror, inviting seven years bad luck. Beth threatens to burn Sally's face with acid, which leads to a stalemate. The three stay in the room until Robert's crisis is over. A doctor pronounces him healthy, but Robert refuses to go home with Sally. Sally throws the vial of acid on Beth's face only to discover that Beth was bluffing; the vial contained only eye wash. Sally leaves but not before taking the cash from Robert's pants pockets and declaring that the best thing about marriage is alimony. The final scenes show the remarried Robert and Beth in their home. Beth dresses up in more revealing clothes and replaces the classical recording on her Victrola with a record of the foxtrot. Sally has taken up with a violin player. The intertitle that ends the film reassures ladies that their husbands would prefer them as sweethearts, and reminds them to make sure they remember, from time to time, to forget being a wife.
Unfinished Business	American	comedy	Ken Scott	After an argument with his boss Chuck Portnoy (Sienna Miller) of Dynamic Systems, Dan Trunkman (Vince Vaughn) decides to leave and start his own business. Tim McWinters (Tom Wilkinson) who was fired for being too old and Mike Pancake who was there for an interview (Dave Franco) follow Dan and join his new company. A year later, Dan's business, Apex Select, has barely gotten off the ground. In a Dunkin' Donuts, Dan gets a message to go on a business trip to Portland to meet with investors Jim Spinch (James Marsden) and Bill Whilmsley (Nick Frost), the latter being a friend of Dan's. At home, Dan's kids Paul (Britton Sear) and Bess (Ella Anderson) are being bullied at school. Paul is ridiculed for his weight and attempts to wear eye shadow to fit in with the goth kids. Bess asks Dan to finish a homework assignment of hers that requires him to describe the kind of person he is. Dan's wife, Susan (June Diane Raphael), wants to put Paul in a private school, despite the pricey tuition, to bring him out of his shell. The three head to Portland, only for Dan to discover that Chuck is there trying to close a deal as well. She and Jim get along well, have worked together before and it appears as though she's been given the go ahead. Dan gives his presentation to Jim, only to faint in the middle of it. He makes Mike go finish, but everyone is distracted by Mike's last name. This forces Dan to scramble and find a way to get a step ahead of Chuck. Dan starts to lose faith in the team, as Tim is more concerned about finding a woman to make love with due to an unhappy marriage, and Mike never attended college while possibly being autistic. Dan is told to go to Berlin to meet with Jim's parent department Gelger, specifically with Dirk Austerlitz. Dan travels with Tim and Mike and they go to find a client, Helen Harlmann, at a unisex bath house. He finds Helen with three other people. She doesn't trust him since he walked in there fully dressed in a suit. Dan undresses himself and gets Helen to listen to him, with Mike and Tim joining him despite him telling them not to. Dan speaks to Bess, who had trouble at school, but he is unaware as to why and offers her heartfelt advice only to hang up and see Susan's emailed link which is to a video of Bess beating a kid up. Mike finds a hotel for Tim and himself to stay at. Dan is in a room that is actually an exhibit called American Businessman 42 in a museum, where everyone watches him. He starts to put some numbers together to outdo Chuck. Tim procures ecstasy from one of the youths staying at the hotel. Tim and Mike follow him to find Bill in a gay nightclub during Folsom Europe Festival. Dan encounters Bill in a room with other men sticking their penises through glory holes. Bill later explains this is the only way he can get any sort of pleasure. He takes a look at Dan's numbers and says they definitely trounce Chuck's numbers. Dan and Bill also speak about how easy it is to get derailed from course. The guys meet with Jim only to learn that Dirk Austerlitz is in St. Louis (the guys' hometown), annoying Dan. Jim later tells Dan that while his numbers are good, they aren't good enough to close the deal. The trio spends time with some of the youth at the hotel, being honest and smoking. After not smoking but listening to everyone, especially Mike, Dan goes out to buy Straight Up Teal eyeshadow and speak with his wife, his daughter, who reveals she beat up the other child for calling Paul names like double stuff. Dan congratulates her but explains he will take care of Paul. He speaks with Paul and does his best to pick his spirits up. Dan later finds himself depressed and drinking with strangers/admirers of American Businessman 42. Dan awakes the next morning hungover. Feeling a sense of inspiration, he joins a marathon and ignores an official's pleas for him to leave the race. Some of his American Businessman 42 fans spot him and begin cheering him on with such enthusiasm it attracts the attention of a news caster. He finishes the race, poignant as he had trained for the St. Louis marathon. Dan later manages to score a meeting with Dirk, via Bill. First, the guys pass through a riot going on outside the building where Austerlitz is located. After evading police and getting pelted with paintballs, the guys make it inside with the aid of Bill. Austerlitz likes what he hears from Dan, then what he sees on their front page, and they close a deal, thereby saving Dan's business. He, Tim, and Mike celebrate by gloating in front of both Chuck and Jim. The guys return home to their respective loved ones. Mike rejoins his friends from the special home and boasts his multiple explers in Berlin. Tim reunites with the maid he encountered in Portland. Dan rejoins his family, now confident of their future.
Reluctant Bride	British	comedy	Henry Cass	Jeff Longstreet and Laura Weeks are paired together to take care of a group of wild children whose parents are lost on an African safari. The children make attempts to press Jeff and Laura into a romantic relationship while breaking them away from their fiancees.
Over the Garden Wall	British	comedy	John E. Blakeley	Working class couple Fanny and Joe (Norman Evans and Jimmy James), are determined to give their daughter Mary (Sonya O'Shea) and her husband Wynn a posh home coming party. Trouble arises when the son of Joe's boss (Frederick Bradshaw) turns up and shamelessly flirts with their daughter.
From Hand to Mouth	American	comedy	Alfred J. Goulding, Hal Roach	A young woman stands to inherit a fortune, but a crooked lawyer deliberately does not tell her she must prove her claim before midnight. If she fails, the inheritance will go to her foster brother. As further insurance, the lawyer hires a man and his gang to kidnap her. Meanwhile, a penniless young man and an unrelated child (the waif) are both hungry. The waif's dog brings them some money (taken from a crap game), so they purchase some food. When the money turns out to be counterfeit, the man tries to flee, but is finally caught by a policeman. The heiress happens to be driving by. She generously pays for the food, and the young man is allowed to go his way. Later, he gets into trouble with the police again, this time over a wallet filled with money lying on the sidewalk. To escape, he hitches a ride on a passing car, which is carrying the kidnappers. The crooks decide to use the man as a scapegoat in their crime. They capture the woman (who thinks the man is a kidnapper too) and take her to their lair. Unable to stop them, he follows them to their hideout and overhears the lawyer explaining the situation. The man then tries to alert several policemen, but they just brush him off. He finally provokes them into chasing him and leads them to the crooks. During the ensuing melee, he and the woman get away. He takes her to the lawyer's office just in time to sign a document and secure her inheritance.
Imagine That	American	comedy	Karey Kirkpatrick	Evan Danielson (Eddie Murphy) is a very successful financial advisor, who had been working at the same securities firm for eight years as their top account manager, that is until Johnny Whitefeather (Thomas Haden Church) was hired as his rival. Whitefeather seems to have the whole company under some spell as he spiels his nonsensical idioms filled with Native American mumbo jumbo. These top executives seem more content with chanting Indian style noises rather than listen to how they can make money through sound investments. When Evan finally discovers that his daughter, Olivia (Yara Shahidi), is somehow able to tell the future within the financial world by using her 'goo-gaa' comfort blanket and her imaginary friends (Queen Qwali and Princesses Kupida, Sopida and Mopida), he discovers he has an invaluable upper hand now at the office. In order for Evan to ask these imaginary friends any question he must travel through the imaginary world, through a dense forest, past a dragon, through caves, and even walk through France. Before, Evan who is a part-time father really had no time for his daughter, now is forced to play with her and by her rules. After only a couple of days with her, he rediscovers the inner child within himself and genuinely has a lot of fun playing these imaginary games with Olivia. Whitefeather becomes suspicious and begins to search for Evan's secret. When he finds out that Evan was just playing with a blanket, he purchases a six thousand dollar blanket and forces his son to tell him the future and making him extremely hyperactive by making him drink many cans of Red Bull. Whitefeather and Evan are now competing for the position of heading the Western division of the company D.D.E. In order to be prepared for the most important presentation of his life, Evan must once again invoke the use of the Goo-Gaa blanket and meet up with the princesses. The only problem is that Olivia is spending the night at her friends house, and there is no way for Evan to obtain the Goo-Gaa without taking it from her. Also, the presentations will be held on the day of Olivia's class play. Evan manages to get Olivia to give him the Goo-Gaa, but she is soon seen crying because he seems to care only about the blanket, not her. Evan returns home and tries to get the princesses' attention. Evan then starts working on his presentation. As hours pass, he stretches, and the Goo-Gaa falls on the floor, but he continues working without noticing. Evan decides to go to the presentation instead of Olivia's class concert. Johnny gives his presentation, but his idea is too crazy for the owner of the company. Then it's Evan's turn. When he is about to present, he suddenly decides to go to Olivia's class concert, and leaves the presentation. As he drives over, he changes into a king costume. Back at the class concert, Olivia is about to sing her solo part, then all of a sudden Evan appears dressed as a king, and Olivia starts singing, delighted to see him. After the class concert, Evan starts talking to Olivia about how sorry he is for misusing her blanket, not caring about her, and for using the princesses for the wrong reason. Meanwhile, the owner of the company, D.D.E. appears, and wants to talk to Evan. He and Evan talk, and he decides to give the position to Evan because of how much Evan cares about his family. Evan accepts. Evan goes back to Olivia, for whom it is time to say good-bye to the princesses. They both start waving, and as a gust of wind blows, some leaves form into the shape of a person then fly off into the sky. Evan, Olivia's mother, and Olivia leave happy.
'Moms' Night Out	American	comedy	Andrew Erwin	Allyson Field is a young mother who is having a most unhappy Mother's Day. At first glance, she seems to have a life that many would envy. She is happily married to her loving husband Sean and they have three lively, adorable children. However, as Allyson types on her mommy blog, she is beset with anxiety and feelings of unworthiness. She describes herself as a freaky clean freak who actually sees beauty in a padded cell. She has paranoid delusions about her children getting salmonella and child welfare workers taking them away. She realizes that she is living her simple dream of being a decent wife and mother and feels like a horrible person because of her inner demons. Allyson finds comfort in her two best friends Sondra and Izzy. Sondra is a pastor's wife, the pillar of the community, whom Allyson describes as her Gandalf and Doctor Phil. Sondra has a rebellious teenage daughter Zoey who acutely feels the stigma of being a pastor's daughter. Izzy is Allyson's high-school friend who has twins and is married to the lovable but bumbling Marco who has an irrational fear of bikers and small children. Allyson is deeply affected by a sermon that Sondra's husband gives about the high calling of motherhood and the sacrifices that are entailed. Sean recommends a night out for his overstressed wife, and she and Izzy and Sondra plan one that starts with dinner at a fancy Chinese restaurant. However, the evening is a disaster from start to finish. Sean's loopy half-sister Bridget comes to dinner and asks Ally to babysit her son Phoenix. Sean agrees to shoulder the responsibility with Marco and his friend Kevin, who loves video games and hates kids. In many ways Sean and Kevin are arrested adolescents. When Ally and her friends arrive at the restaurant they're told that their reservation has been lost and Ally has a mini-meltdown and throws away their cellphones. The three friends go bowling and Sondra tries to comfort the frazzled Ally telling her that God is always with her. The evening degenerates with further accidents and misunderstanding as the babysitters take the children to a video arcade which results in a trip to the emergency room and the men inadvertently taking the women's van. Things go from bad to worse when Bridget realizes that Phoenix is missing. The four travel across the city looking for him, and all four end up in a jail cell and Sondra gets tased. The film ends with everyone being happily reunited and Ally typing a happy blog proclaiming that while her life is stressed and crazy it is also beautiful. She finds the true meaning of a video that Sondra sent her showing an eagle caring for its young. Sean reminds her of the old saying that the hand that rocks the cradle rules the world.
There Goes Susie	British	comedy	Victor Hanbury, John Stafford	An artist is hired by a major soap company for an advertisement. He paints a model in a revealing pose, only to discover she is the boss' daughter.
Sex and the City	American	comedy	Michael Patrick King	Carrie walks through the streets of New York City thinking about events that have happened to her and her friends during Sex and the City. Charlotte is now happily married to Harry Goldenblatt, but she had a hard time getting pregnant - so they adopted a Chinese girl named Lily; Miranda has settled down in Brooklyn with Steve (David Eigenberg) to raise their son Brady together; and Samantha has relocated her business to Los Angeles to be close to Smith (Jason Lewis), who is now a superstar, although she misses her old life and takes every opportunity to fly East to be with Carrie, Miranda and Charlotte. Carrie herself is now in a relationship with Big (Chris Noth), and they are viewing apartments with plans to move in together. Carrie falls in love with a penthouse far from their price range. Big immediately agrees to pay for it. Carrie offers to sell her own apartment, although she also voices her fear that she would have no legal rights to their home in case they separate, as they are not married. To quell her fears, Big suggests that they marry. Carrie announces the news to her friends. Charlotte and Miranda are happy at the news, but Samantha - as Carrie points out dryly - sounds more excited at the thought of Carrie finally getting Botox. Charlotte suggests her longtime gay friend, Anthony Marantino, as the pushy wedding planner. Miranda confesses to her friends that she has been so busy she hasn’t had sex with Steve in six months. When Steve confesses he has cheated on her, Miranda is devastated and immediately separates from him. At Carrie and Big's rehearsal dinner, Steve tries to reconcile with Miranda, but she rebuffs him. Still upset with Steve, she tells Big bluntly that marriage ruins everything. On the wedding day, (partially due to Miranda's words at the rehearsal dinner) Big is too fearful to go through with the ceremony. Carrie, devastated, flees the wedding. Samantha stays behind to clear the guests. Big changes his mind and catches up with Carrie in an attempt to reconcile in the middle of a one-way street. Carrie furiously attacks him with her bouquet while he earns scathing looks from Miranda and Charlotte, as well as from the crowds of New Yorkers watching the scene unfold. To console Carrie (who is depressed, and at the beginning of the holiday doesn't eat anything for two days), the four women take the honeymoon that Carrie had booked to Mexico, where they de-stress and collect themselves. Upon returning to New York, Carrie hires an assistant, Louise (Jennifer Hudson), to help her manage her life. Miranda eventually confesses to Carrie about what happened at the rehearsal dinner, and the two briefly fall out as Carrie storms out of a restaurant on Valentine's Day. After reflecting on the argument she had with Carrie, Miranda agrees to attend couples counseling with Steve, and they are eventually able to reconcile. Samantha finds her five-year-old relationship passionless, and begins over-eating to keep from cheating on Smith with a gorgeous neighbour, Dante. She eventually decides to say farewell to Smith and moves back to New York. Around the same time, Louise quits her job as Carrie's assistant to get married and move back permanently to her hometown of St Louis. Charlotte learns she is pregnant, and for most of her pregnancy is fearful that something might happen to her baby, so she stops her regular running around Central Park. Carrie puts her fear to rest by telling her that, since she already soiled herself in Mexico, her bad luck is finished. Later, Charlotte has a surprise encounter with Big that leaves her so outraged that her water breaks. Big takes her to the hospital and waits until baby Rose is born, hoping to see Carrie. Harry passes on the message that Big would like her to call him, and that he has written to her frequently, but never received a reply. Carrie searches her correspondence and finds in Louise's personal assistant file that he has sent her dozens of letters copied from the book she read him before their wedding, culminating with one of his own where he apologizes for screwing up and promises to love her forever. Carrie travels to the exquisite penthouse Big had bought for them to collect a pair of brand new Manolo Blahnik shoes (that later become one of the icons of the movie) that she had left there. She finds Big in the walk-in closet he had built for her, and the moment she sees him, her anger at his betrayal dissipates. They share a passionate kiss, and Big proposes to Carrie properly, using one of her diamond-encrusted shoes in place of a ring. They later marry alone, in a simple wedding in New York City Hall, with Carrie wearing the simple suit that she had intended to wear before being enticed away by the Vivienne Westwood dress that she had modelled in the bridal issue of Vogue. Miranda, Samantha, and Charlotte turn up to surprise Carrie, having been called by Big. The film ends with the four women sipping cosmopolitans, celebrating Samantha's fiftieth birthday, with Carrie making a toast to the next fifty.
The Million Pound Note	British	comedy	Ronald Neame	In 1903, American seaman Henry Adams (Gregory Peck) is stranded penniless in Britain and gets caught up in an unusual wager between two wealthy, eccentric brothers, Oliver (Ronald Squire) and Roderick Montpelier (Wilfrid Hyde-White). They persuade the Bank of England to issue a one million pound banknote, which they present to Adams in an envelope, only telling him that it contains some money. The reason for this is that Oliver believes that the mere existence of the note will enable the possessor to obtain whatever he needs, while Roderick insists that it would actually have to be spent for it to be of any use. Once Adams gets over the shock of discovering how much the note is worth, he tries to return it to the brothers, but is told that they have left for a month. He then finds a letter in the envelope, explaining the wager and promising him a job if he can avoid spending the note for the month. At first, everything goes as Oliver had predicted. Adams is mistaken for an eccentric millionaire and has no trouble getting food, clothes, and a hotel suite on credit, just by showing his note. The story of the note is reported in the newspapers. Adams is welcomed into exclusive social circles, meeting the American ambassador and English aristocracy. He becomes very friendly with Portia Lansdowne (Jane Griffiths), the niece of the Duchess of Cromarty. Then fellow American Lloyd Hastings (Hartley Power) asks him to back a business venture. Hastings tells Adams that he does not have to put up any money himself; the mere association will allow Hastings to raise the money that he needs to start up a gold mine by selling shares. Trouble arises when the Duke of Frognal (A. E. Matthews), who had been unceremoniously evicted from the suite Adams now occupies, hides the note as a joke. When Adams is unable to produce the note, panic breaks out amongst the shareholders and Adams' creditors. All is straightened out in the end, and Adams is able to return the note to the Montpelier brothers at the end of the month.
Kiladi Kitty	Kannada	comedy	R. Anantha Raju	Kitty is a pickpocket who takes up the mission of earning 4 crores to rescue the slum dwellers in his area from a builder. He and his gang rob a bank. And they hide the loot in a building under construction. However, by accident they land on a boat to the Andaman Islands which forces them to go away for a month. When they return, they find a police control room at the spot where they hidden their loot. The rest of the story is all about the comedy of errors that follow.
Wild Hogs	American	comedy	Walt Becker	Doug Madsen (Tim Allen), Woody Stevens (John Travolta), Bobby Davis (Martin Lawrence) and Dudley Frank (William H. Macy) are four middle-aged everymen living in a Cincinnati suburb who find themselves bored with the pace of daily life and lack of adventure. Doug is a dentist who has trouble impressing his son Billy (Dominic Janes); Dudley is a single computer programmer who is afraid to talk to women; Bobby is a henpecked plumber whose wife has made him return to work after having taken a year off to unsuccessfully write a book; and Woody is a wealthy lawyer married to a supermodel. They find escape from their daily routines on weekends by riding motorcycles together posing as a biker gang called the Wild Hogs. One day, Woody finds out his wife is divorcing him thus leaving him bankrupt. He convinces his friends to go on a road trip on their bikes to California. After encountering several misadventures, they end up at a local bar, where they meet a much larger biker gang called the Del Fuegos, headed by Jack Blade (Ray Liotta). Jack calls the Wild Hogs posers and has his gang steal Dudley's bike after a bogus deal to exchange Dudley's bike for a new bike that is in fact used and derelict, forcing the men to leave with Dudley in a sidecar attached to Woody's bike. Furious at their lack of respect, Woody returns to the Del Fuegos bar and retrieves Dudley's bike, cuts off their bikes' fuel lines in the process and fabricates a story to the other Wild Hogs of how he negotiated with them to return the bike. When the Del Fuegos hear the Wild Hogs riding back past the bar, they attempt to pursue them, only for the bikes to stall. Jack inadvertently drops his lit cigarette onto the ground, igniting the fuel leaking from the bikes which then causes the bar to explode. Woody, after witnessing the explosion from afar, convinces the others to keep riding. Eventually, the Wild Hogs run out of gas and end up stranded in the desert. They eventually push their bikes to Madrid, New Mexico, where they stumble into a diner and help themselves to water and beer without paying. As a result, the townspeople first mistake them for Del Fuegos. When the Wild Hogs explain their actions, they learn that the Del Fuegos have been terrorizing the town frequently, while the local police force are unable to do anything to protect the town. Although Woody is still anxious about the Del Fuegos, the others convince him to stay in the town overnight. During their stay in the town, Dudley falls in love with Maggie (Marisa Tomei), the diner's owner. While out searching for the Wild Hogs, Jack's closest biker members Red and Murdock spot the group and report their location to Jack. Jack tells the pair not to hurt the Wild Hogs until he gets there, leaving them unable to fight back when Bobby spots and confronts the pair by splashing beer and spraying ketchup and mustard on their clothes before finally laying a low blow to Murdock, thus scaring off Red. The Wild Hogs are hailed as heroes amongst the town's residents and celebrate well into the night with the townspeople. The next day, Woody persuades the others that they must leave, but their departure is ruined when the Del Fuegos arrive. Jack threatens to wreck the town unless the Wild Hogs pay for the damage done to their bar. Woody admits to the Wild Hogs what he really did to get Dudley's bike back as well as the real reason for the trip, angering the others. Jack and the rest of the Del Fuegos take over Maggie's diner, but when he threatens to burn it, Dudley confronts them and is captured and tied from a rope against a tree. The others attempt to rescue Dudley but fail. They then decide to fight the Del Fuego gang letting Jack, Red, Murdock and a member trained in martial arts Tiny battle the group in a 4 on 4 fight but the Wild Hogs are repeatedly beaten up. The townspeople band together to battle the Del Fuegos, but just as Jack threatens to take on the rest of the town, Damien Blade (Peter Fonda), Jack's father and the founder of the Del Fuegos, arrives and stops the fight. Damien lectures Jack for letting four posers hold off an entire biker gang, questioning aloud just which side was the posers. He also adds that the bar was merely an insurance scam and therefore was glad that the Wild Hogs destroyed it. Damien tells the Del Fuegos to leave town and ride the open road until they remember what riding is really about, mentioning as he leaves that Jack takes after his mother. He then acknowledges the Wild Hogs by telling them his motto: Ride hard, or stay home. Doug and Bobby's wives arrive, and Doug reconciles with his son. Bobby's wife orders him to return with her, but he refuses and convinces her to let him finish the ride. The Wild Hogs leave and arrive in Southern California, where everyone except for Dudley crashes into a surfboard while he laughs. During the credits, it is revealed that the Wild Hogs called Extreme Makeover: Home Edition to give the Del Fuegos a new bar. The Del Fuegos react in joy at their new bar while the Wild Hogs watch the event on TV.
Lady in Danger	British	comedy	Tom Walls	In the mythical European country of Ardenberg, General Dittling (Leon M. Lion) stages a military coup. His supporters believe that he will set up a republic but it is actually his desire to restore the monarchy. Therefore, he persuades British businessman Richard Dexter (Tom Walls) to escort the Queen (Yvonne Arnaud) to the safety of England. Once there his relations with the Queen are farcically misconstrued, when his fiancée Lydia (Anne Gray) arrives unannounced. After many adventures, the King (Hugh Wakefield), who has fled to Paris, is reunited with his wife.[2]
Ulsaha Committee	Malayalam	comedy	Akku Akbar	The film is about a school drop out whose pursuit for amazing scientific inventions lands him in trouble.
Carry On Nurse	British	comedy	Gerald Thomas	The journalist Ted York (Terence Longdon) is rushed to Haven Hospital with appendicitis. The ambulance gets there at top speed, but only because the driver wants to know the result of a horse race. Ted is given a bed and is instantly smitten with Nurse Denton (Shirley Eaton). The other nurses are incessantly having to respond to the calls of the Colonel (Wilfrid Hyde-White), who has a private room. He is an inveterate gambler and is having his bets placed by Mick (Harry Locke), the orderly. That evening, the boxer Bernie Bishop (Kenneth Connor) is admitted after hurting his hand at the end of a bout. The next day, the Sister (Joan Hickson) galvanises the nurses, orderly and patients for the inspection by Matron (Hattie Jacques). As usual, she is let down by Nurse Dawson (Joan Sims), a clumsy probationer. Matron checks on the progress of the patients, and speaks to Mr Hinton (Charles Hawtrey), who is forever listening to the radio with his headphones. Mick and the Colonel bet on how long the Matron will take on her rounds. Ted is visited by his editor and agrees to write a series of articles on his hospital experiences. He realises that Nurse Denton is in love with a doctor, but that her interest is not returned. Bernie is told that he will not be able to box for several months at least. Nurse Dawson is sent to ring the bell to signal the end of visiting hours, but she calls for the fire brigade by mistake. The bookish intellectual Oliver Reckitt (Kenneth Williams) is visited by Jill (Jill Ireland), the sister of his friend Harry. They clearly like each other, but are too shy to admit it. Bernie urges Oliver to admit how he really feels about her. Bernie's manager Ginger (Michael Medwin) comes to visit him and tells him that he must try to be more of a showman and not simply go for broke with every match. Nurse Dawson comes in early to sterilise some rubber catheters, but is interrupted by the demanding Colonel. The catheters are put in a kidney dish to boil on the stove. Oliver is furious when the ward has to be cleared and tidied up for Matron's rounds as it upsets his schedule for no obvious purpose. When she arrives everyone begins to smell the forgotten catheters, which by now are burning on the stove. When Matron stops to speak to Oliver, he complains about the disruptive effects that her visits have on the patients. Matron is furious and has the Sister make all the beds again. Jack Bell (Leslie Phillips) arrives to have a bunion removed and is placed on the ward. Jill comes to see Oliver and they admit that they care for each other. She gives him a bar of nougat as a gift, but later that evening it makes him sick. Mr Able complains that he can not sleep as he has been missing his wife. He is put on medication, but it makes him wildly excited and he runs amok in the hospital. Eventually Bernie subdues him with a left hook to the jaw. Bell's operation is delayed, which upsets him greatly as he is planning a romantic weekend. He offers the men in the ward the champagne he was going to drink with his girlfriend. They all get drunk and decide to remove the bunion themselves. The night nurse is tied up and Hinton pretends to be her while the others go to the operating theatre. Jack starts to panic as Oliver prepares to operate, but soon they are all giggling as the laughing gas has been left on. The nurse arrives before any real damage is done. The colonel plays a trick on Nurse Dawson and pins a piece of paper with a large red 'L' on her back. Ted learns that Nurse Denton is applying for a job in America and tries to dissuade her. Jack catches a cold and is told that his operation will have to be postponed yet again. Oliver is discharged and leaves with Jill. Bernie is met by his young son and they leave together. Ted is also discharged and makes a date with Nurse Denton. Nurse Dawson and Nurse Axwell decide to get even with the Colonel and replace a rectal thermometer with a daffodil. Luckily for them, upon her inspection, Matron manages to see the funny side.
Time Gentlemen, Please!	British	comedy	Lewis Gilbert	The Prime Minister undertakes a tour of the cities and towns with the highest percentage figures of employment: Glasgow, Newcastle, Cardiff, and at the top of the list at 99.9%, Little Hayhoe, a small town in Essex (filmed in Thaxted) with a population of 2,000. The 0.1% is Irishman Daniel Dan Dance, who is well-liked by most of the residents. The council, however, are eager to put him out of the way before the Prime Minister arrives. Councillor Eric Hace orders Police Constable Tumball to arrest Dan for skipping out without paying his bill at Hace's pub. Sir Digby Montague, as the head of the council and the local magistrate, plans to sentence him to a week in the gaol. When Sir Digby finds that his maid Sally, who happens to be Dan's granddaughter, has been giving Dan Sir Digby's leftovers for dinner regularly, he promptly sacks her. Miss Mouncey, another council member, comes up with a notion: Dan should go live in the almshouse, which has been empty for 50 years. Vicar Reverend Simpson informs the Crouches, the custodians, that the regulations are to be strictly enforced, even though they are 400 years old. Among other things, the rules dictate that he be washed by the matron every night and wear an old-fashioned uniform. When he returns drunk the next night, he is put in stocks. Displeased by this, the villagers pelt Timothy Crouch with food. Bill Jordan is sympathetic to Dan's plight (and attracted to Sally). He reminds the councillors that an election will be held before the Prime Minister's visit. When Simpson dies, he is replaced by the Reverend Soater, a much more lenient man and an Irishman himself. Soater examines the rules (written in Latin) to see if he can do anything to help his countryman. He discovers that the rents for the extensive lands indicated on a map are supposed to first go to the upkeep of the almshouses, and the remainder distributed to the inmates daily. He estimates that the rents amount to almost £7,000 per annum. Dan, as the only inmate, is entitled to £20 a day! After consulting a lawyer the next day, Soater gives Dan £20, plus the arrears from when Soater arrived. The news spreads quickly. Dan treats everyone to drinks and gifts. Sir Digby offers Dan a very easy job, though with a much smaller salary, to leave the almshouse. When that ploy fails, Hace schemes to make Dan late for the daily 9.00pm closing of the almshouse gates, which would disqualify him; he enlists Miss Mouncey to help distract Dan. Fortunately, Dan gets Miss Mouncey drunk, and she blurts out the plot. Dan rushes back to the almshouse just in time. Meanwhile, Bill Jordan goes out on a date with Peggy Stebbins and, at her insistence, kisses her. Then he quickly drives over to Sally's lodgings and kisses her without a word of explanation. They both enjoy it, but Sally becomes annoyed when he admits Peggy put the idea into his head and slams the door on him. With the council election coming up, Mr. Spink, who owns the local factory, suggests that Dan run for office. Dan is uninterested at first, but soon changes his mind. He is joined by Bill Jordan, Spink and Mary Wade, the shopkeeper who now employs Sally. Hace comes up with a scheme to make Dan look foolish by recruiting 11 tramps for the almshouse, but Souter cites a regulation that the new additions must be approved by the residents. Dan, of course, rejects them. The new candidates are all elected. Sally is so overjoyed, she kisses Bill. Dan rushes back to the almshouse at 9.00, but instead of staying, he exacts revenge on the Crouches, then heads back to the festivities. He announces that now that he has disqualified himself, the money will go to more worthy causes and the almshouses will be converted to a day nursery for the workers. Spink offers Dan a job suitable to his talents: mattress tester. With that, Little Hayhoe reaches its goal of 100% employment and welcomes the Prime Minister ... in a typically English downpour.
Next to No Time	British	comedy	Henry Cornelius	A mild-mannered British planning engineer is sent across the Atlantic by his firm to negotiate a deal, a task for which he feels hugely out of his depth. However, a friendly barman, with the help of one of his special cocktails, convinces him that his personality changes during the hour when the clocks on the ship are stopped when it enters a new time zone in its progress west.
We're the Millers	American	comedy	Rawson Marshall Thurber	A small-time cannabis dealer named David Clark, who lives in Denver, Colorado, is robbed of his money and weed stash; some of which he owes to his wealthy drug lord supplier Brad Gurdlinger. After David is brought to him, Gurdlinger forces David to smuggle a smidge of marijuana from Mexico as a solution to clear his debt. Realizing that one man attempting to get through customs is too suspicious, he hires his stripper neighbor stage-named Rose, a teenage runaway and petty thief named Casey, and his eighteen-year-old neighbor Kenny, to pose as a bogus family called the Millers. When the Millers reach the compound, they find out that the amount of marijuana they were picking up is not a smidge but actually two tons. Because of the extra load of the marijuana on the RV that they are driving, one of the radiator hoses breaks while going up a steep incline. A family they had met at the border, the Fitzgeralds, consisting of Don, Edith, and their teenage daughter Melissa, catch up to them and tow the Millers' RV to a garage. En route to the garage, David learns that Don Fitzgerald is a DEA agent after finding his badge and gun in the glove compartment. The marijuana turns out to be stolen from Pablo Chacón's cartel where Gurdlinger had David pose as an agent of Chacon. The next day, when the Millers return to the garage to collect the RV, the mechanic is found tied-up and gagged with duct tape in his office and Chacón and his henchman One-Eye are waiting for them and prepare to execute the family. They immediately tell Chacón that they are not a real family and that they did not know they were stealing from him. Rose is given a chance to prove that she is a stripper by dancing, and when she gets close, turns a steam vent onto Chacón, allowing the Millers to escape in the RV with Kenny behind the wheel. Due to Kenny's erratic driving, the RV veers off the highway and a Mexican redknee tarantula, hiding in a bowl of fruit, crawls up Kenny's leg and bites his testicle. Kenny has a severe allergic reaction to the bite, and the Millers head to the hospital near a carnival for 4th of July celebrations. This further delays the delivery of the smuggled contraband. During their wait, David and Rose begin to bond and Rose reveals her real name to be Sarah (with an H). The two of them scold Casey for leaving with a strange boy, Scotty P; which leaves Casey feeling amused and happy for the attention she didn't receive from her real parents, who neglected her. David renegotiates with Gurdlinger for a fee of $500,000 on the condition that it arrives that night. When Kenny is finally released from the hospital, David rushes him to the RV in a wheelchair and accidentally tips him over. In the ensuing argument, David inadvertently reveals how much he is getting paid, in comparison to how little he offered to pay each of the others. Casey, Sarah, and Kenny are left in disgust by the revelation, and so David leaves them behind at the local carnival. Shortly after leaving, David regrets abandoning them after hearing Waterfalls by TLC on the radio and returns to the carnival. Casey confides in Scotty about how she felt like she was actually part of a real family. Scotty tries to sexually harass Casey, but is thwarted by Sarah and Kenny. David then arrives at the carnival, begging them to come back with him and offering each a full share of the profits. On their way to the RV, they encounter Edith and Melissa. In the ensuing conversation between the Millers and the Fitzgeralds, Kenny blurts out that they are smuggling cannabis. One-Eye appears and is about to shoot everyone, but Don comes out of his motor home and knocks him out cold. Chacón then appears from around the corner, with Melissa held at gunpoint and is about to kill them all; but is momentarily distracted by 4th of July firework display. David and Kenny then subdue him while he is distracted. Melissa and Kenny (with a newfound confidence) kiss, as do David and Sarah. Don arrests Chacón, but lets the Millers leave. David delivers the drugs to Gurdlinger, who tells him he is late and that their deal is off, but then admits that he had never intended to pay him at all. DEA agents interrupt the meeting, arresting Gurdlinger, revealing that David grassed them up. Don, the agent in charge of the raid, tells David that he will have to be placed in the witness protection program until the trials of Gurdlinger and Chacón are finished. He then adds that anyone who was a witness to the crime will be put into protection, which pleases David. The Millers are then seen together in a suburban house with several marijuana plants growing in the back garden.
Hall Pass	American	comedy	Farrelly Brothers	Rick (Owen Wilson) and Fred (Jason Sudeikis) are best friends, as are their wives, Maggie (Jenna Fischer) and Grace (Christina Applegate). They are both unhappy with their married lives and missing the old days when they were single. Realizing this, their wives talk to their friend Dr. Lucy (Joy Behar) and decide to give them a Hall Pass: a week off from marriage during which they can have sex with other women. They are skeptical at first, but ultimately accept the offers and try to pick up women with their friends Gary (Stephen Merchant), Flats (J. B. Smoove) and Hog Head (Larry Joe Campbell). Maggie and Grace spend Rick and Fred's Hall Pass Week at Maggie's parents' house in Cape Cod, where Grace flirts with athlete Gerry (Tyler Hoechlin). She says that if their husbands have Hall Passes, so should they. With their wives and children away, Fred and Rick check in at a hotel and prepare for their Hall Pass Week. On day one, they decide to eat before going to a local bar and get too tired to spend the night there, preferring to stay at the hotel. On day two, they eat hash brownies and decide to play golf, but get too high and wreak havoc on the golf course. On day three, Rick and Fred go to a bar with their friends but fail to impress the women there. They decide to get drunk in order to become more loose, but go too far and wind up getting into a fight with other customers. They spend day four at the hotel suffering from a hangover. On day five, Rick goes to a local coffee shop where he flirts with an attractive waitress named Leigh (Nicky Whelan), much to the annoyance of her co-worker Brent who insults Rick. When Rick answers him back, Leigh is impressed and tells Rick that they might see each other at the local gym. They later meet there, and Leigh invites Rick for a beer after they work out. Rick decides to sit in the hot tub instead, but falls asleep and stays there for several hours, ending up with his muscles too weak to use and forced to accept the help of two naked men to leave - much to his dismay. Meanwhile, Grace and Gerry get closer, while Maggie finds herself attracted to Gerry's coach. On day six, Rick and Fred go to a bar called Enter the Dragon with their friend Coakley (Richard Jenkins), where Rick meets his children's babysitter Paige (Alexandra Daddario), who has just turned 21 and is with her aunt Meg. Paige is attracted to Rick, but he shoots her down to dance with Leigh. Brent, the party's DJ, is angry at this. After the party is over, Rick goes to party at Coakley's while Fred takes a girl to his hotel room. However, she feels sick, and after a minor incident in the bathroom, is sent back home by Fred before they can have sex. Later that evening, Meg shows up at the room and mistakes Fred for Rick, eventually seducing him. Fred begins to fake oral sex on her. Meanwhile, Gerry's coach tries to seduce Maggie, but she rebuffs him. Grace, on the other hand, has sex with Gerry, but tells him it will be just that one time. On her way back home, she feels guilty about cheating on Fred and has a car accident. At Coakley's house, Rick is approached by Brent, who is angry at Rick for going out with Leigh. Leigh calms Brent, then finds Rick alone in a bedroom and offers him a one-time fling. He initially wants to do it, but ultimately rebuffs her, unable to cheat on Maggie. After answering Fred's phone, Rick learns of Grace's accident and makes his way to the hotel to tell him. In the lobby he finds Paige, who thinks he was having sex with Meg. They enter the room and find Fred having fake sex with her. After finding out the truth, Meg kicks Fred in the face. Upon hearing about Grace's accident, Fred tries to go to the hospital but finds Brent vandalizing what he thought was Rick's car. Upon seeing Meg, his mother, at the hotel, Brent thinks Fred has had sex with her and tries to kill him as well, but runs out of bullets and is tackled by Paige and Meg. Rick and Fred make their way to the hospital with Brent and the police chasing them. At the hospital, Brent is arrested for attacking them and Fred finds out Grace only broke her nose. Rick goes back home to Maggie. He tells her he did not use the Hall Pass and remembers the time he lost his virginity to her. She is the only woman he has ever been with. Moved by his declaration, Maggie tells him she did not use her Hall Pass either, and they reconcile and have sex for the first time in months. Fred and Grace also reconcile and decide to hide their cheating from one another. However, Fred ultimately confesses that he used his Hall Pass with Meg when Grace asks him to take her to see Kathy Griffin. During the credits, Fred hosts a barbecue where he pays Kathy Griffin to be present. Noticing how happy Maggie and Grace are following the Hall Pass week, Gary's wife suggests that she give him a Hall Pass. After a fantasy where he sleeps with a married woman, resulting in the death of her, her husband, her grandmother and several innocent bystanders (and ending with him getting raped in prison), Gary agrees to give it a whirl.
Get Your Man	British	comedy	George King	A determined young woman sets up an elaborate plan to secure the man she has fallen in love with.
Blind Dating	American	comedy	James Keach	Danny Valddesechi (Chris Pine) is an intelligent, handsome, charming boy who happens to be blind. Having been blind from birth, he volunteers for a risky experimental visual prosthesis that may restore his sight—having a microchip installed in the visual cortex of his brain that connects to a camera that would give him only, at best, fuzzy black and white images. During the tests he meets a beautiful Indian nurse, Leeza (Anjali Jay). Meanwhile, because Danny is a virgin at 22, his brother Larry (Eddie Kaye Thomas), who runs a limousine service, gets him a string of hilariously disastrous blind dates in between rentals. When Danny finally realizes that he is falling for Leeza, she tells him she cannot see him anymore because she has been promised in an arranged marriage. Believing that Leeza did not pursue their relationship because of his being blind, Danny becomes depressed and stops taking the necessary tests for his brain surgery. Danny's family, his eccentric psychotherapist Dr. Evans (Jane Seymour) and eye doctor Dr. Perkins (Stephen Tobolowsky) advise him to continue because it is his only chance of seeing, and soon Danny is successfully operated on. He sees his family's faces for the first time, but not Leeza's, who was away, reluctantly preparing for her engagement party. Soon the experiment proves to be a failure, as the fragile prosthesis in his brain moves, clouding his already weak vision, and Danny goes back to being blind. Realizing that he really loves Leeza, he bursts into the engagement party, professing his love for her and saying Love is how you speak to me. Love is how you touch me...and guide me showing me the way to go. And when we kiss, when we kiss, it moves me to my soul. The couple kiss. At this the marriage is called off and Danny and Leeza start over, learning more about each other's family and culture.
Harold	American	comedy	T. Sean Shannon	Harold Reynolds (Spencer Breslin) is a 13-year-old boy with early male pattern baldness. Harold seems to cope all right in his hometown, Douglasburg, until his mom, Maureen (Ally Sheedy), announces that the family is moving to a new house in a new town. Harold panics, because he had somewhat fit in with everyone at his old school, despite his baldness. When he arrives in his new house, Harold is met by an elderly new neighbor, Maude (Suzanne Shepherd), who assumes Harold is older because of his baldness, and starts flirting with him. Harold starts at his new school, and because he initially wears a hat into class, he is seemingly accepted, especially by a girl, Evelyn (Elizabeth Gillies), whom he briefly flirts with. When the teacher, Ms. Vicki Norris (Rachel Dratch), notices him wearing a hat, he is forced to take it off, thus revealing that he is bald. Instantly he is ostracized by the other students, including Evelyn. Harold's older sister, Shelley (Stella Maeve), has started High School in the new town as an immensely popular and flirty cheerleader. She meets a boy named Patrick (Robert Gorry) and they quickly start dating, which leads to Patrick assuming that Harold is Shelley's father. Patrick asks Harold to buy some beer for him and his friends, which works multiple times. Harold is bullied relentlessly by students. One of the few nice people is Cromer Styles (Cuba Gooding Jr.), the school janitor. While in gym class, the bullying rears its ugly head and the Coach (Chris Parnell) joins in. Cromer comes to the rescue when he announces Harold is wanted in the office. That was just a decoy – Cromer and Harold watch TV in the janitor's room. Harold returns home, angry and upset, and decides to go back to his old home, where everyone liked him. He leaves late at night so that his Mom and sister won't get suspicious. He only makes it as far as a strip bar. Harold thinks that because he looks older, he may pass for legal age, but Cromer is there as well, and he takes Harold home. He gives Harold words of encouragement, and then drops him off at home. The next day in gym class, Harold is asked to take his shirt off as part of the Skins and Shirts team. He has a big strip of hair on his back, and everyone starts laughing at him. He talks to Cromer, and they decide to pull a prank on the coach, turning off the hot water when the coach is in the shower. Not wanting to go back to school, Harold buys a few beers for himself, and is followed by Maude, who still thinks that he is much older. When he tells her he is 14, she thinks that means the size of his manhood. When he explains he is only 14 years old, she tells him to come back in a few years. Patrick and his buddies ask Harold for one more favor: to get them some beer for a party. Harold buys the beer, but is arrested by police, who believe him to be an adult selling beer to minors. They do not believe him when he tells them that he is only fourteen. He is taken to jail and is bailed out by Cromer. Later that night, Patrick apologizes for what happened, and tells Harold he wants to have sex with Harold's sister. Shelley tells Harold she doesn't really want to have sex, although she likes Patrick. They get Cromer to wait outside the hotel room, When Shelley leaves the room, Maude is sent in her place, and Patrick ends up having sex with her. There is a go cart race coming up, and some of the bullies put a dent in Harold's cart in order to slow him down, but Cromer repairs the dent. A lady from the crowd shows her breasts to the bullies in order to distract them, enabling Harold to win the race, and, ultimately, the respect of the school. The movie ends with Harold holding his trophy and the bullies apologizing for teasing him, now wanting to be his friends.
Clerks II	American	comedy	Kevin Smith	Eleven years after the events of the first film, Dante (Brian O'Halloran) opens the Quick Stop convenience store to find that it is on fire; Randal (Jeff Anderson) had left the coffee pot on after closing the night before. As a result of the destruction of Quick Stop and the adjacent RST Video, Dante and Randal begin working at a Mooby's fast food restaurant along with Elias (Trevor Fehrman) and their manager Becky Scott (Rosario Dawson). A year later, Dante is planning to leave his minimum wage lifestyle in favor of a family life in Florida with his fiancée Emma Bunting (Jennifer Schwalbach), whose father will provide them with a home and a business to run. This leaves Randal, who fears that with Dante moving to Florida would leave him without his best friend, bitterly disappointed. Jay and Silent Bob (Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith) have since followed Dante and Randal, and now loiter outside of Mooby's. Jay and Silent Bob no longer do drugs after they were arrested for the possession of drugs and were sent to rehab, and become devout Christians following their release. However, the duo continue selling drugs. Dante eventually confesses to Becky that he is worried about dancing at his wedding, so she takes him up onto the roof of the restaurant to teach him some moves. Dante soon lets go of his inhibitions and learns how to dance. When the song ends, Dante, caught up in the moment, tells Becky he loves her, and she reveals to him that she is pregnant; Dante and Becky had a one night stand on the prep table a few weeks before. Becky tells Dante not to tell anyone about the baby; however Dante tells Randal, and an angered Becky leaves when she learns that Dante told Randal. Randal encourages Dante to leave Mooby's in search for Becky, and in the meantime, sets up a surprise going away party for Dante. Randal hires Kinky Kelly and the Sexy Stud, a donkey show with a fog machine. When Dante comes back, he mistakes the fog for a fire and calls the fire department, but upon discovering that it is not a fire, he proceeds to watch the show with Randal, Jay, Silent Bob, and Elias. The group soon discovers that Kinky Kelly is, in fact, the donkey, while the man (Zak Knutson), whom Randal thought to be the pimp, is The Sexy Stud. When Becky returns, Dante confesses his love for her. As they kiss, Emma arrives. She throws her engagement ring at Becky, dumps a cake she'd made for Dante over his head, and angrily walks off. The fire and police departments soon arrive and discover the show. Dante, Randal, Elias, Jay, Silent Bob, and The Sexy Stud are detained and jailed. Although they are informed they will soon be released, Dante blames Randal for ruining his life and expresses his eagerness to start a new life without Randal, while Randal condemns Dante for his willingness to live his life under the standards of others and for walking out of their friendship. Amid the argument, Randal proposes that they buy the Quick Stop and re-open it, although Dante says that neither have the money to purchase the store. Jay and Silent Bob offer to lend them some money (from the royalties they collected following the events of Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back) on the condition that they can hangout outside of the Quick Stop anytime they want without calling the police. Randal accepts their offer, but Dante remains skeptical, prompting Randal to emotionally confess his fear of losing Dante. As a result, Dante agrees to the proposition as well, and after his release, he proposes to Becky, who accepts. After the Quick Stop and RST Video are rebuilt, Elias applies for a job and is hired at RST Video. In the very last scene, with the store open, Dante says, Can you feel it? Today is the first day of the rest of our lives. The camera slowly zooms out, showing the newly rebuilt store and the scene turns black-and-white, while a woman checks through the milk jugs to find one with the furthest expiration date.
An Alligator Named Daisy	British	comedy	J. Lee Thompson	Returning from a cricket match in Ireland, Peter Weston (Sinden), an Englishman, is left with a pet alligator by another passenger who abandons it to him. Horrified, his first instinct is to get rid of it as soon as possible. However, he soon develops a bond with Moira (Carson), a young Irishwoman, which appears to be centred almost entirely around the animal. He soon discovers that Daisy is very tame and domesticated, and seems to be the way to Moira's heart. Once back in London, Weston struggles to keep Daisy under control – as she upsets his family, loses him his job at a department store and imperils his relationship with his fiancée Vanessa (Dors). He plans to get rid of Daisy, but the police and a pet shop refuse to take her so he abandons her in Regent's Park, later returning with a sense of guilt to rescue her. Owing to a mix-up, Daisy is packed along with the rest of his luggage and accompanies him to his prospective father-in-law's country house. There, Daisy escapes and causes mayhem, while the arrival of Moira's husband produces a surprising outcome for all of them. Jeannie Carson sings I'm in Love for the Very First Time by Paddy Roberts. The song was an Ivor Novello Awards winner in 1956.
Missing, Believed Married	British	comedy	John Paddy Carstairs	When young Heiress Hermione Blakiston discovers that the count she was engaged to is a fortune-hunting imposter, she runs away. Concussion to the head during a street brawl leaves Hermione with amnesia, but she is rescued and taken in by street vendors Flatiron and Mario. When the count appears on the scene once more and tricks Hermione into going to Paris with him, her new friends follow and rescue her again.
Bobbikins	British	comedy	Robert Day	This adventure follows the story of a young navy man, his wife (Shirley Jones) and their baby son, Bobby aka Bobbikins. To his surprise, Dad discovers his son talks, not baby-talk or gibberish but adult conversations with his father only. Bobbikins learns stock market tips and passes them to his Dad. After making a killing on the stock market, problems really begin. The dad is presumed mad, the government is after him, and the break down of relations between the young couple ensues. But there is hope. A comedy with a happy ending.
The Man Who Sued God	Australian	comedy	Mark Joffe	Advocate Steve Myers (Billy Connolly) is a disillusioned lawyer who becomes fed-up with the perceived corruption within the judicial system. He quits the law business and buys a small fishing boat and takes up fishing for a living. His fishing boat is struck by lightning and explodes into pieces, burns and sinks. He informs his insurance company, which reviews and then subsequently declines his claim on the grounds that it is not liable as his fishing boat was destroyed due to an Act of God. Frustrated that his claim is repeatedly declined, Steve files a claim against God, naming church officials as representatives of God and thereby the respondents. The church leaders, their respective lawyers and their insurance company get together to find a way to settle this dilemma, which catches the fancy of the media. It is in Court that God's representatives will have to admit that the destruction of Steve's fishing boat was actually God's Act, accept and compensate him, or deny it altogether thereby denying God's existence, leaving the onus on Steve to prove his claim. Myers's battle brings media attention leading to a meeting with journalist Anna Redmond (Judy Davis) who helps to raise his public profile, enlisting the support of others who had fallen victim to insurance companies' Acts of God clause. He also faces heavy criticism and protests from religious groups as his profile grows, and he backs the church into a disadvantageous position. However, the attention takes its toll on Myers' family, who are exploited by the media, his ex-wife already crippled by debt as the guarantor of the boat. Steve faces a reality check as his family considers moving to Perth, on the other side of the country. Meanwhile, Anna Redmond comes under fire for a history of disputes and attacks on insurance companies, drawing criticism that the case is little more than a publicity stunt. Facing a drawn out legal battle and the impact it would have on those around him, Steve decides he has won a moral victory, and withdraws from the case but not before convincing the judge that insurance companies' use of the term Acts of God is a misleading term.
Out West	American	comedy	Roscoe Arbuckle	Arbuckle plays a drifter who has caught a ride hiding in a train's water tank but is thrown off the train after being discovered stealing food from the passengers. He is chased by a group of Indians who intend to kill and eat him. He runs to a town called Mad Dog Gulch where he inadvertently foils a robbery attempt by Wild Bill Hickup (St John) and his gang after which the town sheriff (Keaton) appoints him the new bar tender of the local bar The Last Chance Saloon. Later Hickup returns, this time drunk and causing chaos in the bar. After he begins forcing himself on a young lady Salvation Sue (Lake), The Bartender and the sheriff attempt to eject Hickup once again. When their attempts to knock him out by breaking bottles over his head and even shooting him in the back prove ineffective, they manage to subdue him by tickling him until he flees. Humiliated, Hickup attempts to gain his revenge by kidnapping Sue and riding out of the town with her as his gang keep the bartender and the sheriff at bay. The bartender eventually breaks free and chases Hickup back to his shack as the Sheriff holds off Hickup's men. After once again subduing Hickup by tickling him, the bartender and Sue push his shack off a hill with him still inside.
The Navigator	American	comedy	Donald Crisp, Buster Keaton,	Wealthy Rollo Treadway (Buster Keaton) suddenly decides to propose to his neighbor across the street, Betsy O'Brien (Kathryn McGuire), and sends his servant to book passage for a honeymoon sea cruise to Honolulu. When Betsy rejects his sudden offer however, he decides to go on the trip anyway, boarding without delay that night. Because the pier number is partially covered, he ends up on the wrong ship, the Navigator, which Betsy's rich father (Frederick Vroom) has just sold to a small country at war. Agents for the other small nation in the conflict decide to set the ship adrift that same night. When Betsy's father checks up on the ship, he is captured and tied up ashore by the saboteurs. Betsy hears his cry for help and boards the ship to look for him, just before it is cut loose. The Navigator drifts out into the Pacific Ocean. The two unwitting passengers eventually find each other. At first, they have great difficulty looking after themselves (as they had servants to do that for them), but adapt after a few weeks. At one point, they sight a navy ship and hoist a brightly colored flag, not realizing it signals that the ship is under quarantine. As a result, the other vessel turns away. Finally, the ship grounds itself near an inhabited tropical island and springs a leak. While Rollo dons a deep sea diving suit and submerges to patch the hole, the natives canoe out and take Betsy captive. When Rollo emerges from the ocean, the natives are scared off, enabling him to rescue Betsy and take her back to the ship. The natives return and try to board the ship. After a fierce struggle, Rollo and Betsy try to escape in a small dinghy. It starts to sink, and the natives swiftly overtake them in their canoes. Just when all seems lost, a navy submarine surfaces right underneath them and they are saved.
Little Man	American	comedy	Keenen Ivory Wayans	The film starts off with Calvin Babyface Simms (Marlon Wayans) who is a very short convict. He is seen getting released and planning a robbery to steal a diamond with the help of his goofball cohort Percy (Tracy Morgan). After the successful robbery, the duo are almost arrested, but not before Calvin manages to stash the diamond in a nearby woman's purse. The thieves follow the handbag's owner to her home where they discover a couple, Darryl (Shawn Wayans) and Vanessa Edwards (Kerry Washington), who are eager to have a child. Calvin and Percy hatch a plot to pass Calvin off as a baby left on the couple's doorstep. After seeing Calvin, Darryl and Vanessa, wanting a child, immediately adopt the baby as their own. However, Vanessa's dad Francis Pops (John Witherspoon) has a bad feeling about Calvin. Friends of the couple find Calvin odd as well. Soon, Calvin warms up to the family. A local goon named Walken (Chazz Palminteri), discovers the deception and demands the diamond from Percy. Percy arrives at the house that Calvin is staying in, and convinces Walken's henchmen that Darryl is his partner. Walken and his henchmen go to the house and they keep Calvin and Darryl hostage. In a series of comedic maneuvers, Calvin manages to rescue Darryl and have Walken arrested. Darryl is given a substantial reward for the recovery of the diamond, and since Calvin saved his life, he doesn't turn him over to the police. Before he leaves, Calvin thanks Darryl for taking care of him even though he wasn't really a baby and admits that he thinks Darryl would make a great father for a real child someday. Calvin is about to be out of Darryl's life for good, as Darryl watches him leave. Calvin is crying hysterically, so Darryl decides to let Calvin stay and from that point on, the two men become the best of friends. The film ends at some point in the future with Calvin and Pops playing with Darryl and Vanessa's real baby, who looks exactly like Darryl (Shawn Wayans' face superimposed on that of the baby). And they all lived happily ever after.
Employee of the Month	American	comedy	Gregory Coolidge	For years, Zack Bradley has been working at the local Super Club as a box-boy. He lives with his grandmother and spends his free time with co-workers Lon Neilson, Iqbal Raji, and Russell Porpis-Gunders. Despite his slacker-like ways, he is kind-hearted, popular and supportive. His co-worker Vince Downey earns the Employee of the Month title for the 17th time in a row. Vince is egotistical and rude towards his co-workers, including his box-boy Jorge Mecico, whom he berates constantly. When new cashier Amy Renfro is hired, Zack and Vince fall for her and compete for her affection. Zack is told that Amy slept with the Employee of the Month at her last job, so he decides to win the title. Amy has dinner with Vince, but is repulsed when he puts the move on her. Vince does not realize how Amy feels, thinking they had a good kiss, and continues pursuing her. Zack steps up his act and begins going to work on time and working harder, giving Vince competition for the title. He also goes on a date with Amy, which takes place entirely in Super Club. Within a few days, with Vince still winning the daily star, Zack realizes that getting Employee of the Month is not as easy as he thought. With Iqbal's encouragement, Zack finds his groove and, to Vince's horror, wins the star the next day. A war of attrition begins, as Vince tries everything he could think of to derail Zack's string of stars, even breaking into his house one night to reset the clocks; the sabotage causes Zack to arrive a minute late the following day, but with Iqbal's help, Zack's attendance card indicates that he arrived on time, causing Vince's scheme to fail. Zack takes Iqbal's shift on the day of a championship slow-pitch game against rival chain Maxi-Mart. However, he leaves to play in the game and Iqbal is fired. Frustrated at Zack's new attitude, his friends tell him he is turning into Vince and feel his attempt at getting the title is a result of trying to have sex with Amy. Amy overhears the conversation and is disgusted at Zack for his true intentions, prompting her to compare him to her last boyfriend, also an Employee of the Month with whom she indeed had sex but could not stand his attitude, which was why she requested a transfer. At month's end, Zack and Vince are tied. On the day of the tie-breaking competition, Zack quits, gets Iqbal his job back and tells him he took responsibility for what happened, making a heartfelt apology to Lon, Iqbal, and Russell. Zack tells them he plans to win the competition, not for recognition or to make an impression, but for pride. When the store manager is about to announce Zack's resignation, Zack, Lon, Iqbal, and Russell show up claiming Zack never filed the resignation papers. It is revealed that Russell bribed the HR manager with a broken Butterfinger. Zack tries to reconcile with Amy, giving a heartfelt apology and telling her that no matter what, he is a better man because of her. Despite Vince's protests, the competition, for the fastest checkout, is held. The Employee of the Month Award will be granted to the person who finishes the task first. Vince beats Zack by seconds but, during the award ceremony, Semi, the security guard, brings a surveillance video of the competition that shows Vince throwing items behind his back and onto the conveyor belt without scanning them. Vince denies the allegations of under-ringing. The store's assistant manager, who had just completed an audit of the tills used in the competition, proved the surveillance video was right about Vince giving customers free items and has been doing this for 18 months, costing the store thousands of dollars. Vince is fired and required to wear a police tracking device in lieu of jail time. Zack ends up winning the competition, and his relationship with Amy is rekindled. Six weeks after he is terminated from Super Club, Vince is on probation and working at Maxi-Mart, a rival store. Jorge finally learns to assert himself and treats Vince the same as he was treated by him. He is still willing to give Vince a ride to the bus stop, knowing that this would put him outside the range of his probation ankle monitor.
Just My Luck	British	comedy	Jack Raymond	A shy teacher takes over the running of a hotel.[2]
Young Einstein	Australian	comedy	Yahoo Serious	The film begins with Albert Einstein (Yahoo Serious) as the son of an apple farmer in Tasmania in the early 1900s. He is uninterested in the family business, but shows an interest in science, especially in the study of physics. His interest leads his father to show him his grandfather’s “laboratory”, a shed in the middle of the Australian bush where he made beer. His father tells him that they’ve tried for years to introduce bubbles to beer, saying that the person who can could change the world. After a day’s worth of heavy drinking, Albert postulates the theory of Mass–energy equivalence (E=MC2) as a formula to split beer atoms to create bubbles in beer. After spending all night preparing, he splits a beer atom (with hammer and chisel), which causes the shed to explode. Albert runs to his parents, blackened from the explosion, carrying the formula and a glass of beer with bubbles in it. His father tells him to head to the Australian mainland and patent the formula. Once arrived, he boards a train for Sydney, where he is introduced to Marie Curie (Odile Le Clezio), a French scientist studying at the University of Sydney and Preston Preston (John Howard), the pompous manager of the Sydney Patent Office. Marie is fascinated by Albert, where Preston is annoyed and storms off to find a conductor to remove him from the train. Albert tells Marie of his theory, which she finds fascinating. Once arrived in Sydney, Albert finds lodging in a whorehouse, and finds that the patent office will not accept theories, but only applicable ideas that apply to inventions. Albert leaves and meets Marie at the university, only to upset her professor by erasing his work and writing his own theory, causing him to be comically thrown out. She reiterates his brilliance and is seemingly more taken with him than before. Meanwhile, Preston is attempting to woo Marie with his upper-class lifestyle. During a performance at a social club, she mentions that Albert’s theory has merit and is extremely interesting. Preston takes this as a challenge to his romantic aspirations and has his clerk call Einstein in to take his formula for safe keeping. Preston then turns the formula over to the Bavarian Brothers, a pair of brewmasters who intend to use the formula to get rich. Meanwhile, Albert continues inventing things (such as Rock and roll and the electric violin), he also begins a romance with Marie, he takes her to the beach and demonstrates surfing for her. As they are leaving, Marie comments that she wished this moment could last forever. Suddenly, Albert has a realization and comes up with the theory of Relativity on the spot. Marie is amazed that he came up with that so quickly. As they return to the hotel, the clerk tells him that Preston is creating a keg using his formula. Albert runs to the Bavarian Brothers to tell them that they can’t create this keg, they claim that Einstein is insane and have him committed. On his way to the mental institution, he meets a group of deranged scientists, including Ernest Rutherford. Once committed, his electric violin is destroyed by the nurse and he is kept isolated from the outside world in an electric cell. Marie confronts Preston about his theft of Einstein’s research and his commitment to an institution. Preston counters that Einstein would have done nothing with it and he was trying to help everyone. Marie infiltrates the institution under the guise of Einstein’s father, she confronts Albert in the shower room and tells him of Preston’s plot. When Albert says there is not much he can do about it now, Marie storms out saying she needs a man of action. Albert rebuilds his violin into an instrument more resembling an electric guitar, he plugs it into the electrified door and plays the instrument, shorting the door out and escaping. He returns to the hotel to find a note from Marie, saying she has left Australia and returned to France. Albert finds a small steamboat and sails to France to confront Marie. She initially rejects him, but acquiesces when he tells her he’s prepared to stop Preston. They use the Curie family hot air balloon and head to the Nobel ceremony in Paris that night. Many inventors and scientific luminaries are there, such as the Wright Brothers and Sigmund Freud. Charles Darwin announces Preston Preston is the winner of this year’s Nobel Prize for his discovery of putting bubbles in beer. Preston begins his speech, but is interrupted by Albert, who questions if Preston even knows what happens when an atom is split. When Darwin realizes that Preston has (unknowingly) built an atomic bomb, he orders Preston to stop. Preston scoffs the warning and starts the keg, which starts shaking and building up pressure. Einstein attaches his guitar to the keg as a way to drain the atomic keg, Marie tells him not to as this would kill him. Albert sends her away and starts playing a riff on the guitar, this seems to work as the keg begins to lose power. Preston attempts to kill Einstein, but is knocked unconscious by Marie. Albert is starting to feel the effects of siphoning off the energy from the keg as he starts to radiate pure energy. This causes a massive feedback, then an explosion. As the smoke clears, Albert is standing there, blackened (like before in the shed), but otherwise unharmed. He and Marie kiss as the assembled crowd cheers for him. He returns to Tasmania with the keg and the Nobel Prize (in his name). He tells his family that he will give his formula to the world instead of keeping it for personal gain. Marie questions what will happen if governments use that formula to create atomic weapons. Albert naively replies “If you can’t trust the governments of the world, then who can you trust?” Albert steps in front of the mic and says that he has learned a new theory out of this, he then pulls up his guitar and starts playing a rock song to the delight of the assembled crowd.
2 Harihar Nagar (2 ഹരിഹർ നഗർ)	Malayalam	comedy	Lal	The movie starts with a flashback, in front of a church, in 1980 when the four main characters were children. This scene the beginning of their friendship. Thomas Philip (a.k.a. Thomas Kutty) loses money to a scam artist, who responds to his complaints with violence. He is rescued by the other three who respond to his calls of distress. They then invite Thomas Kutty to join their group who, above all, vow never to cheat on one another. The scene is transitioned by the quote Thomas kutty Vittodaa! (Thomas kutty, time to run!) once the scam artist brings his friends to return the beating he got. The movie transitions to the current time: Each of them are introduced again, 20 years later. Mahadevan is a Psychologist and an unhappily married father in the Middle East. Govindan Kutty is a Civil Engineer-cum-CEO who's happily married Parvathi (Lena) and settled in Kochi. Appukuttan (now Dr. Appukuttan Nair) is a dental specialist, living in Bombay who often fights with his wife and twins. The prologue show them preparing to travel back to Harihar Nagar to attend Thomas Kutty's wedding; he, after years of enjoying his bachelor life, has decided to settle down and marry an orphan who belonged to the same church as him. The prologue also highlights that none of them have really changed from their flirtatious ways, despite being married. After arriving at Harihar Nagar, they settle into Govindan Kutty's old house at Harihar Nagar. Disappointed at how life has become sombre after growing up, they decide to revert to their younger selves for the rest of the trip. To jump start their trip back to youthfulness, Mahadevan suggests that they should create problems in the neighborhood: According to him, its only with problems that one becomes youthfully energetic. While staying at Govindan Kutty's house, they are greeted with flowers left at the doorstep with a tag reading Maya. Immediately thinking that this is their old Maya, they go to meet her in a café. They barely miss her, but Appukuttan throws a rock and breaks her car's rear window. An anonymous woman steps out of the car. But it is not their Maya. They are immediately arrested. Later, Maya comes and gets them out of jail saying that they are her friends and didn't recognize it because she hadn't seen them in a long time. Once out, she says not to bother her anymore because of this. Maya lives right across from Govindan Kutty's house. Trying to find the weakness that will draw her attention, one night Appukuttan looks to the window and is frightened by the sight of a ghostly figure with a burned face. Thomas Kutty is not staying with the other three on that night, but he arrives the next morning. Mahadevan says a sentimental story to make Maya believe that they're not here for wrong reasons. She later comes and visits them and becomes their friend. A hilarious sequence follows. It is revealed that Maya is John Honai's daughter, in cahoots with her evil brother (John was the villain in the first part). Thomas Kutty gets kidnapped days before his wedding and his three friends are suspected. They are followed by the police. Meanwhile, Freddy Honai,son of John Honai reveals that he has Thomas kutty. When the threesome (with great difficulty) enters Freddy Honai's hiding place they find Thomas Kutty. Freddy Honai demands the box filled with money which the old Maya had given them. The 3 friends say to Freddy that they will give the box when the original owner comes in front of them. Freddy calls them to a room where a face covered man with his wheelchair by halfly burned face is sitting. Appukkuttan remembers the face that he seen the face earlier at Christina's their known Maya's house. Freddy reveals it is the person the foursome knows as John Honai, his father. The box is now in a bank with each of the foursome knowing two digits of the password. The four escape, but now Appukuttan is missing. Maya is found and chided. But she tells her story full of dire circumstances. The correct code for the box sounds faulty. It seems that Appukuttan who is in the hands of Honai has forgotten his two digits. After a lot of twists and turns they confround Honai who has a time bomb attached to his pet Lousie, a clinging lizard. The time bomb comically gets caught over each person. But then things get serious. The time bomb gets caught on Thomas kutty and Honai presses the ignition to burst in 30 seconds. Thomas Kutty runs to Honai in the last few seconds and pushes Honai and himself into the next room. The bomb explodes and Thomas Kutty fakes his death and Honai gets killed. In the end, the other three friends eventually find out that Thomas Kutty is alive and was cheating them the whole time. Everything that happened thus far was a plan made by Thomas Kutty to get the box of money for himself. But he apologizes for everything he did and they all reconcile at his wedding and becomes best friends again.
When the Clouds Roll By	American	comedy	Victor Fleming & Theodore Reed	As described in a film magazine,[3] Daniel Boone Brown (Fairbanks), a superstitious but ambitious young New Yorker, is the victim of demented psychiatrist Dr. Ulrich Metz (Grimwood) who, with the aid of numberless associates serving him in the interests of science, arranges circumstances intended to lead Daniel to suicide. In the midst of a series of bewildering misfortunes apparently emanating from broken mirrors, black cats, and similar sources, Daniel meets Greenwich Village artist Lucette Bancroft (Clifford), and mutual love results. A Westerner who owns land in partnership with Lucette's uncle comes to the city and plot's with Daniel's uncle Curtis (Lewis) to defraud his partner. Daniel, after being driven to the verge of suicide by the scientist and his aides, is saved when it is discovered that Dr. Metz is insane. Daniel then follows the Westerner, who has convinced Lucette to return to the west with him, when a flood engulfs the train they are riding on. Daniel brings about a happy resolution.
Forgetting Sarah Marshall	American	comedy	Nicholas Stoller	Composer Peter Bretter (Jason Segel) is in a five-year relationship with actress Sarah Marshall (Kristen Bell), who stars in a CSI-like television show titled Crime Scene: Scene of the Crime. One day, as Peter stands stark naked in their apartment, Sarah announces that she is breaking up with him. Devastated, and unable to banish his grief through one-night stands, Peter takes a trip to Hawaii. However, the vacation is ruined when he learns that Sarah and her new rock star boyfriend Aldous Snow (Russell Brand) are also guests of the resort. Taking pity on him, hotel concierge Rachel (Mila Kunis) offers him an expensive suite for free in exchange for cleaning up the room himself. Peter begins spending time with Rachel and starts to develop feelings for her. Meanwhile, the relationship between Sarah and Aldous begins to falter. Much of the discord is triggered by the news that Sarah's TV show has been canceled and that Aldous is about to embark on a world tour with his group, Infant Sorrow, for 18 months. During a day of surf and sand Aldous and Peter run into each other and begin talking. Inadvertently, Aldous informs Peter that he and Sarah began having sex a full year before she broke up with Peter. When Peter confronts Sarah, she tells him she began feeling disconnected emotionally from him and she couldn't do anything to make their relationship work. Further exacerbating the situation is Sarah's obvious jealousy of the budding relationship between Peter and Rachel, while Peter (through observing Sarah's relationship with Aldous) begins to realize that his relationship with her wasn't as great as he remembered. Sarah, Aldous, Peter, and Rachel later share an awkward dinner together. After the dinner, Peter takes Rachel back to his hotel room and they begin to have sex. Sarah hears them through the wall and initiates sex with Aldous, moaning loudly for the benefit of the couple next door, and Rachel and Peter turn the situation into a competition and become even louder. When Aldous realizes Sarah is clearly putting on a performance to provoke a reaction from Peter, he stops the sex and tells her the trip was a mistake as she's clearly not over Peter. They bicker furiously, prompting Aldous to announce that the relationship is over. The next day Peter encounters Aldous, and learns that he and Sarah have broken up and that he is flying back to England. Peter goes to Sarah's room to console her where she admits she still loves him and tries to rekindle their romance. The two start to engage in sexual activity, but Peter abruptly cuts it off because of his feelings for Rachel, and his now ambivalent feelings towards Sarah. Peter immediately goes to Rachel to confess what happened, but she is hurt and demands that he leave and never contact her again. Before leaving, Peter takes down a naked picture of Rachel from a local bar despite enduring a beat-down from the owner. He flies back to Los Angeles and after a period of sadness and self-loathing, he begins working on his Dracula puppet comedy-rock opera, A Taste for Love. He sends an invitation to Rachel for the opening night performance. Although extremely hesitant at first, Rachel eventually decides to attend. After the performance Rachel congratulates Peter and tells him she's looking into attending school in the area. She leaves so Peter can bask in the success of his show, but quickly returns to Peter's dressing room to tell him she misses him. Peter tells her that he has missed her, too. The film ends as they embrace and kiss.
The Navy Lark	British	comedy	Gordon Parry	Captain Povey has built a reputation for shutting down redundant naval bases, and now has his eye on the minesweeping detachment on Boonzey island (55.5 miles from Portsmouth, a Channel Island). Arriving on inspection, he is told tales of finding many mines in the sea there and not believing them goes out on the Compton minesweeper. The crew were supposed to find Bessy, a mine-shaped object used to collect Lifeboat funds but found a real mine instead, which Pouter bashes about in an effort to take it apart. Released, it explodes nearby and this convinces Povey that the incompetents there are not up to the job and he decides on using a competent crew to do the job. CPO Banyard uses his Pullson's Fulminator Mark III trick (it does not exist) to delay their decommissioning and what started off as a thin folder goes around the military offices and comes back to Povey's office as a mountain of paper work. He sees through it and goes back to the island only to be told there has been an outbreak of Yellow Fever there. He is taken in and leaves but decides to return and the trick is revealed as life is back to normal there. Now more than ever he is determined to shut them all down. Gaston Higgins, a Frenchman, owns the local bar and when he gets drunk he talks of revolution and kicking the British off the island. They decide to use him and say they are under siege from revolutionaries. Povey knows this is another trick and officially gives them three days to leave the island, but his bosses and the government believe the story when they get reports from a reporter, Lt Binns, who was sent there to take photographs. Questions are asked by the British and French governments and Povey's career is on the line as he is told to sort this out as the British do not run from the French. Povey goes to the island and a fake attack on Gaston and his men is launched but Povey finds out it was all a hoax. Ready to hand out court martials all round, Povey is confronted with a picture Binns took of him leading an all-out attack on what is now known to be a hoax, which will be front-page news across the world tomorrow. Stanton talks him into seeing sense and Povey, with his career in tatters if it gets out, tears up his report. He leaves and life goes back to normal on the island. On the way back to Portsmouth, their boat hits another real sea mine and Povey, Binns and the others are left to swim back to base.
Her Reputation	British	comedy	Sidney Morgan	A woman plans to boost her public profile by getting a divorce and enlists the help of a male friend to act as co-respondent leading to a series of mix-ups and her eventual decision not to get divorced.
Hailesa (ഹെയ്‌ലസാ)	Malayalam	comedy	Thaha	The hero of the story, Unnikrishnan, has been brought up by Madhavan and his wife and grows up working in Madhavan’s fertilizer unit. In fact it was Unnikrishnan’s hard work that led to Madhavan’s rise in life. Madhavan’s son Ulpalakshan (Full name: Ulpalaksha Pundareekaksha Markandeyan) is Unnikrishnan’s constant companion. One day, when a gang of goons attack Madhavan in a bid to vacate him from his land, Unnikrishnan intervenes and beats the goons to pulp. And then things take such a turn that he’s forced to leave the place. He lands in a city where a rich man by the name of Ganapathy Iyer lives. Ganapathy Iyer, who uses a wheelchair, employs Unnikrishnan who becomes his virtual shadow. Before reaching the city however, he comes across a girl in the streets, who is being chased by people shouting ‘Thief, Thief’. Ulpalakshan too comes to the city and gets into Iyer’s service. Ganapathy Iyer reveals that he had in the past loved a woman named Savithri, but had to leave the country on account of certain developments, and had lost touch with her. He had come to know later that Savithri had even given birth to their daughter, but he could never find the whereabouts of Savithri and her daughter. He wants Unnikrishnan to help him trace them. Unnikrishnan and Ulpalakshan feel that it’s not easy trace Savithri and her daughter and so plan to bring in another girl as Ganapathy Iyer’s daughter and to tell him that Savithri was no more, hoping that this would help Ganapathy recover from his illness. Then one day, Ulpalakshan brings in a girl and presents her before Iyer. Unnikrishnan is shocked to find that the girl, Shalu, is none other than the one he had seen earlier on the streets being chased by others. What happens from then forms the rest of the film.
Mayamohini (മായാമോഹിനി)	Malayalam	comedy	Jose Thomas	The film starts with a plane accident in which a small child narrowly escapes. He is then looked after by his maternal uncle (Vijayaraghavan), and all the family's wealth will be inherited to him. As per their astrologer, in the future he should marry a young woman whose star is Chothi Nakshatra, only then will he prosper in life. The boy grows up to be a young man Balakrishnan (Biju Menon), who is unsuccessful in anything he does. He falls in love with Maya (Lakshmi Rai), the daughter of a wealthy businessman named Raj Kumar Patella (Mohan Sharma), who is settled in Mumbai. When Patella gets to know about their relation, he objects; Maya elopes with Balakrishnan. In the meantime Lakshminarayanan alias Lakshmi (Baburaj), a friend of Balakrishnan tries to convince Balakrishnan's uncle about the marriage and the uncle agrees to visit the couple. But then, on the second day of the marriage Maya leaves him and returns to Mumbai. Balakrishnan didn't want his uncle to know that his wife left him, so he hires a woman Mayamohini (Dileep) to act as his wife. The story continues with many twists and later it is revealed that Mayamohini is a man named Mohanakrishnan, who the Kerala police had been searching for. He had been put into a trap by Patella and his men. Balakrishnan agrees to help him in his quest. They travel to Mumbai and there they meet Maya, who is working as a club dancer known by the name Katreena. She agrees to help them and tells all truth about Pattela, that she is a gangster and she was cheated by him years ago when being tricked to work in his company. In the flashback it turns out that Mohanakrishnan's father, Sankaran Potti (Nedumudi Venu), a temple priest, was killed by Pattela and his manager Sanjay (Kazan Khan) to get hold of their property. Pattela is opening a new business (which is a fraud company) in town and on the inauguration day has arranged some dance as well. Mohan gets dressed up as Mayamohini again. Pattela invites 'her' to his room and tries to have sex with 'her'. In the meantime, the cops arrive to arrest Mohan. Pattela dies in the shootout that follows, and later Mohan is released of his charges. Later, Lakshmi's family comes for an alliance with Mayamohini, not knowing the truth. His sister was also with him and her star is revealed to be Chothi much to the delight of Balakrishnan.
He's Way More Famous Than You	American	comedy	Michael Urie	When once-up-and-coming indie film starlet Halley Feiffer loses her boyfriend, her agent and her career in one fell swoop she finally realizes that something has got to change...she has to become WAY MORE FAMOUS! Armed with a stolen script and two pitchers of sangria, Halley enlists the help of her brother Ryan to make a movie, starring herself (of course), and any A-list celebrity she can land. Halley will stop at nothing in this balls to the wall Hollywood comedy...even if it means hurting the only people who truly care about her.
Trouble Brewing	British	comedy	Anthony Kimmins	George Formby plays a Daily Sun compositor who wins a large sum at the racing. He collects three ten pound notes. Unable to spend them at the bar, he exchanges them for six fivers. He is paid with counterfeit notes. Formby’s character (George Gullip) then tries to find the criminals. In the process he goes under cover as a waiter and a wrestler. Clues suggest the villain is Gullip’s own boss.
Little Miss Nobody	British	comedy	John Daumery	A Danish actress working on the London stage earns a film contract.
Women Aren't Angels	British	comedy	Lawrence Huntington	Music publishers Wilmer Popday and Alfred Bandle find themselves unwittingly embroiled in an espionage adventure, when they go away on manoeuvres with the Home Guard.
Aamayum Muyalum	Malayalam	comedy	Priyadarshan	In a fictitious poverty-ridden village of Gowlipady, which is virtually ruled by the ruthless Zamindari Bhandaravathi. Kashi a lottery salesman. He is the only literate person of the village. Once, a lottery sold by him happens to win the first prize of ₹5 crore, greedy Kashi tries to get back the lottery ticket but doesn't know to whom he has sold the ticket. So, he conducts a treat exclusive to all those who have bought tickets from him. To gain entrance, they need to give their tickets back. As the treat ends, all the tickets he have sold except one is collected. Later, he comes to know that the one remaining ticket, the same ticket which won the prize, sold to Anthony is still not collected. He goes over to Anthony's home and finds him dead. While Kashi tries to make it look like a suicide, Nallavan comes to see Kashi doing so. Later, Kashi makes Nallavan agree to split the money that Anthony received after dumping Anthony's body in the nearby lake. While doing so, Kallu sees them and overhears their plan. Later, Kashi explains it all and asks him what it would take him to keep quiet. He says he isn't interested in money and instead he wants to marry Thamara who is the daughter of Nallavan. After arguing for a while, they agree to do so. While all three go over to the lake, a group of village citizens, in search of Nallavan and Kashi, finds them with the body. With a made-up story, they get away with it with luck. Later, while Kallu drives to the lake, he stumbles upon Thamara and explains the story. Meanwhile, the vehicle rolls over to the nearby forest and the dead body flies over to the top of a tree. Kallu looks for the body, and finds it missing. Next day, Kashi goes over to a phone booth to call over to the lottery office and finds out that Anthony had already called the office. Now they drop the money plan and just want to get away with the murder. Then, a few men, while passing by, tell them that Anthony is sitting on the top of a tree, but they don't realize that he is dead. Kallu and the others get the body down and go over to Anthony's house with body. There, Anthony's sister Mary also comes to know about the story. Then Tamara tells her friend that she is going to run with Kallu. Kallu's father argues with Tamara's father that he got the money and he is rich. Then Kallu's father join their group and keeps it a secret. There is a big crowd in front of Anthony's house, and Anthony's sister is making excuses not to make them in. The crowd got in on the act. Now everybody is getting suspicious of their family. Anthony's sister finally made the agreement. Now the queen in the village is going to Anthony's house and she knows everything. Everybody is getting annoyed. They finally get the agreement to do his funeral, but not let anyone know. They are going to make an agreement. They tell Tamara's father to do the funeral and to be strong. Kashi tells the inspector the wrong way to Anthony's house. But Kashi is coming with the inspector who asked the route to Anthony's home. They meet Tamara's father and the man asks Tamara's father the route to Anthony's house, but he doesn't tell him. They finally reach a wrong house and make the child Anthony and they start arguing. They finally reach Anthony's house and Kashi tells Anthony's sister to tell the inspector that he is in the bathroom. The inspector is sneezing. Kashi sees Tamara's father. Tamara's father acts like Anthony and is yelling to Kashi like mad. They finally do Anthony's funeral. The inspector sees the funeral. They finish the funeral and everybody goes home. Now the seen is to Mayllapa and the Sikhs to hit him. Mayllapa knows about the things between the secret group and argues that he wants to marry Tamara. Kallu's marriage got fixed but Mayllappa ruined it, and the story is gone into crazy situation.
Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay	American	comedy	Jon Hurwitz, Hayden Schlossberg	After returning home from White Castle, Harold Lee and Kumar Patel decide to travel to Amsterdam, Netherlands so Harold can surprise his neighbor and newfound girlfriend Maria. At the airport, the duo encounter Kumar's ex-girlfriend Vanessa Fanning, who is engaged to Colton Graham, a college friend of Harold's whose family has political connections. The plane passengers mistake Kumar's bong for a bomb and the duo are apprehended by sky marshals. Ron Fox, a neurotic and racist Deputy of Secretary of Homeland Security, believes the duo are agents of a joint Al-Qaeda and North Korean conspiracy and send them to Guantanamo Bay detention camp in Cuba. The duo escape and board a Cuban refugee boat to Miami, Florida where they begin their trek to Texas, hoping Colton can clear their names. On the road, Kumar has flashbacks of meeting Vanessa in college. The duo endure several misadventures on their way to Texas, such as staying at the home of incestuous sibling couple and their imbred son, escaping a Ku Klux Klan rally, and visiting a brothel with Neil Patrick Harris, who helps them evade capture from Fox. When they reach Texas, Colton agrees to exonerate the duo, but upon seeing Kumar reconnect with Vanessa, Colton instead delivers them to Fox. On the flight back to Cuba, Harold and Kumar subdue Fox and his guards and escape via parachute. Fox falls to his death in the struggle. The two land in President George W. Bush's estate. While smoking cannabis with the duo, Bush pardons them. The duo are escorted to Vanessa and Colton's wedding by Secret Service and expose Colton's betrayal to Vanessa and the guests. Colton confronts them, but Harold punches him out. Kumar consoles a furious Vanessa by reciting a poem he wrote for her in college and they reconcile. Harold, Kumar, and Vanessa travel to Amsterdam where Harold finds Maria. The couples happily tour the city while getting high off cannabis.
 Housos vs. Authority	Australian	comedy	Paul Fenech	The movie starts with a dedication to Aussie legend Ian Turpie. Two men drive women in hummers to Sunnyvale to shoot an ad campaign which is interrupted by Sharon Shazza Jones (Elle Dawe) after which Franky Falzoni (Paul Fenech) starts a riot. Shazza is mad at Darren Dazza Smith because he has no money to pay off the fines and bills. Barry Bazza Jones explains that Wazza passed away from a heart attack caused by excessive sexual intercourse that he had with a lady he met at the races. Two coppers then bust Franky after which he runs off until the coppers run into Kevin Kev Takamata and Vanessa Ness Talawahoo. Gary And Richard find their car has been stripped by the junkies and immediately take chase. Shazza receives a letter from her mother Rayleen who says she is sick and doesn't have much time left. Dazza interrupts an upset Shazza and she slams the window on his arm. Dazza goes to the ice rink with Franky and Kev. When he gets there Franky explains that Kylie was hit by a train when trying to tag it. After attacking the ice rink manager for illegal consumption of alcohol. Dazza realises they have a Centrelink appointment. After leaving the rink, Franky and Dazza leave Kev and the two receive food vouchers for their kids and attempt to raffle off chickens only to fail. When Franky catches up to Dazza and Kev he finds that they set up a spa bath and a barbecue. Reg receives a phone call from Rayleen saying that she lives at Ayers Rock when Shazza answers she lies at first but then hangs up in tears. Franky then robs a cafe but Dazza and Kev run into Junior and Franky's ex Cheree who take Franky's money. Before Franky can steal it back he is forced to run away when he hears the cops. Dazza rants about Shazza's mum with Franky and Kev until they hit two coppers on push bikes. Shazza goes to see the bikies who tell her that they need to run some illegal stuff (illegal drugs and firearms) up to the Northern Territory and that she can see her mum on the condition that she brings it back. After everyone gets in the van Franky is forced to get rid of the coppers (two of which are fired for destroying the road bikes). Eventually Franky catches up with them and after a detoured trip the gang make it to the bikies hideout only to find a letter that they're busy. The gang reaches Shazza's mother's house but only Shazza and Vanessa go in. After Rayleen explains that she committed 18 acts of fraud to pay of Wazza's debts Vanessa goes outside where Franky is tormenting the animals and eventually pecked by an angry emu. Rayleen then dies and a devastated Shazza comes out bawling. The housos attempt to gain access to the rock only to be denied due to failure to pay the entry fee. They then break in and Franky goes to deface the rock while Kev, Vanessa, Dazza and Shazza have an orgy until they are arrested by the fired cops. The former Mayor of Sunnyvale Simon Abbott is elected into federal parliament but his live interview is interrupted by the news that four of the housos got arrested for breaking into Uluru. When they get to court Shazza explains that they were only committing the act of a true Aussie and are let off with a warning. On the way back to Sunnyvale the housos deliver the stuff to the Alice chapter and then run into Franky who refuses to say anything related to what happened with him. Simon convinces the prime minister to re arrest the housos who appear in the Supreme Court in Canberra. Johnno the dwarf bikie acts as their lawyer until he attempts to commit an act of contempt after the judge tells him he's not allowed to smoke or drink in court. After multiple arguments Franky tells the story of what happened in the bush and explains that he snuck into an army base which was American land. Franky then explains that aliens gave him an anal probe. After the judge continuously asks Franky to remove his hat, he loses it and attempts to thong the judge. Shazza then commits an act of contempt of court and the housos are given ten years until that night A Current Affair plays the footage and re edits it leaving all the Sunnyvale housing commission residents disgusted. Simon is forced by an angry prime minister to let the housos free or he will be fired. The whole of Sunnyvale has a party until Junior and Franky's ex Cheree show up demanding money for child support. Franky refuses which starts a riot until the coppers show up after which the riot is taken out on them. Shazza and Dazza return to Ayers Rock and spread Rayleen's ashes after which Dazza accidentally snorts them leaving Shazza disgusted.
You're Fired	American	comedy	James Cruze	As described in a film magazine,[2] old Gordon Rogers (Roberts) believes in working 18-hour days while Billy (Reid), who is in love with Gordon's daughter Helen (Hawley), does not believe in working at all. The hard-hearted father will accept Billy as a son-in-law on one condition: that he earn his own living for one month and if, during that time, he hears the fatal words You're fired! addressed to him, then Helen, sole heiress of the Rogers' millions in gold, can never be his. While this is a terrible test, Billy is game. His first job as a stenographer he resigns at the end of his first day to avoid being fired. Job number two is at a restaurant where he is required to wear the garb of an ancient warrior known to all readers of historical novels as a halberdier, and then pose as a statue on the landing of the stairs. To the restaurant comes fair Helen, her father Gordon, and Tom (Woodward), a young gentleman willing to do anything short of murder the sake of the young lady and her golden prospects. Old Gordon has arranged a merger of a stray railroad he owns with another company, and is fighting Tom's uncle, an unscrupulous financier who has promised his nephew a supply of ready cash if he can obtain the papers for the deal. Tom known that the papers are in a safe at the Old Rogers' home, and hires two experts to open the safe and get the papers. All of these people are meeting at the restaurant. Helen catches sight of Billy in his ancient garb and recognizes him. She tries to find out why he is so dressed, but Bill is sworn to secrecy and dare not tell her. To show her anger she insists that he wait on her party, and is almost fired when he spills soup on her gown. Previously Billy had worked as a xylophone player at a dance where Helen was a guest, and hid behind a false mustache. Her great anger when he would not do as she demanded shows her true love for him. Billy manages to stick out the thirty days without being fired and also obtains the merger papers stolen from the safe, and returns them to Gordon, who hands over his daughter at once.
Little Big Shot	British	comedy	Jack Raymond	This crime comedy shows the bumbling son of a recently deceased crime boss, who does his best to follow in his father's footsteps, but to little avail. In the end, he accidentally switches sides and helps to bring in the crooks. It is a remake of the 1936 film Where There's A Will.
The Hundred-Foot Journey	American	comedy	Lasse Hallström	The Kadam family ran a restaurant in Mumbai. The second-oldest son, Hassan (Manish Dayal), was being groomed to replace his mother (Juhi Chawla) as the restaurant's main cook. However, a mob attacks and firebombs the restaurant over an election dispute. Papa Kadam (Om Puri) and his family evacuate the guests, but Mama is killed. Seeking asylum in Europe, the family first settles in London, where their residence proves ill-suited for a restaurant. They depart for mainland Europe. Shortly after entering France, the brakes on Papa's van fail near Saint-Antonin-Noble-Val in the Midi-Pyrénées. Marguerite (Charlotte Le Bon), a sous chef at an upscale French restaurant named Le Saule Pleureur (The Weeping Willow), passes by and offers to help the Kadams find an auto repair shop and a guest house. She brings the Kadams to her apartment and treats them to cold food. Papa is amazed at the quality of the food in the village and its availability and discovers that Marguerite made the food herself. Papa learns of an abandoned restaurant building available for purchase. It is located directly across the street — only a hundred feet (30 m) — from Le Saule Pleureur. Madame Mallory (Helen Mirren), proprietor of Le Saule Pleureur and purporting to act as caretaker for the owners of the abandoned restaurant, asks the Kadams to leave because it is private property. Papa buys the property, even though the rest of his family is against it, and names the restaurant Maison Mumbai. Mallory asks for their menu and by the time of their opening night has bought all the locally available ingredients they would need to serve. A cold war erupts between Papa and Mallory. The war peaks on Bastille Day when one of Mallory's chefs, Jean-Pierre, and two others vandalize the Kadams' restaurant by spray-painting words which translate to France for the French on the outer wall and firebombing the interior. Hassan catches the arsonists in the act and scares them off, but his hands and legs are burned. The following morning Mallory, who knew nothing of the arson and vandalism, dismisses Jean-Pierre and personally cleans the graffiti from Maison Mumbai. Hassan, having heard from Marguerite that Mallory hires potential chefs by taste-testing an omelette and deciding whether the person is indeed a great chef, asks if he may cook an omelette for her to his recipe. Due to his injured hands, Mallory helps under Hassan's supervision. After tasting the omelette, Mallory recognizes Hassan's potential and invites him to work for her. Papa is initially against the move, but ultimately strikes a deal with her as to Hassan's pay. Hassan's cooking, which gradually evolves into a fusion of Indian cuisine and French cuisine, results in Mallory's restaurant receiving its second Michelin star. The award draws national attention to Hassan's cooking, and he is offered and accepts a job in Paris. Papa and Mallory make amends and begin seeing each other. Hassan's cooking in Paris quickly receives critical acclaim, fueling speculation of a third Michelin Star for the Paris restaurant, but his work is increasingly bogged down by thoughts of his family and Marguerite (with whom he had an ongoing romance). Hassan returns home and reunites with Marguerite. He invites Marguerite to join him in a business venture—buying a stake in Mallory's restaurant, along with operational control. Hassan believes this will help the restaurant earn its third star. That evening, Hassan and Marguerite prepare dinner at Mallory's restaurant and bring the dishes across the road to the courtyard of Maison Mumbai for all to enjoy.
Gentlemen of Nerve	American	comedy	Charlie Chaplin	Mabel and her beau go to an auto race and are joined by Charlie and his friend. As Charlie's friend is attempting to enter the raceway through a hole, the friend gets stuck and a policeman shows up.
Up to the Neck	British	comedy	Jack Raymond	Shy bank clerk Norman B. Good comes into a big inheritance and uses it to realise his ambition to be a theatre impresario. Falling for chorus girl April Dawne, he invests most of his money in an expensive show designed to make her a star. When the production is a disaster, Norman takes to the stage in a desperate bid to improve the play by playing the lead. His monocle and toothy grin win him raves as a comic genius (despite the fact that he was playing the role straight), and the show becomes a hit as a comedy.
French Leave	British	comedy	Jack Raymond	During World War I, Captain's wife Dorothy Glenister finds it hard being separated from her husband, so she travels to France to the village where he's stationed. Dorothy disguises herself as the daughter of a local, which leads to complications when she's suspected of being a German spy.
Abdulla the Great	British	comedy	Gregory Ratoff	The film is set in a Middle Eastern country whose absolute ruler, Abdullah (Gregory Ratoff), lives a life of great luxury, surrounded by lovely women. When Ronnie, a beautiful English model (Kay Kendall), arrives, Abdullah falls for her and offers her great riches. She resists his advances as she is more interested in Ahmed (Sydney Chaplin), an officer in the King's army. While this is going on, Abdullah is unaware of the growing discontent among his subjects which threatens to overthrow him.
Our Hospitality	American	comedy	John G. Blystone, Buster Keaton	The Canfield and McKay families have been feuding for so long, no one remembers the reason the feud started in the first place. One stormy night in 1810, family patriarch John McKay (Edward Coxen) and his rival James Canfield (Tom London) kill each other. After the tragic death of her husband, John's wife decides her son Willie (the infant Buster Keaton Jr.) will not suffer the same fate. She moves to New York to live with her sister, who after the mother's death raises him without telling him of the feud. Twenty years later, Willie (Buster Keaton Sr.) receives a letter informing him that his father's estate is now his. His aunt tells him of the feud, but he decides to return to his Southern birthplace anyway to claim his inheritance. On the train ride, he meets a girl, Virginia (played by Keaton's wife Natalie Talmadge). They are shy to each other at first, but become acquainted during many train mishaps. At their destination, she is greeted by her father (Joe Roberts) and two brothers (Ralph Bushman and Craig Ward); she, it turns out, is a Canfield. Willie innocently asks one of the brothers where the McKay estate is. The brother offers to show him the way, but stops at every shop in search of a pistol to shoot the unsuspecting Willie. By the time he obtains one, Willie has wandered off. Willie is very disappointed to discover the McKay estate is a rundown home, not the stately mansion he had imagined. Later, however, he encounters Virginia, who invites him to supper. When he arrives, the brothers want to shoot him, but the father refuses to allow it while he is a guest in their mansion. The father refers to this as our hospitality. When Willie overhears a conversation between the brothers, he finally realizes his grave predicament. A parson comes to supper as well. Afterward, the parson prepares to leave, but he finds it is raining furiously. The Canfield patriarch insists the parson stay the night. McKay invites himself to do the same. The next morning, McKay stays inside the house, while the Canfield men wait for his departure. The father catches McKay kissing his daughter. McKay finally manages to leave safely by putting on a woman's dress. However, a chase ensues. He eventually starts down a steep cliff side, but is unable to find a way to the bottom. One Canfield lowers a rope (so he can get a better shot) to which Willie ties himself, but the Canfield falls into the water far below, dragging Willie along. Finally, Willie manages to steal the train locomotive and tender, but the tender derails, dumping him into the river towards the rapids. Virginia spots him and goes after him in a rowboat; she falls into the water and is swept over the edge of the large waterfall. McKay swings trapeze-like on a rope, catching her hands in mid-fall and depositing her safely on a ledge. When it grows dark, the Canfield men decide to continue their murderous search the next day. Returning home, they see Willie and Virginia embracing; Joseph Canfield furiously rushes into the room, gun in hand. He is brought up short by the parson, who asks him if he wishes to kiss the bride. Seeing a hanging love thy neighbor sampler, the father decides to bless the union and end the feud. The Canfields place their pistols on a table; Willie then divests himself of the many guns he took from their gun cabinet.
Fukrey	Bollywood	comedy	Mrigdeep Singh Lamba	The film is set in Delhi, where four Fukrey (a colloquial Punjabi term for slackers) boys,[9] come together to make easy money. The group includes two school backbenchers, Hunny (Pulkit Samrat) and Choocha (Varun Sharma), who are perpetually dreaming of making it big. They want to get into the local college but don't have the grades. The college guard Pandit (Pankaj Tripathi) tells them that he can leak to them the class XII papers at a rate of ₹ 50,000 per subject. Through Pandit they meet Zafar (Ali Fazal), a former student of the college and a struggling musician. The fourth character is Lali (Manjot Singh), whose father runs a sweet shop. Lali is currently pursuing his degree through correspondence and like Hunny and Choocha also wants to get into the same college but doesn't have the marks. Pandit tells Lali to donate ₹ 250,000 in the college development fund to get a seat in return. Zafar's girlfriend, Neetu (Vishakha Singh), has broken up with him and his father is critically ill and needs money for his treatment. The four meet up at Pandit's office where Hunny explains his scheme. Each night Choocha has a dream, which Hunny later interprets as a lottery number, which they buy and win. And for every rupee invested, they get ten rupees (basically ten times) back. However, since now they all together need a lot of money, they need someone to invest lakhs. So, on Zafar's insistence, Pandit takes them to meet a local gangster, Bholi Punjaban (Richa Chadda) where Hunny tells them their scheme. Bholi is ready to invest and Lali also gives his shop papers as mortgage. Bholi tells them to come the next day with the number. However, the same night everyone except Choocha falls asleep. The next morning, Choocha narrates a fake dream which Hunny interprets and gets a number. They go to Bholi and tell the number. But it backfires and Bholi loses her money. Now to recover her money, she gives them a packet containing drug pills which Zafar, Hunny and Lali have to sell at a rave party the same night. She keeps Choocha as security with her. At the party, Police and Narcotics teams conduct a raid and Lali escapes with packet with the police chasing him. Lali manages to fool the police and reaches Neetu's place. He also sees Zafar there. Neetu throws the drugs down the drain just as the police are about to search her home. The police leave her place warning Lali. Zafar in the meanwhile tells the whole story to Neetu. Lali also calls Choocha telling him to run from Bholi's house which he succeeds in doing. The next morning, all the five land up at Bholi's place. She gives them 24 hours to pay all the money due otherwise she would take the money by selling Lali's shop. The four are fighting at Zafar's place where Choocha tells them the truth about not seeing the dream. However, he tells them that he slept last night and he saw a dream. Zafar is not interested while Lali, Hunny and Neetu are. Hunny interprets the dream but they are short of cash even after Neetu is ready to give her savings. However, next morning Lali is able to borrow cash from a homeless man who used to remove parts from Lali's motorbike. They invest and win a huge amount. They go to Bholi's house and give her the money. Then Hunny tells Bholi that he wants to sell those drug pills again and gives her an advance. Impressed Bholi goes inside and returns with the pills only to be caught red handed by the police and Narcotics who have raided her home. In a flashback, it is shown that while Hunny, Choocha, Lali and Neetu were investing the money, Zafar met the Narcotics division and made a plan to catch Bholi and also calls Neetu, Lali, Choocha and Hunny where they confess to the police. Now with Bholi behind bars, the police pardon the four and they are free. Three months later, it is shown that Hunny and Choocha are entering the same college on horses as they had planned in the beginning of the film while Pandit is shocked and Lali, Zafar and Neetu are having a good laugh.
Morning Glory	American	comedy	Roger Michell	Aspiring news producer Becky Fuller (Rachel McAdams) has dreamed since childhood of working for the Today show, but her dedication to her career is off-putting to potential suitors. After being laid off from her job at the local Good Morning New Jersey, her mother advises her to give up her dream before it becomes an embarrassment. However, Becky perseveres, sending many different résumés out. She finally receives a call from IBS, which is looking for a producer on its struggling national morning show, DayBreak. After a discouraging job interview with Jerry Barnes (Jeff Goldblum), who dismisses both her and DayBreak as also-rans, Becky bumps into one of her heroes, veteran television journalist Mike Pomeroy (Harrison Ford) in an elevator. She is brushed off rudely, but is told by the other passenger that this is just typical of Mike. Seemingly against his better judgement, Jerry hires Becky to be DayBreak's executive producer. On her first day, Becky realizes she has signed on to a show in turmoil, lacking in direction and money. After meeting the acerbic but long-suffering co-host Colleen Peck (Diane Keaton), who predicts Becky's demise, she fires the conceited co-host Paul McVee (Ty Burrell), much to the delight of her co-workers. Becky chooses an unwilling Mike as Colleen's new co-host. Mike is under contract to IBS, but has mostly managed to escape being utilized while still getting paid. Becky finds a clause in his contract by which he is obliged to accept an official job offer or lose his salary, so he is forced to comply. Becky gets to know Adam Bennett (Patrick Wilson), another IBS producer who had worked with Mike previously. After initially teaming up to deal with Mike, they begin dating, and he is initially supportive of her dedication to her job. Pomeroy proves to be hard going, throwing his weight about, trying to sabotage his debut on the show by getting drunk, refusing to banter with Colleen on air, and ensuring he only does serious news stories by making use of a clause in his contract that allows him to refuse certain assignments, like cooking segments, that he considers beneath him. As ratings begin to drop, Becky is told that DayBreak might be canceled. After a heated confrontation with Mike, Becky snaps and decides on a radical approach to save the show. She improves ratings by persuading Ernie (Matt Malloy), the DayBreak weatherman, to do the weather while doing stunts, such as riding a new Six Flags roller coaster. Colleen also expresses a keen interest in Becky's campaign to rejuvenate the show, and appears on a number of colorful segments that help the show's ratings. Jerry remains unconvinced that Becky can get the ratings up enough to stave off cancellation. Adam, not realizing what is on the line, teases Becky about how caught up she is in improving the ratings, but she sees it as a criticism that she has heard from previous men, and walks out. Mike tells her that he was once the same way, but ended up with no life outside of work. During a staff meeting, Pomeroy shows interest in doing a story, surprising colleagues. Becky goes along but realizes that he is going to the governor's summer house instead of the destination she expected. Mike ends up confronting the governor on charges of racketeering, and breaks the story of his arrest on live television. This increases DayBreak's ratings enough to secure another year for the show. Due to DayBreak's rise in popularity, Becky receives a job interview from Today. During the interview, DayBreak is on. Between segments, Colleen tells Mike about the interview, and that his refusal to adapt has driven Becky away. He goes to the kitchen where food segments are done. Becky watches in shock as Pomeroy tells the viewers how to make a good frittata. Becky runs back to the set and decides to remain at DayBreak.
 A Month of Sundays	Australian	comedy	Matthew Saville	Real estate agent Frank Mollard won't admit it, but he can't move on. Divorced but still attached, he can't sell a house in a property boom - much less connect with his teenage son. One night Frank gets a phone call from his mother. Nothing out of the ordinary. Apart from the fact that she died a year ago. Thus blossoms a charming and unusual friendship with an elderly woman which inspires Frank to reconnect with life.
 Napoleon Dynamite	American	comedy	Jared Hess	Napoleon Dynamite is a socially awkward 16-year-old boy from Preston, Idaho, who lives with his grandmother, Carlinda Dynamite, and his older brother, Kipling Ronald Kip Dynamite. Kip, 32, is unemployed and boasts of spending hours on Internet chat rooms with his girlfriends and aspiring to be a cage fighter. Napoleon daydreams his way through school, doodling ligers and fantasy creatures and reluctantly deals with the various bullies who torment him, particularly the obnoxious sports jock, Don. Napoleon likes to make up stories about himself and his outlandish skills while having a sullen and aloof personality. Napoleon's grandmother breaks her coccyx in a quad-bike accident and asks their Uncle Rico to look after the boys while she recovers. Rico, a middle-aged and flirtatious steak-loving former athlete who lives in a campervan, treats Napoleon like a child. He uses the visiting opportunity to team up with Kip in a get-rich-quick scheme to sell numerous items door-to-door. Kip wants money to visit his Internet girlfriend LaFawnduh while Rico believes riches will help him get over his failed dreams of NFL stardom and his recent breakup with his girlfriend. Napoleon becomes friends with two students at his school: Deb, a shy girl who runs various small businesses to raise money for college; and Pedro, a bold yet calm transfer student from Juarez, Mexico. A friendship soon develops between the three outcasts. During this time, preparations begin for the high school dance. Pedro first asks Summer Wheatley, a popular and snobby girl, to be his dance partner, but is rebuffed. He then asks Deb, who accepts happily. Pedro encourages an upset Napoleon to find a date for himself, and he picks an attractive classmate called Trisha from the school yearbook. As a gift, he draws a bad picture of her and delivers it to Trisha's mother, who is incidentally a customer of Rico. Rico tells embarrassing stories about Napoleon to evoke sympathy from her. She buys the goods and also forces Trisha to reluctantly accept Napoleon's request. Inspired by an election poster at the dance, Pedro decides to run for class president, putting him against Summer. The two factions put up flyers and give out accessories to the students to attract voters. In an attempt to increase their respect by demonstrating skills, Napoleon and Pedro enter a Future Farmers of America competition, grading milk and cow udders. They do well and win medals, but this does little for their popularity. Incidentally, Napoleon visits an op-shop and buys a dance instructional VHS called D-Qwon's Dance Grooves, becoming a skillful dancer. Kip, meanwhile, is head-over-heels in love since LaFawnduh has come to visit him from Detroit. She gives Kip an urban makeover, outfitting him in hip-hop regalia. Seeing that he dances, LaFawnduh also gives Napoleon a mixtape. Rico's ongoing scheme causes friction with Napoleon as he continues to spread embarrassing rumors about him to his prospective customers. Rico later tries to sell Deb a breast-enhancement product, claiming it was Napoleon's suggestion, which causes her to break off their friendship. His scheme ends when he visits the wife of the town's martial arts instructor, Rex, to try and sell her the breast enhancements; Rex walks in and beats him up after witnessing Rico's demonstration. On the day of the class president elections, Summer gives a speech before the student body, and then presents a dance skit with a school club. Pedro and Napoleon then discover that a skit was also required from them, and a despondent Pedro gives an unimpressive speech. In an attempt to save Pedro's campaign, Napoleon gives the sound engineer LaFawnduh's tape, and spontaneously performs an elaborate dance routine to Canned Heat by Jamiroquai. Summer and her boyfriend Don are unimpressed, but the routine receives a standing ovation from all the other students, including Deb. The film concludes with Pedro becoming the class president, LaFawnduh leaving with Kip on a bus for Michigan, Rico reuniting with his estranged girlfriend, Grandma returning from the hospital, and Napoleon and Deb making up and playing tetherball. In a post-credits scene, Kip and LaFawnduh are married in an outdoor ceremony in Preston. Napoleon, absent for the vows, arrives riding a horse, claiming that it is a wild honeymoon stallion that he has tamed himself. Kip flicks LaFawnduh's garter as a keepsake towards Napoleon, Pedro and Rico (who catches it) before he and LaFawnduh ride off across the fields.
Where's George?	British	comedy	Jack Raymond	The film is about Alf Scodger's attempts to fool his overbearing wife. As a result of these attempts, he accidentally discovers that he has a talent for rugby league and is picked to play for his local Yorcaster club against their rivals Oldcastle from Lancashire. 'George' is a foal that Alf buys and then loses. While playing in the rugby match, Alf spots George in the next field and whilst running to recapture the foal, catches the ball and scores the match-winning try. A local dignitary watching the match sees him score the try and this leads to Alf and his wife becoming reconciled.
Along Came Polly	American	comedy	John Hamburg	Reuben Feffer (Ben Stiller), a risk analyst for life insurance, is celebrating his honeymoon with newlywed wife, Lisa Kramer (Debra Messing), on the island of St. Barts, but catches her having sex with Claude (Hank Azaria), a French scuba instructor. Returning home to New York alone, he attempts to piece his life back together. Reuben goes to an art gallery with his friend, Sandy Lyle (Philip Seymour Hoffman), where he runs into former junior high school classmate Polly Prince (Jennifer Aniston). Reuben and Polly begin dating, with her introducing him to activities he once wrote off as too risky. This included eating at a Moroccan restaurant which ends badly due to Reubens IBS(Irritable bowel syndrome). Luckily, Polly gives him a second chance where they end up salsa dancing and later enthusiastically having sex together, with Reuben shouting 50 as he orgasms. The contrast between their two personalities is a source of comedy throughout the film until Lisa returns and tells him she wants to reconcile their relationship. Meanwhile, Sandy, a self-centered, former teen idol, is trying to make a comeback by having a documentary filmed about his starring role as Judas in an amateur production of Jesus Christ Superstar. Reuben is torn between the free-spirited Polly and the safe and familiar Lisa. To solve this issue, he enters information about Polly and Lisa into a computer insurance program which measures risk. The computer tells him that, despite his numerous blunders with her, Polly is the least risky choice for Reuben. Polly joins Reuben on a sailing trip where he is to inspect Leland Van Lew (Bryan Brown), a high-risk client, but she is offended when she sees his risk analysis of her. She rejects his proposal to move in together, telling him that he would be better off going back to Lisa. Back home, Reuben tries talking to Polly, but to no avail. He eventually invites Lisa to Sandy's opening show, where he learns that Polly is leaving New York for Cincinnati in a few hours. After a speech given by his father, Irving (Bob Dishy), to Sandy about not living in the past, Reuben realizes he wants to be with Polly and not Lisa, and he rushes to her apartment to stop her from leaving. Polly is not convinced she should stay with him, so Reuben eats food off the ground to prove he is capable of taking risks. Reuben and Polly vacation on the same beach where Lisa and he had their honeymoon. Reuben again encounters Claude, but instead of being angry, he thanks Claude before heading into the water with Polly to join Van Lew on his new boat.
The Best Movie	Russian	comedy	Kirill Kuzin	Vadik Volnov (Garik Kharlamov) dies on his own wedding of cannabis overdose and has to prove to God that he is worthy to enter Heaven. During his conversation with God's secretary, Vadik recalls numerous memorable moments of his earthly existence, such as getting drunk on cognac on his 8th birthday, service in the Soviet Army in Afghanistan, bandit showdowns in crime-ridden 1990s Russia, and, finally, meeting the love of his life.
Senior Mandrake	Malayalam	comedy	Ali Akbar	Senior Mandrake is the sequel to the film Junior Mandrake. Kuttan (Jagathy Sreekumar) has become enviably rich, and has disposed of the ill-fated statue. But soon it finds its way back to the money lender's doorstep. Without any further delay, the world starts crumbling around him, and he frantically scurries around to hand it over to some unfortunate soul.
John Tucker Must Die	American	comedy	Betty Thomas	The movie begins with Kate discussing her mother Lori's series of bad relationships which always caues them to move to a new town. She and her mother move to a suburb of Portland, Oregon and Kate gets a job as a waitress. While at work, she sees popular local boy John Tucker on dates with three different girls: Carrie, a chronic overachiever; Heather, who is head cheerleader; and Beth a promiscuous and liberal vegan activist. Kate learns from a co-worker that he dates girls from different cliques at his school so that they never interact and convinces the girls he dates to keep their relationships secret. One day in gym class, Kate, Carrie, Heather and Beth end up on the same team for a volleyball game. During the game, Carrie brags about being with John Tucker, and the girls learn about his scheme. Carrie, Heather and Beth begin fighting. Kate tries to intervene, only to get all four of them sent to detention for the fight. Later that evening, the girls enlist Kate's help in seeking revenge against John Tucker. Meanwhile, Kate becomes friends with John's brother Scott, better known as The Other Tucker. The girls' initial attempts to undo John (making people believe he has genital herpes and with Heather undermining his confidence by pranking him with estrogen, causing him to become weak and say strange things about himself) initially work in humiliating John, but eventually backfire as John manages to use them to his advantage. After he breaks up with all three girls, they agree that breaking his heart is the ideal revenge. They then enlist Kate to be the heartbreaker. Kate joins the cheerleading team in order to get John's attention, and the girls give her advice on how to act around John and spy on the dates using surveillance equipment. Kate also gets a make over and John immediately notices Kate and tries to win her attention, but Kate dismisses him. With his ego insulted that there is a girl he cannot charm, John becomes determined to get her. Kate and John eventually go on a series of dates, the first of which is a bonfire at the beach. Kate is unprepared after John asks to take her home and Beth intervenes to teach her how to kiss. However, John arrives, forcing Beth to hide in the back of his Land Rover. At her house, Kate manages to buy Beth time to escape by kissing John, with Beth's skirt being ruined in the process after getting it caught in the car's door. The plan seems to be working as John relentlessly chases after Kate, even going to her house in the middle of the night while talking to her on the phone at the same time. (Kate tells him that she needs to call the police because there is a stalker outside the house, and John drives away in panic, hitting a trash can.) The next date is a romantic boat ride, and Kate and John have a good time together. Beth later notices that Kate is starting to fall for John. To counteract this, Carrie tapes John bragging to his friends in the locker room, saying he'll be scoring more than baskets at the away game, and shows the tape to Kate in order to get her to snap out of it. The girls try another plan to embarrass John Tucker at a hotel on the night of the away game. Kate seduces John on a video-chat and tells him to put on a woman's thong and climb out of his room and into hers. He is misled and climbs into a teacher's room and ultimately becomes the laughingstock of the school. John again uses this to his advantage, starting a fashion trend that helps the boys in the basketball team play better. Meanwhile, Kate's mother and Scott both discover the plan and lament the change in Kate's behavior. Afterward, Kate tells John that she heard about what he said in the locker room about her. John makes amends by giving her his watch and asking her to be his girlfriend. Kate tells Heather, Carrie and Beth that she wants to be out of the plan, as whether they are dating or plotting to destroy John Tucker, it is still all about him. At John's birthday party, the tape the girls made of John's destruction is played, and Kate reveals the entire plot as John stares in disbelief, seemingly hurt. Heather, Beth, and Carrie defend her after a guest throws his drink at Kate. Still, John Tucker becomes unfazed, and the party devolves into a cake fight. A few days later, John and Kate agree to be friends, and John resolves to be honest. Scott, happy that Kate confessed, becomes her lab partner again, and it is hinted the two will begin dating. Kate is now good friends with Beth, Carrie, and Heather. Kate finishes saying, as for the girl who made John Tucker fall in love, well, she's a legend. After the credits, Kate warns viewers at home wanting to try this that destroying a man has consequences, and the camera pans to several male teachers bending over to grab some papers, all wearing thongs.
Sailors Three	British	comedy	Walter Forde	During the Second World War, three Royal Navy sailors on a drunken spree in a Brazilian neutral port mistake a German ship for their own and climb aboard. It turns out to be a pocket battleship, the Ludendorff, and to the credit of the Royal Navy, the trio manages to capture the ship and all the Germans on board.[4][5]
Come Look at Me	Russian	comedy	Mikhail Agranovich, Oleg Yankovskiy	Tatiana, a middle-aged woman, lives with her sick mother Sofia Ivanovna, who has been unable to walk for the last ten years and is very worried that her daughter becomes an old maid. The mother imagines that this is purely her fault - being the desire to keep Tatiana beside her. A week before the New Year, Sofia Ivanovna declares that she will soon die and she would like to leave with the assurance that her daughter is happy. The light goes out in the apartment and there is a knock at the door. On the threshold there is an unfamiliar man with a bouquet of roses and champagne. It turns out that he was ready for a date with his young lover and has mistaken the house. Tatiana comes up with the idea to present this man as her fiancé. He, not wanting to make a scandal with the elderly woman, decides to play along with Tatiana. Calling his sweetheart, he lies that he is late at work, forgetting that she has caller ID. When the girl calls back, she creates a scandal. Igor leaves. Trying to break out of her deception, Tatiana persuades a saleswoman from the vegetable aisle to play the role of a suddenly found daughter, whom she allegedly disowned at the maternity hospital. This scene occurs in front of Igor, who decided to continue his casual acquaintance. Evening of the New Year. Mother insists that Tatiana spend the holiday with Igor, and she leaves for the winter city almost to nowhere. In the street there is an unexpected meeting with the daughter who is dressed up as Santa Claus on crutches. Together they come home, where they find Sofia Ivanovna, who has risen to her feet. In tune with the striking chimes and clad in the suit of yet another Santa Claus, Igor appears on the landing and proposes to Tatiana.
Surviving Christmas	American	comedy	Mike Mitchell	Drew Latham is a wealthy advertising executive. Just before Christmas, he surprises his girlfriend Missy with first class tickets to Fiji. She is horrified that he would want to spend Christmas away from his family. Citing the fact that Drew has never even introduced her to his family, she concludes that he will never get serious about their relationship and dumps him. Drew has his assistant send her a Cartier bracelet to apologize. Desperate not to spend Christmas alone, Drew calls all of his contacts to find a place to stay on Christmas, but he is not close enough to anyone to be invited. He tracks down Missy's therapist, Dr. Freeman, at the airport, hoping to squeeze in a therapy session. The hurried doctor tells him to list all of his grievances and then burn them at his childhood home. The house is now occupied by the Valcos, who wonder what Drew is doing on their front lawn. When he sets his grievances on fire, Tom Valco sneaks up behind him and knocks him out with a shovel. After he comes to, Drew explains what he was doing and asks for a tour of the house. Thrilled to see his old room, Drew impetuously offers Tom $250,000 to let him spend Christmas with the Valcos. Tom accepts, and Drew's lawyer draws up a contract that requires the Valcos to pose as his family. The next day, Drew forces the family to go out and buy a tree together, requiring Tom to wear a Santa cap in public. While they are trimming the tree, the eldest child Alicia arrives for the holidays and is stunned by Drew's presence. He suggests that she could portray the maid, since she was an unexpected addition to the scenario. At dinner, Drew writes a script for the family to read at the table. He hires a local actor to play the part of his grandfather, whom he calls Doo-Dah. Drew takes Alicia and her brother Brian sledding the next day. After crashing at the bottom of a hill, he moves in to kiss Alicia, who sneezes instead. Recovering back home from their growing colds, Alicia shares a childhood memory with Drew about an old tree that was coated in ice during a storm. Tom asks Drew to leave because he was planning on divorcing his wife Christine. Instead, Drew encourages the couple to indulge themselves. Tom buys a Chevelle SS, which he had when he was in high school, and Christine goes to a photographer for some glamour shots. One evening, Drew takes Alicia to the old tree of her childhood, which he has had covered in ice again. She is touched by the gesture, but Drew overdoes it, bringing in a full pageant production to surround the tree. Disgusted by his lack of restraint, Alicia demands that he leave. Meanwhile, Missy was won over by the bracelet, and when Drew's assistant informed her that he was spending Christmas with his family, Missy visits the Valcos' house with her parents. Drew promises the Valcos an extra $75,000 if they will play along for the evening, and they agree to pretend to be his family. The visit between the two families steadily descends into chaos, culminating with everyone seeing Christine's glamour shots manipulated into pornography on Brian's computer. Missy's parents storm out, and Drew informs her that their relationship is over. Alicia finally draws out of Drew the truth about his family. His father left them when he was just four, and every Christmas, his mother would work a double shift at the diner to make extra money. He would spend Christmas Day alone and visit his mom at the end of the night, and she would give him an adult stack of pancakes. He repeated the ritual every year until he was 18, and he has never been in a diner since. His mother died when he was in college. Drew returns to his apartment to spend Christmas alone. Tom visits him to collect his money, and the two decide to go watch the actor who played Doo-Dah perform in the local production of A Christmas Carol. At the play, Tom and Christine decide not to divorce. Drew and Alicia make up outside the theater, and the film closes with everyone eating in the diner where Drew's mother worked.
Eyyvah Eyvah 2	Turkish	comedy	Hakan Algül	Hüseyin (Ata Demirer), a clarinetist from a village in Turkey's Thracian region, tries to reach his fiance, who works as a nurse in a village near Çanakkale, to give her a ring to win back her heart.
All for Mary	British	comedy	Wendy Toye	Filmed on location in Switzerland the story concerns two young bachelors taking separate skiing holidays at the same resort. Clive Morton (Nigel Patrick) and Humpy Miller (David Tomlinson) have nothing whatsoever in common—except for one thing, both men fall for the hotel proprietor's daughter Mary (Jill Day). As the story progresses Clive, a debonair soldier and sportsman gets quickly into his stride as poor Humpy a clumsy, incongruous fellow looks on dumbly. However, Humpy has a secret weapon, Miss Cartwright (Kathleen Harrison) his former nanny who arrives just as the pair are quarantined in the hotel attic after contracting measles. Quickly realising Humpy's predicament she skillfully arranges for the removal of the opposition, leaving the way clear for Humpy.
Management	American	comedy	Stephen Belber	Mike Flux (Steve Zahn) works at his parents' motel as the night manager. One day he sees Sue (Jennifer Aniston), who is staying at the motel for the weekend. He develops a crush on her and surprises her at her door with a bottle of wine. She doesn't quite know what to make of his approach, shares some wine to be polite, then asks him to leave. He returns the next day, trying the same trick with champagne, and this time she allows him to touch her butt momentarily. As she heads back home the next day she decides to go back and have sex with Mike in the laundry room. Mike realizes his feelings for Sue and flies to her home in Baltimore. She's shocked to see him there, but out of courtesy allows him to stay with her until morning when he can go back home. After spending some time together they get to know each other better as friends, and soon after Mike returns home, Sue stays at the motel again. They decide to go out and have fun. Mike's mother (Margo Martindale) is very sick, and the two stop by her home to see her. She approves of Sue, and tells Mike that he needs to find happiness in his life. Soon after Sue leaves, Mike's mother passes away. Mike decides to make a change in his life and go after Sue once again. Mike learns that Sue has gotten back together with her old boyfriend, Jango (Woody Harrelson), a former punk rocker turned successful businessman in Aberdeen, WA. Mike settles into the new town by taking a job at a Chinese restaurant. The son of the owners, Al (James Hiroyuki Liao), befriends him and allows Mike to stay in the restaurant's basement. Mike skydives into Sue and Jango's pool to surprise her, but Jango responds by attacking him with an airsoft gun. Feeling bad about what he did, Jango invites Mike and Al over for dinner. Jango knows Mike has feelings towards Sue and threatens him. Regardless of the threat, Mike, with help from Al, sings a song for Sue outside her window later that night. Sue meets up with Mike the next day, informing him, that she and Jango are getting married. Sue is pregnant, and she wants to be with someone that's in control of his life. In anger after everything he worked for to be with her, Mike tells Sue to leave. After spending four months in a Buddhist monastery, Mike returns to the motel, now being run solely by his father (Fred Ward). After talking about moving on with their lives, Mike's father hands him the deed to the motel. Mike decides to turn the motel into a homeless shelter, something Sue had mentioned always wanting to do. Mike calls her at home to tell her, but Jango answers the phone. He reveals that Sue has left him and is living with her mother. Mike makes his way to Sue's home to ask her for help with the shelter. She's happy to see him and tells him that she had messed up their relationship. Mike tells her he loves her and only wants to take care of her and her baby. The story ends as they embrace.
Hue and Cry	British	comedy	Charles Crichton	Following church choir in 1946 East London, Joe Kirby (Harry Fowler) reads aloud to his gang (The Blood and Thunder Boys) from the Trump boys' comic, but finds a page missing. He then buys a copy so he can follow the adventures of fictional detective Selwyn Pike. While reading one part of the latest story, Joe finds the comic adventure being repeated exactly in real life when he comes across two men carrying a crate (Joe thinks they contain corpses) into Mr Jago’s fur shop. Even the truck number plate - GZ 4216 - matches the comic. Joe gets a friend to distract Jago so he can search the crates. Jago catches Joe and calls the police but he does not press charges. A policeman, Inspector Ford, tells Joe to stop letting his imagination run wild. Ford sends Joe to meet a Covent Garden grocer, Nightingale (Jack Warner), for a job. Nightingale likes Joe's stories. Later, in a hideout in a bombed-out building, Joe friends tease him about the incident, until another boy says he saw a truck with GZ 4216 plate that morning. Joe says he thinks criminals are planning jobs via the Trump. To find out more they visit the comic’s writer, Felix Wilkinson (Alastair Sim). Joe and Alec find Wilkinson’s house, find out the comic's editions are being manipulated and tell Wilkinson. He sees the criminals are using the codes from the comic to communicate their plans but, fearful of the gang, Wilkinson refuses to aid the boys. Joe tells the police but nobody listens so he visits the offices of the Trump. Here Joe meets Norman and together they work out the code from the next issue - 'Tattoo Jack's’ plan to rob an Oxford Street department store. At the store, Joe’s gang think they have overpowered the thieves but it is really the police, who have been tipped off anonymously. The kids scarper down a manhole. Norman then tells the kids about Rhona Davis (Valerie White) who also works at the Trump. After following her home, the boys tie her up. Joe then telephones Nightingale, who then rescues Miss Davis. One of Joe’s gang gets in the villain's car unnoticed and hears that stolen goods are being moved to Ballard's Wharf but without seeing that it is Nightingale. Joe then gets Wilkinson to create a Trump story that sends all the criminals to Ballard’s Wharf. Next day, Joe tells Nightingale the whole plan, but then realises he is the mastermind as his car number plate matches. Nightingale and Miss Davis review the latest Trump story and are amused at Joe’s attempt to capture them, that is until Nightingale realises Joe has caught him out by sending the crooks to Nightingale's own warehouse. Joe goes to the warehouse and find the stolen furs but is disturbed by Nightingale. However, when the other crooks arrive, Nightingale doesn’t know the password as he never finished the latest comic story. He’s knocked unconscious by the crooks. Heading for Ballard's Wharf, the crooks are outnumbered by hundreds of boys who capture them. Nightingale tries to flee in a van, but Joe leaps aboard and causes it to crash. Nightingale runs into a bombed out building and after a fight with Joe, Nightingale falls through one of the many holes in the floor. Now sprawled out below, Joe jumps onto Nightingale, winding him completely just as the police arrive. The final scene returns to the same church choir session as at the film's beginning, but with many of the boys now sporting black eyes and bandages, war-wounds from their recent adventures.
The Rest Cure	British	comedy	A.E. Coleby	Two petty criminals are pursued by a gangster from the U.S.A. to Paris, France, where they enlist into the French Foreign Legion to escape. After being drafted to a garrison in North Africa, they fall foul of military authority and are sent to a sadistic punishment camp, where they lead an insurrection against its commanding officer, and then help to defeat a native Mohammedan revolt.
Almost a Honeymoon	British	comedy	Monty Banks	An ambitious young man secures a job in the colonial service, the only stipulation being that he needs to be married which he isn't. He has just twenty four hours to find a woman to persuade to marry him.
Baat Ban Gayi	Bollywood	comedy	Shuja Ali	A successful author (Ali Fazal) pretends to be a geek in order to impress his girlfriend's (Anisa) brother (Gulshan Grover), because he expects his brother-in-law to be intelligent. While the hero is almost on the verge of winning over his girl's bhaiya, his rowdie lookalike shows up, adding to the drama. That's not all. Even the bhaiya has a lookalike which doubles the drama and confusion.
Never Weaken	American	comedy	Fred Newmeyer, Sam Taylor	Harold works in an office on a tall building next to his girlfriend Mildred (Mildred Davis). He assumes they will be married, but overhears her talking to a man who says to her, Of course I will marry you. Distraught, he decides to commit suicide, blindfolding himself and setting up a gun which will fire when he pulls a string attached to the trigger. But after putting on the blindfold he accidentally knocks over a bulb which pops, and he assumes he has shot himself. At that moment, a girder from the next door construction site swings into his office, lifting him and his chair outside. Pulling off the blindfold, the first thing he sees is a sculpture high on his building which he takes to be an angel, and he assumes he is in Heaven. However a jazz band on an adjacent rooftop garden soon disabuses him of that notion, and he realises he is high above the city. After several perilous escapades high on the construction site, he finally makes it to the ground, only to realise that the man Mildred was talking to was her clergyman brother, who has agreed to officiate at their wedding.
The Oracle	British	comedy	C.M. Pennington-Richards	Timothy Blake (Michael Medwin), a British reporter holidaying in Ireland, visits a remote village where he hears a man's voice coming from the bottom of a well. The voice turns out to be a modern-day Oracle, or fortune teller, whose predictions prove uncannily accurate. Bob is determined to get a story out of this, but his editor is less enthusiastic and promptly fires him. The new found publicity though, means the once-sleepy Irish village is now invaded with curiosity seekers, and those seeking the horse racing results.
Elizabethtown	American	comedy	Cameron Crowe	Drew Baylor is a designer for a shoe company. When his latest design, hyped to be a great accomplishment in his life, has a flaw that will cost the company $972 million to correct, Drew is shamed by his boss before he is dismissed. Disappointed in his failure, and the subsequent breakup with his girlfriend Ellen, he plans to commit suicide, only to be stopped at the last moment by a call from his sister Heather telling him that his father died while visiting family in Elizabethtown, Kentucky. When his mother Hollie refuses to go, following a dispute between her and the rest of the Kentucky Baylors, Drew volunteers to retrieve the body. On the flight to Kentucky, Drew meets Claire, an optimistic and kind flight attendant who gives him a seat in first class, due to the plane being empty. She proves helpful to a despondent Drew, giving him directions and tips on getting to his destination before they part. When he gets to Elizabethtown, Drew is met by the family, and he makes arrangements for a cremation at his mother's request, despite the family's objections. While staying at a hotel, where a wedding reception is being held, Drew calls his mother and sister, then his ex-girlfriend as he continues to struggle with his suicidal thoughts. Finally, he calls Claire, and the two of them talk for hours. She impulsively suggests they meet before she has to depart on a flight to Hawaii. Drew comes to grips with his father's death, and while he is visiting his Aunt Dora, his uncle Bill remarks on how his father would look in the suit. Drew realizes that he hadn't given the suit to the mortuary to be cremated, and has second thoughts on the procedure. He rushes out to stop the cremation but is too late and is given his father's ashes. Claire returns from her flight and unexpectedly meets him at his hotel. They sleep together, but when she tells him she loves him, he responds with regret that he failed at his life, admitting he was contemplating suicide. Claire leaves upset that Drew had not responded in kind. Hollie and Heather arrive for the service, and Hollie tells a series of amusing anecdotes with her eulogy. Claire arrives, and tells Drew to take one final trip with his father, giving him a map with special stops to make along the way. Drew follows the map home, spreading his father's ashes at memorable sites until reaching a farmer's market, where a series of notes gives him a choice; to either follow the map home, or follow new direction. He chooses the latter, where Claire is waiting for him. The two kiss and Drew finally realizes he loves her.
Penny Points to Paradise	British	comedy	Tony Young	Secombe plays the part of Harry Flakers, a man who has a big win on the football pools. He and his friend Spike Donnelly (Milligan) decide to go to the same shabby seaside boarding house that they have always patronised for their summer holiday, but this year all the other guests (including two young women out to marry money, a dodgy investment advisor and a master forger and assistant) are intent on taking the fortune off them in one way or another. Ultimately the forgers manage to substitute fake five-pound notes for the real ones that Flakers keeps in his suitcase, but before they can abscond with the money one of the girls is given cash by Flakers to buy some cigarettes, and accused of passing false currency when the forgery is detected. A grand chase follows with half the characters pursuing the other half through a waxwork museum in which the true crooks have taken refuge. Justice is served when the chief forger boasts of his crime in front of what he thinks are two waxwork policemen, but who turn out to be real members of the force. In the final scenes Harry and Spike get married to the two women. There are sequences featuring a night out at the theatre where a stage hypnotist mesmerises Flakers and the girl Christine into performing an operatic duet, he singing soprano and she baritone, and a scene in which Harry Secombe wordlessly mimes out an entire heart operation being carried out by a nervous surgeon.
Live Free or Die	American	comedy	Gregg Kavet, Andy Robin	A clueless, aspiring criminal named John Rugged Rudgate (Stanford) spends his days forging rebate coupons and selling speakers out the back of his van. One day, Rugged runs into an old acquaintance, the dim-witted Jeff Lagrand (Schneider), who recently returned home to help his cynical sister run the storage facility that they inherited from their father. When Rugged tries to force his way into the Lagrand family business, things go terribly wrong—and the situation gets even more complicated when an emotionally unstable cop begins investigating.
The Battle of the Sexes	British	comedy	Charles Crichton	A timid accountant in a Scottish Tweed weaving company (Sellers) cleverly bests the brash modern American efficiency expert (Cummings) whose ideas threaten his way of life. The film opens with Martin (Sellers) in Edinburgh buying whisky and cigarettes on the Royal Mile. We then see him at work as a head accountant in a very old-fashioned firm in the New Town. The Justerini & Brooks premises in George Street serves as their shop in the film. Martin is called to the death-bed of the owner, old MacPherson, at Moray Place. He is offered a whisky and declines. Old MacPherson drinks both and promptly dies. The new owner of the Tweed company, played by Robert Morley, is enamoured of a zealous American woman who is an efficiency expert and who wants to turn her hand to revolutionise the very traditional company. She insists on visiting the factory on the island, only to discover the task is done by old couples, on crofts where they spin the wool. She plans to replace the 700 weavers, dotted across the islands, with a single large factory. Whilst being driven through the city she even says the company should change to synthetic fibres, causing the chauffeur to drive into the back of a brewer's dray in the Grassmarket. Martin watches a Sherlock Holmes film at the cinema and is inspired to kill Mrs Barrows. As he is a non-smoker and a non-drinker, he decides he should mislead any future investigation by smoking and drinking at the scene of the planned crime. He buys a half-bottle of whisky and packet of Capstan cigarettes. In her flat though, after a series of botched attempts his conscience gets the better of him and he cannot kill her. He tries to remove all evidence when Mr MacPherson appears suddenly, and manages to avoid detection. Back in the office MacPherson interrogates Martin and finds his denial more plausible than Mrs Barrows's claims. She cannot take any more, accusing them all of being mad, and she leaves for good. Thus Mr Martin wins his battle of the sexes. However, seeing her crying at the station he is moved to buy her a flower. He may have won the battle, but he hasn't won the war.
Too Many Crooks	British	comedy	Mario Zampi	The members of a gang, especially Sid, grow impatient as their incompetent leader, Fingers, botches the robbery of a fur store, the latest in a series of disasters. Fingers then comes up with the idea of robbing businessman William Gordon. Gordon bluffs them into believing the police are on their way. Fingers refuses to give up, plotting to kidnap Gordon's daughter. However, he errs yet again and ends up with Gordon's meek wife Lucy instead. Thinking she will do just as well, Fingers demands £25,000 ransom for her safe return. To his surprise, Gordon gleefully refuses. The philanderer has been carrying on an affair with his secretary and would like nothing better than to be rid of his dowdy wife. Fingers desperately lowers his price over and over again, finally offering to give her back for a mere £200, but is turned down. When Lucy learns of this, her love for her husband is extinguished. She decides to get revenge and soon takes charge of the gang (her wartime training in unarmed combat coming in handy). Knowing of Gordon's tax dispute with the Inland Revenue and his distrust of banks, she figures out where he has hidden much of his money. She leads the gangsters in stealing the cash and, for good measure, the furs and jewelry Gordon had lavished on his mistress, taking half of the proceeds for her share. On leaving Gordon's house through the bedroom window a lit cigarette is left, which unintentionally burns the house down. Gordon returns and, thinking his money is burning, repeatedly jumps into the burning building. By coincidence, the next day, the newspapers report a gruesome murder, just like the one Fingers had threatened. Gordon jumps to the wrong conclusion, and Lucy makes him pay some more for his mistake. She has Sid and Fingers impersonate policemen investigating her disappearance. Fingers extorts most of the rest of Gordon's ready cash in exchange for letting the matter drop. When a real Scotland Yard inspector shows up soon after, Gordon loses his temper and raises suspicions of murder. Desperate, he decides to flee the country. Fingers' ex-stripper girlfriend offers to provide a forged passport. He agrees to meet her later, after visiting his mother. Lucy guesses that he is going there to pick up a final stash of money. The gang show up and find him with a suitcase. When the police come to question Gordon further, Fingers takes the suitcase (containing £50,000) and leaves, Gordon being too afraid to raise a fuss. Then Lucy walks in on her now-penniless husband. Fingers and his gang decide to keep all of this last windfall and not split it with Lucy, but as they drive away, the suitcase pops open unnoticed and the money is scattered on the road.
DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story	American	comedy	Rawson Marshall Thurber	Peter LaFleur is the owner of Average Joe's Gymnasium, a small gym with only a few members. When he defaults on the gym's mortgage, it is purchased by his rival, the arrogant White Goodman, a fitness guru and owner of the Globo Gym across the street. Unless Peter can raise $50,000 in thirty days, White will foreclose on Average Joe's and demolish it to build a parking garage. Attorney Katherine Kate Veatch is working on the transaction for White. White unsuccessfully attempts to seduce her; she is repulsed but just says she does not date clients. She develops a close friendship with Peter. Average Joe's employees Dwight and Owen and members Steve the Pirate, Justin, and Gordon try to raise the money needed to save the gym. Gordon suggests that they enter a dodgeball tournament in Las Vegas with a $50,000 prize. They form a team with Peter and watch a 1950s-era training video narrated by dodgeball legend Patches O'Houlihan and a 12-year old boy named Timmy. They are soundly defeated by a Girl Scout troop in a local qualifying match but win by default when the Scouts are disqualified because of one member's steroid and beaver tranquilizer use. White spies on Average Joe's using a hidden camera in a cardboard cutout of himself, and forms his own dodgeball team to defeat them. Peter is approached by the aging, wheelchair-bound Patches, who volunteers to coach the team. Patches's training regimen includes throwing wrenches at the team, forcing them to dodge oncoming cars, and constantly berating them with insults. Kate demonstrates skill at the game but declines to join the team as it would be a conflict of interest. Then White arranges for Kate to be fired from her law firm, imagining she will now date him. Enraged, but now free of conflict, she joins the Average Joe's team. At the tournament in Las Vegas, Average Joe's suffers early setbacks but manages to advance to the final round against Globo Gym. The night before the match, Patches is killed by a falling sign. Peter expresses his anxiety that the team will lose and tells Steve that he is not a pirate, causing Steve to leave the team. Returning to his room, Peter encounters White, who offers him $100,000 for the deed to Average Joe's. The day of the final round, Justin leaves to help his classmate Amber with a cheerleading competition, leaving the team without enough members to compete. Peter has a chance encounter with Lance Armstrong, who talks him into rejoining his team. But he and Justin return too late; Average Joe's has already forfeited the match. Gordon finds a loophole in the rules: a majority of the judges can overturn the forfeiture. Chuck Norris casts the tie-breaking vote allowing the team to play. After an intense game, Peter and White face off in a sudden-death match to determine the winner. Inspired by a vision of Patches, Peter blindfolds himself and is able to dodge White's throw and strike him, winning the championship and the prize money. White declares the victory meaningless, revealing that Peter agreed to sell Average Joe's to him the previous night, but Peter reveals that he used White's $100,000 to bet on Average Joe's to win; with the odds against them at 50 to 1, he collects $5 million. Because Globo Gym is a public company, he purchases a controlling interest in it, thus regaining Average Joe's, and fires White. Steve, now with a more normal appearance, returns to the group after Peter apologizes to him, only to return to his pirate persona. Peter is shocked when a girlfriend of Kate's kisses her passionately, but Kate then reveals that she is bisexual and kisses Peter as well. Justin finds romance with Amber, while Owen begins dating Fran from the Globo Gym team. Peter opens youth dodgeball classes at a newly renovated Average Joe's. White returns to morbid obesity.
Lord of the Manor	British	comedy	Henry Edwards	During a party at a country house, a number of the guests switch their romantic partners.
Over the Moon	British	comedy	Thornton Freeland	Jane Benson (Merle Oberon) is a lowly Yorkshire girl who lives simply, caring for her elderly, ailing uncle and not wishing for anything more. She does take a fancy, however, to the local doctor, Freddie Jarvis (Rex Harrison), and she persuades him to marry her. Soon she finds she has inherited eighteen million pounds and wants to travel across Europe with Freddie Jarvis; however he wants to stay as he is dedicated to his patients.[1] So she leaves for Europe without him and is followed by suitors who are not necessarily interested in her personality. Meanwhile, back in Yorkshire, Dr Jarvis becomes notorious as the man who turned down £18 million and the infamy seriously affects his ability for serious research.[2]
50 First Dates	American	comedy	Peter Segal	Henry Roth is a veterinarian at Sea Life Park on the island of Oahu, Hawaii. He has a reputation of womanizing female tourists and does not display any interest in committing to a serious relationship. Henry's closest friends are Ula, a marijuana-smoking Islander; his assistant Alexa, whose gender is unclear; Willy, his pet African penguin; and Jocko, a walrus. One day Henry’s boat breaks down while he is sailing around Oahu. He goes to the Hukilau Café to wait for the Coast Guard. There he sees a young woman named Lucy Whitmore, who makes architectural art with her waffles. Henry thinks she is a local, which prevents him from introducing himself, but the next day he comes back. Lucy and he hit it off instantly and she asks him to meet her again tomorrow morning. However, when Henry goes back to the café the following day, Lucy does not have any recollection of ever meeting him. The restaurant owner Sue explains to Henry that the year before, Lucy and her father Marlin went up to the North Shore to pick a pineapple for his birthday. On the way back, they had a serious car accident that left Lucy with anterograde amnesia and she wakes up every morning thinking it is Sunday, October 13, of last year. To spare Lucy the heartbreak of reliving the accident every day, Marlin and Doug, Lucy's lisping steroid-addicted brother, re-enact Marlin's birthday by following a script, including putting out the Sunday newspaper, refilling Lucy's shampoo bottles, re-watching the same Minnesota Vikings game, and re-watching the movie The Sixth Sense where Marlin and Doug halfheartedly say, Wow. Didn't see that coming, during the famous plot-twist. Despite Sue's warning, Henry invites Lucy to have breakfast with him. Eventually she does, but it ends poorly when Henry unintentionally hurts Lucy’s feelings. He follows her home to apologize where Marlin and Doug instruct Henry to leave Lucy alone. Henry begins concocting ways to run into Lucy on the following days, such as pretending to have car trouble, creating a fake road block, or by having Ula beat him up. Eventually, Marlin and Doug figure this out due to Lucy singing The Beach Boys' Wouldn't It Be Nice on the days when she meets Henry. One day, as Henry is about to sit with Lucy at breakfast, she notices a police officer writing her a ticket for her expired plates. Lucy attempts to argue that they are not yet expired, and takes a newspaper to prove herself, but sees that the date on all the newspapers is not October 13 as she thought. Lucy rushes home, and Marlin and Doug are forced to admit their ruse when she confronts them (and presumably not for the first time; when Marlin sees Lucy's frantic behavior as her truck pulls up to the house, he immediately realizes what happened and loudly announces to Doug that Lucy had a bad day). Henry comes up with an idea to make a video explaining to Lucy her accident and their relationship. Although Lucy is upset over understanding about her accident and memory loss, Henry believes that she is more upset realizing her life is a lie every day. Because of this, Henry, Marlin and Doug show Lucy the tape every morning and help her spend her days by picking up where the tape says she left off. She spends more time with Henry and goes to see some of her old friends. Lucy decides to erase Henry completely from her life after learning of his decision not to take a sailing trip to Bristol Bay to study walruses, something he has been planning for the past 10 years. Although Henry would rather spend that year making Lucy fall in love with him every day rather than go on the sailing trip, Lucy is convinced she is a burden on him and is preventing Henry from really living his life. Henry reluctantly helps Lucy destroy her journal entries of their relationship. A few weeks later, Henry is preparing to leave for his sailing trip. Before he departs, Marlin tells him that Lucy is now living at the brain institute and teaching an art class. He also tells him that she sings. Then he gives Henry a Beach Boys CD. Listening to the CD, Henry becomes emotional and curses Marlin for giving him the CD and causing him to miss Lucy. He then remembers that Marlin once told him that Lucy only sings after she meets him. Concluding that Lucy remembers him, he returns home. Henry rushes to the brain institute where Lucy now resides and asks if she knows who he is. Lucy says she does not know him but shows him the pictures she has painted of him, saying she dreams about him every night. Some time later, Lucy wakes up and plays a video tape marked Good Morning Lucy. It again informs her of her accident, but ends with her and Henry’s wedding. On the tape, Henry says to put a jacket on and come have breakfast when she is ready. Lucy then sees that she is on Henry’s boat, which finally made it to Alaska. She goes up on deck and meets Marlin, Henry and their daughter, Nicole.
Little Miss Nobody	British	comedy	Wilfred Noy	The caretaker of a Scottish castle tries to trick his aunt into believing that some of the guests are aristocrats.
Meet the Browns	American	comedy	Tyler Perry	In Chicago, Brenda Brown-Davis (Angela Bassett) is a struggling single mother of three (Mike Jr, Lena, and Tosha). One day she receives a letter stating that her father, whom she has never met, has died. On the same day, the plant where she and her friend Sheryl (Sofia Vergara) work closes so she loses her job which adds to her existing financial difficulties. As they discuss how they will get by, Brenda is approached by Miss Mildred, the woman who watches Brenda's youngest child in her home daycare center. Miss Mildred is upset that Brenda has not been paying for daycare and states that she will no longer watch Tosha. Later, they all go to Mike Jr's school basketball game where he is a star. A scout, Harry (Rick Fox), takes notice of Mike Jr and comes to his house to speak to him about his future and ends up asking Brenda out. Brenda has no interest in hearing about the possibility of going pro and walks away. She takes her daughter to Miss Mildred and begs for her to watch the girl so she can go get money from her ex and pay the woman back. Miss Mildred relents and Brenda and Sheryl go to the construction site where Mike Sr. works. It is revelaed that Brenda has never received any assistance from her ex and he again refuses to provide any financial support. Brenda decides to take her children to Georgia to attend her father's funeral. She is met by his other children who were unaware of her existence. As she gets to know her newfound relatives, she is surprised to run into Harry but learns that he lives in the same town and is on good terms with her father's family. At dinner, it is revealed that the eldest son of Pop Brown, LB, was the only one who knew about Brenda. On his deathbed, their father confessed to LB that he had been a pimp in Chicago and that Brenda's mother, his mother, and a number of other friends of their father's that they had known were all his working girls. The family now recognize Brenda as one of their own and offer their support and encouragement. Brenda and her children return to Chicago. Mike Sr. has considered Brenda's words and attempts to take an interest in his son's life but is still not willing to provide much assistance. Mike Jr rejects him and leaves. In an attempt to make money to help his mother's situation, he turns to his friend Calvin who is a drug dealer. Harry sees Mike Jr selling drugs and counsels him. While Harry and Brenda go on a date, Mike Jr tells his friend that he no longer wants to take part in illegal activities and he is shot. This leads to a further breakdown in the relationship between Brenda and her ex. Harry reaches out to the Browns to ask for help in getting her father's old place for her and her kids. They renovate the home and surprise Brenda. Despite this gesture, Brenda's insecurities and family gossip lead to her having doubts about Harry's motives and they split up. A league representative comes to visit Brenda and Mike Jr and offers him a million dollar contract. She finds out that it was Harry who referred Mike Jr to the league. On signing day, Mike Sr. shows up to be photographed with his ex and son but Mike Jr announces to the press that he doesn't know his father and that his mother had raised him without support. Upon leaving, he tells his mother that Harry is a good man and more of a father figure than his actual father had been. Brenda goes to see Harry and they reconcile, ultimately leading to marriage.
Last Vegas	American	comedy	Jon Turteltaub	Billy, Paddy, Archie, and Sam are childhood friends from Flatbush, Brooklyn, New York, who are now living in their senior years. Sam and his wife Miriam are living mundane lives in Naples, Florida. Archie, twice-divorced and recovering from a minor stroke, lives with his overprotective son Ezra and his family in Englewood, New Jersey. Paddy lives alone in his Brooklyn apartment, a curmudgeon in grief since the death of his wife, Sophie, over a year ago. Billy is a successful entrepreneur in Malibu, California, who lives with his 31-year-old girlfriend Lisa. Shortly after proposing to Lisa, Billy finds an old bottle of scotch he and his friends stole in their childhood days and calls Sam and Archie, who immediately propose a bachelor party for Billy in Las Vegas before his wedding that weekend. After being given permission by Miriam to cheat on her, Sam collects Archie and Paddy and fly off to rendezvous with Billy in Vegas. Arriving in Vegas, Billy and Paddy get into a heated argument about Billy's failure to attend Sophie's funeral. They head to Binion's Gambling Hall and Hotel to check in, only to realize that the hotel is closed for renovations. They agree to try the Aria Resort and Casino, where the wedding will be held. Before leaving Binion's they are attracted to the lounge by the singing voice of Diana, who is immediately charmed by their appreciation of her singing. The five share a drink, and they convince Diana to join them at The Aria. While waiting to get rooms, Archie goes to a blackjack table and has a brief altercation with a cocky gambler named Dean. Archie buys chips with $15,000 (half of his pension funds), planning to enjoy his escape from medical worries. When Paddy and Sam return, they find that Archie is up to $102,000, and they quickly leave the table in fear of being accused of card counting. Meanwhile, as Billy tours the wedding chapel with Diana, he becomes charmed with her as she explains to him that she moved to Vegas because she was recently laid off as a tax attorney in Atlanta and always wanted to sing despite being a divorced empty nester. The quartet later become judges of a wild swimsuit competition. They are then confronted by the casino manager, who offers the group his largest penthouse suite for free, in hopes that Archie will stay and spend his winnings at the hotel. They are assigned Lonnie (who is disappointed because the original person staying in the room was going to be 50 Cent) is their host/butler. Billy suggests they open the old bottle of scotch to celebrate the gang's reunion, but Paddy confronts him about his absence from Sophie’s funeral and leaves the suite. That night, the remaining three go to the Aria's popular nightclub, where they accept the bouncer's suggestion that they earn immediate entrance by purchasing $1,800 bottle service, using some of Archie's winnings. There, Billy and Sam talk with the bachelorette and her maid-of-honor from a bachelorette party while Archie goes dancing. Dean comes by and begins groping the bachelorette and is confronted by Archie, Billy and Sam. Dean attempts to throw a punch at Billy but is knocked down by Paddy, who stopped by to give Archie his cell phone due to several missed calls from his son Ezra. The next day, while the others are hungover and recovering, Paddy visits Diana and tells her that he and Billy were both in love with Sophie when they were younger and she picked Paddy. Diana catches his eye while she tries to convince him to stop grieving and move on with life because Sophie would want it. Afterwards, Paddy joins Billy at their pool cabana and admits he needs to move on from Sophie’s passing while also showing concern for Billy about marrying a younger woman. Sam and Archie join in and decide to throw a big bachelor party for Billy in their suite that night. Lonnie brings Dean to the cabana to apologize for his behavior, having convinced him that the quartet are mafia members from the East Coast called “The Flatbush Four.” Dean, fearing for his life, agrees to become their errand boy for the day. With Lonnie and Dean's help, they prepare for the party and invite several people including the bachelorette group from the nightclub, exotic dancers, a band of transvestite entertainers, and cast members of Zarkana. While the others prepare his party, Billy visits Diana. She admits that she is fond of him, and asks if he truly loves Lisa. As they walk along The Strip, Billy tells Diana that Paddy gave Sophie an ultimatum to choose either Billy or him and she secretly chose Billy first, but Billy told Sophie that she was meant to be with Paddy. The bachelor party goes into full force as Paddy gets ready to be social again, finally removing his wedding ring. Sam meets the maid of honor from the night before, who begins flirting with him to his delight. Archie dances with the bachelorette, strippers, transvestites, then gives advice to Dean on how he, too, can meet women properly. Archie is surprised by a worried Ezra, who tracked Archie's cell phone. Archie convinces him to calm down and enjoy this chance for some special father-son time. Sam and the maid of honor head upstairs to be alone, where he encourages and enjoys her seductive ways but eventually turns down sex, realizing that he tells Miriam about all the wonderful things that happen in his life, and telling her about this soon-to-be wonderful moment would devastate her. Paddy tells Billy he invited Diana to the party because he likes her and wants to start anew after Sophie’s passing, but realizes Billy likes her too. When Diana arrives, Billy pushes Paddy into the decorative pool in the suite and takes Diana upstairs to tell her that Paddy likes her and to give him a chance. She states that she feels like she is being treated like Sophie and “gifted” by Billy to Paddy, which Paddy overhears. Paddy is devastated to learn about Sophie's choice and throws the old bottle of scotch in the trash as he leaves the party. The next morning, Paddy confronts Billy at the pool and tells him he does not love Lisa like Paddy loved Sophie and that the wedding must be stopped. As Lisa and her bridesmaids arrive, Paddy pushes Billy into the pool and tells Lisa that Billy is calling off the wedding. Billy and Lisa talk it out and Lisa leaves with her bridesmaids. As the guys pack up to leave, Billy comes to terms with his age and admits his fear of getting old and being alone. They come together as friends again and tell Billy to go see Diana. Billy shows up at the lounge where Diana is singing and reveals his feelings for her. The guys say their goodbyes to Dean and Lonnie and finally decide to crack open the old bottle of scotch for a final toast.. A couple months later, Billy and Diana call Archie and Paddy to announce they are getting married. They try to call Sam but he is unable to answer the phone as he is busy in bed with Miriam.
Pooja... Kiven Aa..???	Punjabi	comedy	Nidhi Sharma	Pooja is a non-resident Indian from the UK. She visits Mumbai to sell her estate; she owns a very large bungalow. When Bhinder, Deep and Jeet head to Mumbai in search of work, they meet Pooja, who employs them as cooks, trainers and cleaners. The trio fall in love with Pooja at first sight. Later on, Jeet and Bhinder lose interest in each other. Pooja's uncle (B.N. Sharma) tries to cheat her out of her property.
Snatched	American	comedy	Jonathan Levine	Recently fired from her job and dumped by her rock musician boyfriend, Emily Middleton is determined to enjoy a previously planned nonrefundable trip to Ecuador. Learning of her relationship status from social media, her mother, Linda, tells her to come home in order to move on, where she reunites with her agoraphobic brother, Jeffrey. Initially refusing, Linda agrees to go on the trip with her daughter. In Ecuador, after they check into the upscale hotel, Emily meets a handsome man named James at the hotel bar, and they begin a relationship. After one night of drinking and dancing with James, Emily and her mother take a sightseeing day trip with him. During their ride, masked men in a white van ram James' Jeep and abduct Emily and Linda. James escapes, but Linda suspects he was in on the kidnapping plot from the start. Emily awakens inside a cell and begins to panic, while Linda calms herself by reading men's magazines. The leader, Hector Morgado, contacts Jeffrey and demands $100,000 in ransom money. Morgado then has his nephew take both women away from the kidnappers' hideout to another location. They manage to escape from their captors' car and stow away into a passing truck, but not before Emily kills the leader's nephew by pounding his head with a shovel. The truck's driver then stops his truck and leaves them both in the middle of the jungle. They find a phone at a nearby bar, where they call the U.S. State Department officer Morgan Russell, saying that they are in peril, and Morgan advises them to go to the US Embassy in Bogota, Colombia. They meet a rugged-looking American named Roger Simmons. He agrees to help them find the consulate. After the three share a meal, Morgado and his men track them down. Morgado is about to kill them both as revenge for his only nephew's death, but Linda distracts him while Emily retrieves a nearby spear gun with which to threaten him. As she retrieves it, she accidentally fires it, killing Morgado's only son. They manage to escape with Simmons onto a boat. That's where they learn he is not an experienced outdoorsman, but a Trader Joe's manager who recently found out he has a month to live due to a cancer diagnosis. His dream is to live like an adventurer. Soon, however, they are forced off the boat when the captain detects another boat nearby that is looking for the two women. Meanwhile, Jeffrey, learning that his mother and sister have been kidnapped, calls Morgan at the State Department, saying he will join forces with the agents in order to find his mother and sister. Morgan reluctantly agrees. In Colombia, Emily, Linda, and Simmons hike through the jungle until Simmons falls to his death from a cliff. Later, Emily passes out from the effects of a tapeworm infestation. After a local village doctor removes the tapeworm from her body, Morgado and his men track them down again. They spot a zip line and decide to use it to escape. Unfortunately, the zip line is good for only one person. Linda forces Emily to leave her behind and is recaptured. Emily safely arrives at the US Consulate. Determined to find her mother, she seeks help from two feisty American women veterans, Ruth and Barb, whom Emily met at the resort in Ecuador. Ruth and Barb take her to James, who was conspiring with Morgado, to the apartment where he is being interrogated for the kidnappers' location. With the ladies' help, Emily rescues her mother at the kidnappers' apartment. They try to escape in another truck, but Morgado intercepts them. As he is about to kill Emily, Linda blows her dog whistle (which was supposed to serve as a rape whistle), summoning a dog that attacks Morgado. U.S. State Department agents arrive to arrest Morgado, and Jeffrey reunites with his mother and sister. One year later, Emily and Linda take another trip to Kuala Lumpur, at which point Emily meets another man, who offers her a drink. Emily refuses, and she and Linda proceed to dance.
Medal for the General	British	comedy	Maurice Elvey	The title character is Victor Church, a World War I veteran who becomes despondent when his advancing age prevents him from playing an active role in the battles of World War II. Feeling unwanted and useless, he retreats to his country estate and plans his suicide. He finds a new purpose in life when he opens his home to six rambunctious Cockney children evacuated from the London slums and tries to keep the mischievous group under control.
Dr. Jack	American	comedy	Fred C. Newmeyer	The Sick-Little-Well-Girl (played by Mildred Davis) has been wrapped in cotton wool all her life. At the sign of the slightest sniffle or cough, she is packed off to bed and each time, the stuffy (and expensive) Dr Ludwig von Saulsbourg (Eric Mayne) is called to attend to her. In another town lives Doctor Jackson (Harold Lloyd), a friendly and altruistic doctor who is liked by everyone in town. He utilises common sense when curing the citizens of any ills. Soon, Doctor Jack discovers that von Saulsbourg has been playing on The Sick-Little-Well-Girl's non-illness, charging the girl's father exorbitant amounts of money to treat her. With Jack's intervention, von Saulsbourg is sent packing.
Facing the Music	British	comedy	Maclean Rogers	An incompetent man struggles to hold down a series of jobs.
Hot Rod	American	comedy	Akiva Schaffer	Throughout his entire life, Rod Kimble has believed his father, now deceased, was a successful and respectable stuntman working for Evel Knievel. He aspires to follow in his father's footsteps and become a famous stuntman himself. Meanwhile, his stepfather Frank fails to respect Rod as a man, often going out of his way to beat him in sparring sessions and mocking his stuntman dream. Rod makes many attempts at landing jumps with his Tomos moped, most of them ending unsuccessfully. After an ill-fated jump attempt at the public pool, he returns home to find out that Frank is in urgent need of a heart transplant that the family's health insurance will not cover. Angered at the thought of his stepfather dying without getting a chance to gain his respect and beat him in a fight at least once, Rod tells his childhood friends Rico, Dave, and his half-brother Kevin that he plans to do a jump over the length of fifteen school buses, and give the proceeds to his stepfather's surgery. He also adds Denise, his college-graduate neighbor on whom he has a crush, to his crew. To promote his stunt and also raise funds, Rod, who likes to party, works parties, corporate get-togethers, and other events, performing activities such as taping pillows to his body and having a washing machine, suspended by a crane, swing to hit him. Kevin releases a movie using his footage of Rod's stunts and sells over 200 tickets, but everyone at the movie laughs at Rod's expense as the film depicts his failed training attempts. Rod gets angry and throws the theater's projector out of a window, smashing the projectionist's car below. Rod ends up giving up all the money he has raised so far to the projectionist to cover the damages and avoid arrest. Upset, he returns home, where his mother reveals to him that his father was not the stuntman he thought he was. Humiliated, Rod quits the crew and ends his dream to beat up Frank, despite his friends' interventions. However, he takes up the jump again when Dave asks Rod to take him to the hospital due to an injury while trippin' balls under the influence of acid given to him by his friend Derek. When he does, Dave gives him advice that inspires Rod to apologize to Kevin. As Kevin accepts his apology, he also reveals that Rod's stunt footage has gotten popular through the Internet, and a local AM radio station hosted by Barry Pasternak offers to cover the expenses of the jump. Rod gets the crew back together and they start setting up for the jump. On the day of the jump, his friends give him a new suit, a rock (to represent extensive pyrotechnic work done by Rico), and a motorbike. He also receives a kiss from Denise, who broke up with Jonathan, her insensitive and callous boyfriend. As Rod jumps off the ramp, the speed of his new motorbike enables him to jump over the buses, but the bike smashes through a stage and goes flying. Rod lands squarely on the ground, and has an unconscious out-of-body experience. When he awakes, Rod, with the help of Kevin and Denise, triumphantly gets up to the applause of the crowd, and sees that the donations have accumulated over $50,000, the cost of Frank's conveniently priced surgery. The film ends taking place six months after the events of earning $50,000 as Rod again spars with Frank, in which Rod gains the upper hand and successfully gains his stepfather's respect.
The Slim Princess	American	comedy	Victor Schertzinger	As described in a film magazine,[2] Princess Kalora (Normand) of Morovenia, a fictional country where obese women are prized and the normal-sized princess is widely regarded as being too slender, finds no suitors in the matrimonial market. Her younger sister, weighing in the neighborhood of 300 pounds and who is also the family favorite, is sought by the eligible men of the court. American millionaire Alexander Pike (Thompson) sees the princess and immediately falls in love with her, and is then hounded from the country by the police of her father. The princess is later sent to America to partake of a patent fat producer that is widely advertised, and meets Alexander at the Ambassador's ball. Their romance is interrupted when a cable calls the princess and her bodyguard back to Morovenia. Arriving at home thinner than when she left, Kalora is thrown into a dungeon. When Alexander, whose millions are no less powerful in Morovenia than in America, arrives, he convinces her father of his love for Kalora, marries the princess, thus opening the way to the altar for the second daughter, and all are happy.
Kovai Brothers	Tamil	comedy	Sakthi Chidambaram	Kovai Brothers movie tells Ganesh (Satyaraj) and Vasanth (Sibiraj) who are friends come to Chennai to take revenge on the killers of Uma who is Ganesh's niece and Vasanth's girlfriend. Ganesh and Vasanth stay with Ekadasi (Vadivelu). The duo then works in a television channel that exposes corruption in the society. Sanya (Namitha) also works as an anchor in the same channel. Ganesh and Vasanth see Sanaya and both fall for her. Now, Ganesh and Vasanth take on the bad guys and corruption besides falling for the same girl. The rest of the film is on how they kill the rowdies and who wins the love of the girl.
 Wah Do Dem	American	comedy	Ben Chace	Brooklyn slacker Max wins two tickets for a Caribbean cruise but ends up travelling alone after being dropped by his girlfriend, Willow. The trip coincides with the 2008 US election, which is won by Barack Obama. After docking in Jamaica a series of misfortunes sees him travelling across the country where he meets several characters, including musicians and a mystic Rastaman.[1]
Feather Your Nest	British	comedy	William Beaudine	A worker at a gramophone record factory surprisingly creates a hit song, Leaning on a Lamp-post.
Save a Little Sunshine	British	comedy	Norman Lee	After he is sacked from his job, Dave Smalley buys a share in a hotel, but has to resort to working there when all other financial schemes fail. His girlfriend Pat however, comes up with the idea of turning the property into a smart restaurant, and business takes off beyond all expectation.
Mabel's Strange Predicament	American	comedy	Henry Lehrman	In a hotel lobby a heavily drunk tramp runs into an elegant lady, Mabel, who gets tied up in her dog's leash, and falls down. He later runs into her in the hotel corridor, locked out of her room. They run through various rooms. Mabel ends up in the room of an elderly husband where she hides under the bed. Enter the jealous wife, who soon attacks Mabel, her husband, and Mabel's lover, not to mention the staggeringly drunken tramp.
Back-Room Boy	British	comedy	Herbert Mason	Meteorologist Arthur Pilbeam's fiancée Betty breaks their engagement because he has to speed back to the BBC every hour, on the hour, due to his internationally vital job of creating the BBC pips. He is so upset, he changes the pacing of the pips to play Shave and a Haircut. He tries to resign, but he cannot do that during wartime, so since he also wants to avoid all women, he is assigned the solitary job of sending weather reports from a remote Scottish lighthouse. Before taking a boat from the mainland, his is warned by the locals that he will go mad from the isolation and the curse of a mermaid within a month, as his predecessors have. Pilbeam has his peace quickly shattered when he encounters Jane, a young girl (who stowed away on the boat that brought him to the island), and then Bobbie, a model and the sole survivor of a torpedoed ship. His radio disappears, and Bobbie sees one man tied up, but he disappears when she brings Pilbeam. Then she is attacked, but her assailant is also nowhere to be seen when Pilbeam returns. Finally, another boatload of women (plus a couple of crewmen) arrive from Bobbie's ship. Things become crowded in the lighthouse, until people start to mysteriously disappear during the night, leaving an anxious Pilbeam to discover what has been happening to everyone and why. Finally, only Pilbeam is left. It turns out that Nazi agents have been secretly sweeping the waters of mines and have taken everyone else prisoner, leaving Pilbeam free just so he can send away a rescue party without arousing suspicion. But between Pilbeam, Jane's uncle (from the neighboring island) and the women, they manage to turn the tables on their captors. They tie the Germans up and set out on the German boat. On the way back to the mainland, however, they come across am enemy warship in the fog. The Germans mistake them for their own spies and order them to guide them through the minefield. Pilbeam turns around and leads them directly into it instead. The ship strikes a mine and sinks. Pilbeam returns a hero, only to find Betty has taken his old job. Luckily for him, she plays Shave and a Haircut after she sees him.
Couples Retreat	American	comedy	Peter Billingsley	Dave, a dealer for Guitar Hero, and Ronnie, a stay-at-home mom, are a typical couple raising two young children in the suburbs of Chicago. They experience various stresses including redecorating their house and raising their kids. Joey and Lucy are high school sweethearts with a smart but naive teenage daughter named Lacey. Their relationship is on the rocks and they are even considering a divorce once Lacey goes off to college. Jason and Cynthia are a neurotic couple who've experienced multiple failed attempts to conceive, and Shane, recently divorced from his wife, has a much younger twenty-year-old girlfriend, Trudy. At Dave's son's birthday party, Jason and Cynthia, using a PowerPoint presentation, announce their troubled marriage and they are considering divorce because they cannot have a baby. As a last-ditch effort, they have found a couples therapy resort named Eden. A deal called the Pelican Package is half the normal cost if they can get three other couples to join them. In their presentation, they show beautiful pictures of sunlit beaches and beautiful locations. They also assure the others that the couples therapy is purely optional. Dave and Ronnie discuss their inability to go because of childcare responsibilities and decline the trip. In the middle of the night, their home security alarm is activated when Jason shows up unexpectedly to further sell the idea of the retreat. The commotion wakes the kids, who have overheard their parents' conversations of not being able to go because of them. Fearing that their parents are contemplating divorce, the kids have already arranged for Dave's father, Grandpa Jim-Jim to babysit so their parents can go to Eden. The retreat proves to be divided into Eden West and Eden East. West is for couples and uses the tagline Stay Together. East is for singles and uses the tagline Come Together. East and West attendees are not allowed to intermingle. Upon arrival at Eden West, the four couples are shown their villas. At dinner, resort host Ctanley informs them that couples therapy, which starts at 6 a.m., is actually mandatory. If any couple fails to attend, it will be taken as an indication that they want to leave, and a refund for Eden will be given, although not for their airfare. The group debates what to do. After an indulgent dinner with many delicacies, they decide to put up with a couple of hours of therapy in order to enjoy the other amenities of the resort. In the morning, each couple meets with an assigned therapist. All four couples learn that they have problems, even Ronnie and Dave, who thought they were fine. They endure resort owner Marcel's unusual methods, including swimming with and feeding lemon sharks and yoga sessions with amorous instructor Salvadore. On the fourth night, Trudy escapes to Eden East. The other seven, encouraged by Joey who is unsatisfied with his marriage, leave to find her. Following an argument between Cynthia and Jason, the men and women split up. As they try to find their way to the resort, the men end up arguing and pointing out each other's marriage mistakes. The women run into Salvadore who takes them to Eden East. The men come across the staff lounge where they find Sctanley playing Guitar Hero. He threatens to report them to Marcel, but Dave challenges him to the game (without telling Sctanley that he is involved in the game's production). Sctanley, after having lost the wager, directs them to Eden East, even though he knows he was tricked by Dave. When they arrive, Dave realizes what a good thing he has with Ronnie. He goes with her to be alone at a waterfall. Joey finds Lucy with Salvadore and knocks him out, reuniting with his wife. Cynthia and Jason share drinks and end up becoming intimate. Shane runs into his ex-wife, who admits she still loves him. Shane tells Trudy to remain in Eden East and enjoy being single, then leaves with his ex-wife. All four couples return to Eden West. Marcel, seeing that the couples have worked out their problems, frees them from the therapy and allows them to go jet skiing, and with that, really enjoy the rest of their vacation.
The Last Coupon	British	comedy	Frank Launder	A man believes he has won the football pools and radically alters his spending habits only to find he has forgotten to post his coupon.
The Cook	American	comedy	Roscoe Arbuckle	Fatty is the head chef at the Bull Pup restaurant where Keaton serves as the head waiter. One evening while service is in full flow Keaton and Fatty entertain the crowd with their dancing (despite breaking most of the plates and bottles in the restaurant in the process). The fun is soon spoiled when a vagrant (St. John), referred to as Holdup Man in the film's credits, comes in and begins ruining everyone's good time and dancing with the waitress (Alice Lake) against her will. Fatty, Keaton and the manager are no match for Holdup Man but he is subsequently scared off by Luke, Fatty's dog. Later, Fatty and Keaton join a pair of gentlemen in the restaurant for a big plate of spaghetti, not being able to replicate the correct way of eating it they resort to their own methods of eating one string at a time and cutting the pasta with scissors to make it shorter. The next day Fatty plans a fishing trip with Luke while Keaton simultaneously takes the waitress on a date to the amusement park. Fatty takes a shortcut through the park and knocks several people out with his exceptionally long fishing rod before arriving on the beach. The waitress gets separated from Keaton and is chased around the park by Holdup Man and ends up falling off the top of a roller coaster, falling into the sea. Holdup man is chased off by Luke yet again and Fatty and Keaton attempt to rescue the waitress but find that the key to a flotation device is in a courthouse one mile east. Acting fast, they grab a rope to throw to the waitress but Keaton falls off the pier still holding the rope and drags Fatty in with him.
Cruel, Cruel Love	American	comedy	George Nichols and Mack Sennett	Chaplin plays a character quite different from the Little Tramp for which he would become famous. In this short Keystone film, Chaplin is instead a rich, upper-class gentleman (Lord Helpus) whose romance is endangered when his girlfriend (played by Minta Durfee) sees him being embraced by her maid and jumps to the wrong conclusion. She angrily sends Lord Helpus away, saying she never wants to see him again. Distraught, when Lord Helpus arrives home he is determined to end his life. He swallows what he thinks is a glass of poison and envisions himself being tortured in Hell. Not long afterward, the girlfriend's gardener and maid explain to Minta that Lord Helpus was not flirting at all. Minta quickly sends a note of apology to Lord Helpus. upon reading it, Lord Helpus flies into a panic and summons an ambulance to help him before he dies from the fatal dose of poison. There is no danger of Lord Helpus expiring: His butler had stealthily switched the liquid in the glass to harmless water. Chaplin's romantic interest in this film, Minta Durfee, was the wife of fellow Keystone actor Roscoe Fatty Arbuckle.
The Playhouse	American	comedy	Edward F. Cline, Buster Keaton	The film is set up as a series of humorous tricks on the audience, with constant doubling, and in which things are rarely what they at first seem to be. It opens with Keaton attending a variety show. In this first sequence, Keaton plays beside him and remarks, This fellow Keaton seems to be the whole show. This was a gibe at one of Keaton's contemporaries, Thomas Ince, who credited himself generously in his film productions.[1] In interviews with Kevin Brownlow,[2] Keaton claims he gave the director's credit to Cline mainly because he did not want to appear too Ince-like himself: Having kidded things like that, I hesitated to put my own name on as a director and writer. This elaborate trick-photography sequence turns out to be only a dream when Joe Roberts rouses Keaton from bed. The bedroom then turns out to be not a bedroom, but a set on a stage. The second half of the film features Keaton's character falling for a girl who happens to be a twin. He has difficulty telling the twin who likes him from the one who does not. An uncredited Virginia Fox plays one of the twins. Edward F. Cline co-wrote the production and appears, uncredited, as a monkey trainer, whose monkey Keaton impersonates onstage after accidentally letting the animal escape.
Joffa: The Movie	Australian	comedy	Chris Liontos	Joffa Corfe and Shane McRae star as a couple of knockabout handymen with a passion for the Collingwood Football Club. The pair have a knack for attracting trouble which drives the local priest Father Bob McGuire to the point of despair.[3][4] The film portrays Joffa; an ordinary man. The fact he attracts the affection of thousands and the hatred of tens of thousands is just how it is for the man who guides the Collingwood Cheer Squad. Joffa said that the ordinary people who inhabit his real world give the movie its heart.[4] People such as Fr. Bob McGuire, Kevin Bartlett and 93-year-old Mavis, who used to attend dances with Ron Barassi's father. One of the highlights for Australian audiences is hearing Good Old Collingwood Forever sung in Mandarin. Another is hearing the classic Australian food, the Chiko Roll, being explained to a Londoner.[4] The Australian Council on Children and the Media said that the main messages from this movie are: Working together as a team is what wins the game.[3] And Mateship is one of the most important and meaningful things in life.[3]
Anchorman 2: The Legend Continues	American	comedy	Adam McKay	In 1980, Ron Burgundy (Will Ferrell) and Veronica Corningstone (Christina Applegate) are married and are both co-anchors for a prestigious news network in New York City. One day, Mack Tannen (Harrison Ford), the most famous nightly news anchor in New York, reveals that he is retiring. He intends to promote Corningstone, making her the first female nightly news anchor in the history of television, and to fire Burgundy due to his continuously sloppy performance on air. Burgundy grows jealous of Corningstone's success and storms out of the house, leaving her and their 6-year-old son Walter (Judah Nelson). Six months later, Burgundy is back in San Diego, but barely able to hold a job due to his depression. After being fired from SeaWorld and botching a suicide attempt, Burgundy accepts a job offered to him by Freddie Shapp (Dylan Baker) with GNN, the world's first 24-hour news network, for the station's official launch. He reassembles his news team, finding Champ Kind (David Koechner), who owns a fried chicken store (that sells bats secretly to cut down on costs), Brian Fantana (Paul Rudd), now a famous cat photographer, and Brick Tamland (Steve Carell), who is presumed dead but appears at his own funeral. They are assigned the unpopular late-night timeslot while obnoxious rival anchorman Jack Lime (James Marsden) is put in a primetime slot. Meanwhile, Burgundy finds that Corningstone has started dating psychologist Gary (Greg Kinnear). As GNN launches, Burgundy decides to broadcast what the people want to hear, rather than what they need to hear. He and his team devise a sensationalist and patriotic newscast. Their new approach proves to be a hit, beating Lime in ratings by a massive margin, and the other news networks scramble to emulate them. Burgundy and his team are promoted to primetime, where they enjoy fame and fortune. Burgundy's success excites GNN's manager, Linda Jackson (Meagan Good), and they begin a romantic relationship. Tamland meets a similarly eccentric GNN office worker named Chani (Kristen Wiig) and immediately falls in love. Burgundy lets his newfound fame get to his head and neglects his parental obligations to Walter, angering Corningstone. He also alienates Fantana, Kind, and Tamland, claiming he is tired of carrying them. During a party celebrating GNN's success, Lime causes Burgundy to slip and suffer a head injury, resulting in him becoming temporarily blind. Unable to read the news, Burgundy isolates himself in a lighthouse, unable to adjust to his temporary loss of vision. Corningstone arrives with Walter for a visit, announcing that she has quit her own job, and Burgundy bonds with his family, gradually adjusting to his disability. Burgundy and his son rehabilitate a small shark, naming him Doby before setting him free. Later, Burgundy discovers that Corningstone was concealing messages from his eye doctor regarding an experimental procedure, since she thought his blindness has been significant in the family bonding. He leaves angrily, gets his vision restored, and returns to GNN. Back in New York, Burgundy is once again approached by Corningstone, who pleads with him to attend Walter's piano recital. At the same time, an exclusive news story comes in, requiring Burgundy to cover it. However, on live TV, Burgundy instead admits that news is supposed to inform, not entertain, and takes responsibility for the mistakes he made, following it up by quitting and walking off. He leaves for Walter's recital but is intercepted by an angered Lime and his team and several other news teams, all of whom want to kill him due to his fame. Burgundy's friends arrive to defend him and a massive battle ensues. Burgundy's old arch-rival Wes Mantooth (Vince Vaughn) arrives in time to save Ron from Lime's news crew, before Brick sets off an explosion. Burgundy manages to reach Walter's recital in time, and reconcile with Corningstone. Burgundy and his friends later attend Tamland's and Chani's wedding on the beach. During the wedding, Ron spots Doby in the water and tries to greet him, only to be attacked, forcing his dog Baxter to rescue him.
My Fan Ramu	Malayalam	comedy	Nikhil K. Menon	Ramu (Saiju Kurup), who is an ardent film buff, is nurturing exalted hopes of making it big as an actor someday. He is a diehard fan of young macho superstar Abhiram (Rajiv Pillai), the heartthrob of youngsters. Ramu's father (P.Balachandran) runs a wayside ramshackle tea stall. Ramu looks down upon the lifestyle that has been bequeathed on him by his father. His cinematic ambitions which was going nowhere, suddenly receive a shot in the arm as he manages to emerge winner in a reality show, which offers the winner a chance to spend ten days with superstar Abhiram. Ramu accompanied by his sidekick (Bijukuttan) and a naive moneylender (Guinness Pakru), who is reluctant to let Ramu scot- free before his debt is settled, arrives at the superstar's home. The Superstar finds himself at his wits end, unable to tolerate the cumbersome threesome, who plays havoc with his privacy.
The Love Wager	British	comedy	A. Cyran	Before he can receive her father's consent a young man works to try to earn £1,500 in a year to marry his girlfriend.
Easy Riches	British	comedy	Maclean Rogers	Two rival firms of builders fight for business in a small town.
Timbuctoo	British	comedy	Walter Summers Arthur B. Woods	The film's slight storyline concerns a man (Kendall) who has a violent quarrel with his family over his fiancée (Grahame). Feeling totally upset, he wants to get away from all the conflict and decides to travel overland to Timbuktu with its legendary reputation as one of the most remote and mysterious places in the world. As soon as his fiancée learns of his departure, she vows to do the same thing and challenges herself to arrive in Timbuktu before him. Much of the film is essentially taken up with travelogue sequences of African natives and habitats.
A Yank in Ermine	British	comedy	Gordon Parry	An American airman (Thompson) inherits the lordship of an English village. Although he is initially reluctant, his fiance (Decker) encourages him to accept it, after she hears how much the estate is worth. When he arrives in England with his two buddies (Pertwee and Lloyd Jr.), he falls for the daughter (Middleton) of the owner of the neighbouring estate - but she is also engaged to be married. (A scene at Heathrow Airport shows a Boeing 377 Stratocruiser in the colours of B.O.A.C.)
Hotel de Love	Australian	comedy	Craig Rosenberg	Fraternal twin brothers meet a childhood crush at a rundown hotel and rediscover their love as they renew their competition for her affection.
The Love Lottery	British	comedy	Charles Crichton	A celluloid heart-throb, who is haunted by dreams and hounded by fans, is coerced by a gambling syndicate into taking part in a lottery to find a wife.[3]
The Man in the Mirror	British	comedy	Maurice Elvey	A withdrawn, mild mannered man is surprised when his reflection in the mirror steps out of the mirror and tells him he is his alter ego, the kind of man he wishes he was. The man-in-the-mirror then begins to live the wild life that the man had always dreamed of.
Champagne	British	comedy	Alfred Hitchcock	The Heiress Betty (Betty Balfour) draws the ire of her father after using his aeroplane to fly to her boyfriend (Jean Braden) on an ocean liner headed to France. French customs obviously, at the time, were not favorable to such behaviors. Even for daughters of wealthy men in the Champagne business. Marriage, in France, has always been preferred to casual relationships. Always uneasy due to seasickness, Betty's boyfriend is unable to dine with her. She notices a man watching her. He had been (briefly) watching her from a far, and sits to talk with her. Betty receives a telegram from her father who disapprovingly warns her the boyfriend is not going to be admired by her friends. To prove her father wrong she asks the boyfriend for his hand in marriage. A quarrel ensues during the trip and the two part company when it's over. The boyfriend regrets the fight and goes to Betty to apologize. He finds her excellence in chess, during a game with the mysterious man, to be quite surprising (he never took interest in her hobbies.) Another quarrel between the two is interrupted by the arrival of Betty's father (Gordon Harker). He tells Betty the family fortune, earned in the champagne business, has been wiped out in the stock market. The boyfriend leaves after hearing the news of their fortune. The father sees this as proof the boyfriend is only after money. Betty decides to sell her jewellery but is robbed en route to the jewellers. Now penniless Betty and her father move into a small shabby apartment. Unbeknownst to Betty her father sneaks out to eat at an expensive restaurant after her cooking proves to be terrible. Once again her boyfriend tries for a reconciliation but is rebuked by Betty, who now thinks her father is right about the boyfriend and vows to get a job. Betty finds work at a swank restaurant. Soon the mysterious man shows up and invites Betty to his table. She becomes uncomfortable with the stranger and is relieved when her boyfriend once again arrives. The mysterious man leaves after handing her a note that advises her to call him if she ever needs any help. The boyfriend openly disapproves of Betty's job. He leaves after a still angry Betty dances wildly to provoke him. The boyfriend soon returns with Betty's father. He is outraged at Betty's unseemly job and confesses he lied about the loss of their fortune to teach her a lesson. Rather than being pleased, Betty is further angered by both the father and the boyfriend. She turns to the mysterious man who offers to take Betty back to America. Betty gladly accepts but is later horrified to find she has been locked in her cabin. She imagines the worst about the mysterious man's intentions and is both relieved and delighted when her boyfriend arrives yet again and releases her from the cabin. They soon reconcile. The boyfriend hides in the bathroom when they hear the mysterious man approaching. He enters with her father who confesses he hired the man to follow and protect her. The boyfriend is furious and comes forth to attack the man. Betty's father pacifies the boyfriend's anger by telling him he no longer disapproves of their wedding. The reunited couple start discussing the wedding when once again another argument starts.
Life After Beth	American	comedy	Jeff Baena	After his girlfriend Beth Slocum (Aubrey Plaza) dies, Zach Orfman (Dane DeHaan) is left devastated. He begins to spend time with Beth's parents Maury (John C. Reilly) and Geenie (Molly Shannon) as a source of comfort. Zach confesses to Maury that he and Beth were having problems in their relationship; Maury advises him not to let the end of the relationship define it. The Slocums stop contacting Zach. Confused, he goes to their house and sees Beth through a window. Zach yells at the Slocums to let him in but his brother Kyle, a security officer, escorts him off the premises. At home, Zach's manic demeanor and strange comments that Beth is alive causes his parents, Judy and Noah, to worry. That night, Zach breaks in and discovers that Beth's parents have been hiding her. A heated argument ensues before Zach storms off. Later, he goes to Beth's grave and sees a large hole in its place. He confronts Geenie and Maury with this and they explain that, after the funeral, Beth suddenly reappeared, seemingly alive and well. Beth's parents are reluctant to let her leave the house, especially during daytime, and refuse to tell her that she died. When Zach takes Beth on a daytime date in the park, she gets blisters on her face, apparently from the sun. Maury bans Zach from the Slocum house and seeing Beth, but Zach continues to sneak in. Zach starts to notice people around town acting similarly to Beth, who has grown increasingly violent and has mood swings; he also discovers smooth jazz can calm her down. He also notes that Beth and people like her are stronger now than when they were living humans. Zach brings Beth to her grave and informs her of her death and resurrection, then tries to break up with her, only for her to angrily run off with his car. Zach walks home and discovers his family members shocked by the sudden reappearance of his dead grandfather. Maury picks up Zach and tells him that Beth is extremely upset, insisting that Zach tell her that he lied about her death and promise to be with her forever; Zach reluctantly agrees. Zach's attempts to talk to Beth fail. When she eats a bystander, he drives away, with her in the car. Maury catches them, knocks Zach unconscious, and takes Beth. Once he has recovered, Zach heads home, and finds a stranger inside the house and burnt bodies in the backyard. Believing his family dead, Zach packs his bags, and prepares to leave the state. However, he changes his mind and drives back to the Slocum house. He finds the house is in disarray, with Geenie and Beth in the kitchen. Tied to a stove, Beth has become a full-fledged, bloodthirsty zombie, having eaten Maury and bitten off Geenie's hand. Zach convinces Geenie to leave, then calms Beth by promising to hike with her like she always asked him to. They run into Kyle, who has gone hunting zombies. He reveals that their parents are still alive, having escaped to a safehouse. Kyle gives Zach his handgun, reminding him that Beth is suffering. On their hike, Zach and Beth stop by a cliff. He tearfully apologizes to her for never doing the things she wanted when she was still alive. They say I love you to each other, and Zach shoots her in the head. Zach is reunited with his family at the safehouse, along with a traumatized Erica (Anna Kendrick), who was forced to kill her own grandmother. The survivors make plans to leave town but, suddenly, the power returns and a TV news story shows things inexplicably going back to normal. Zach visits the graves of Beth and Maury, leaving Beth's scarf on her tombstone, and a knight chess piece on Maury's. Zach's mom picks him up in her car, with Erica in the backseat. Zach invites Erica for dinner and she accepts, smiling as they drive off.
Dear Octopus	British	comedy	Harold French	Well-to-do couple Dora and Charles Randolph are celebrating their golden wedding, and three generations meet at the Randolph country home. As the relatives gather, each reveals his or her personal quirks and shortcomings. Caught in the middle is family secretary Penny Fenton (Margaret Lockwood), who has the unenviable task of sorting and smoothing out the family's deep-set hostilities and jealousies so that a good time can be had by all.[2][3]
The Millionairess	British	comedy	Anthony Asquith	By the terms of her late father's will, spoiled London heiress Epifania Ognissanti di Parerga, the richest woman in the world, cannot marry unless her prospective husband is able to turn £500 into £15,000 within a three-month period. When Epifania becomes smitten with Alastair, a muscular tennis player, she rigs the contest by giving him £500 in stock and then buying it back for £15,000. Alastair is unable to live with the domineering Epifania, however, and leaves her for the more domestic Polly Smith. Contemplating suicide, Epifania melodramatically plunges into the Thames, and when Dr. Ahmed el Kabir, a self-effacing, selfless Indian physician who runs an inadequately equipped clinic for the poor, ignores her plight and paddles past in his rowboat, she swims to shore and accuses him of being an assassin. Julius Sagamore, the shrewd family solicitor, then suggests that Epifania undergo therapy with noted society psychiatrist Adrian Bond. The opportunist Bond makes a bid for her hand, but after he criticises her father, Epifania throws him into the Thames, and when Kabir rows out to help Bond, Epifania jumps in the river after him. To ensnare Kabir, Epifania feigns injury, but the dedicated doctor remains impervious to her charms and indifferent to her wealth. Determined to win the doctor, Epifania buys the property surrounding his clinic and then erects a new, modern facility. After Kabir rejects Epifania's offer to run the facility, she suggests that they marry instead. Intimidated by the headstrong heiress, Kabir manufactures a deathbed promise that he made to his mother, pledging that he would not marry unless his prospective bride can take 35 shillings and earn her own living for three months. Undaunted, Epifania accepts his challenge and then discloses the details of her father's will and hands him £500. When Kabir protests that he has no head for money, Epifania plops down the wad of bills and leaves. Setting out to prove her worth, Epifania takes 35 shillings and heads for a sweatshop pasta factory. There, she threatens to expose the labour violations unless Joe, the proprietor, allows her to manage the plant. Three months later, Epifania has installed labour-saving machines, thus boosting productivity and making the plant a big success. Kabir, meanwhile, has tried in vain to give away his £500. After Kabir becomes drunk at a scientific dinner hosted by a wealthy doctor, he finds a sympathetic ear in his former professor and mentor, who generously offers to accept his money. At the clinic, Kabir eagerly turns over the cash to the professor. Soon after the professor leaves, Epifania appears and informs Kabir that she has met his mother's challenge. When he replies that he has failed and given all the money away, Epifania is deeply offended. Deciding to turn her back on the world of men, she announces that she plans to fire her board of directors, disband her empire and retire to a Tibetan monastery once she has evicted all the monks. Desperate to keep his job, Sagamore realises that Kabir is responsible for Epifania's erratic behaviour and goes to see the doctor. At the clinic, Sagamore tells Kabir that Epifania has vowed to withdraw from the world at the stroke of midnight. Concerned, Kabir hurries to the reception where Epifania is to bid farewell to her previous existence. Certain that their marriage is now imminent, Sagamore meets the terms of the will by purchasing Kabir's medical papers for £15,000. After Kabir rushes to Epifania, they kiss and he finally expresses his love.
Majaa	Tamil	comedy	Shafi	Govindan (Manivannan) is a thief who has two children: Aadhi (Pasupathy) and Arivumathi (Vikram). Years go by and the two, Aadhi and Madhi, decide to stop stealing and mend their ways and lead a hardworking life along with their father. They migrate to a neighboring village and meet a retired agricultural officer, Chidambaram (Vijayakumar) who is in deep debt and is under pressure from the village's landlord, Kalingarayar (Murali) to clear his debts. In efforts to help Chidambaran, Mathi confronts Seetha Lakshmi (Asin), Kalingarayar's daughter, who comes to collect the money Chidambaram owes her father. Seetha Lakshmi starts to acquire a liking for Mathi but keeps it hidden due to her father's atrocious temper. In an attempt to teach Kalingarayar a lesson, Mathi forcibly ties the mangalsutram around Seetha's neck. Kalingarayar, realizing his daughter's love for Mathi, comes down to arrange a grand remarriage between the two. But things go awry when Manicka Vel (Biju Menon), Seetha Lakshmi's maternal uncle, comes to town in an effort to stop the wedding between the two as he has plans of marrying her and wiping her family fortune.
My Learned Friend	British	comedy	Basil Dearden	This comedy sees Will Hay playing a seedy lawyer, who finds himself marked for assassination by a forger whom he previously defended unsuccessfully. He teams up with an incompetent solicitor to try to prevent the deaths of others involved. The film climaxes with a sequence where Hay hangs from the hands of the clock face of Big Ben in an attempt to prevent a time bomb being detonated.
What Just Happened	American	comedy	Barry Levinson	Ben (Robert De Niro), a veteran Hollywood producer, is suffering a number of professional and personal problems. His latest film, Fiercely, has a disastrous test screening, mostly because of its ending which features the murder of its main character (played by Sean Penn, who plays himself elsewhere in the film) along with his pet dog. Ben and his maverick British director, Jeremy Brunell (Michael Wincott), plead their case to studio executive Lou Tarnow (Catherine Keener). She accuses Ben of filming the dog's killing only so he could use it as a bargaining chip - to make it easier to negotiate against cutting other problematic scenes. Lou threatens to pull Ben's movie from Cannes and take over editing unless at least the dog's death is removed. Jeremy adamantly refuses, throwing a tantrum. Adding to Ben's problems, he is having trouble making a clean break from Kelly, his second wife. Ben later discovers his wife is having an affair with Scott Solomon, a married screenwriter who Ben has previously worked with. Scott has a screenplay that he's trying to get off the ground, to which Brad Pitt later becomes attached. Lastly the studio is threatening to cancel a planned Bruce Willis movie because of the star's unwillingness to shave the large, thick beard that he has grown. Ben's career hinges on the fate of the film, but any attempt to reason with Willis inevitably meets a violent, foul-mouthed response. Ultimately Jeremy relents and re-edits the ending of Fiercely to have the dog survive. Ben tries to get Willis's agent, Dick Bell, to reason with him and get the beard removed, but his efforts only get Ben fired. Nonetheless, Willis does eventually shave his beard off, and the film goes ahead. A week later, Ben, Lou and Jeremy attend Cannes, hopeful that they might take a Palme D'Or award. Unfortunately, and without telling Ben or Lou, Jeremy has re-edited Fiercely again, not only killing the dog, but adding nearly a full minute of bullets being shot into their bodies. While the new ending destroys the film's chances of a Palme d'Or and angers many in the audience, others eagerly applaud the final version of the film, including Sean Penn (playing himself). Lou is not impressed, and immediately flies out of Cannes on the studio's private jet, leaving Ben stranded in France. Ben eventually does make it back home, in time for a photo-shoot of Hollywood's top thirty producers with Vanity Fair, although after the magazine's publishers hear about the debacle in Cannes, Ben is relegated to the far edge of the photo, meaning he will be barely noticeable.
Now or Never	American	comedy	Fred C. Newmeyer, Hal Roach	A young woman, who is employed as a nanny to a lonesome child named Dolly, is preparing to take a vacation which will include a long-awaited reunion with her childhood sweetheart. Her employers are a busy couple who have no time for their small daughter, so the nanny decides—without seeking their permission—to take Dolly with her on her vacation. Meanwhile, the young man she is to meet with races through the countryside by automobile on his way to his appointment. He crashes into a barn, loses his money to a tramp, and must complete his journey riding as a stowaway on the undercarriage of a train. After the couple meet, they and the child board a train. The woman has tickets for herself and Dolly, but the man has no ticket and no money. The young woman discovers to her horror that her young charge's father is on the train. She does not want him to see her with Dolly, so she leaves the little girl with the young man and joins her employer in a separate coach. The young man is not an experienced babysitter, and caring for the child poses many challenges for him, especially as he must also evade the conductor. The story ends happily: not only does Dolly's father approve of the young woman taking the little girl with her on her vacation, the young woman also discovers that her sweetheart is the man her employer was traveling to meet, as he has recently hired him for an important position.
The Hangover: Part II	American	comedy	Todd Phillips	Two years after the events of the first movie in Las Vegas, Stu Price, Phil Wenneck, Alan Garner and Doug Billings travel to Thailand to celebrate Stu's upcoming wedding to Lauren. Much to Alan's dismay, they are joined by Lauren's younger brother, Teddy. At the rehearsal dinner, Lauren's father reveals his disapproval of Stu during a toast. Later that night, Stu hesitantly joins Phil, Doug, Alan and Teddy for a beer. Sitting at a campfire and roasting marshmallows, the group toast to Stu and Lauren's future happiness. The next morning, Phil, Stu and Alan, along with gangster Leslie Chow—whom Alan befriended after Las Vegas—and a chain-smoking capuchin monkey, awaken in a dirty hotel room in Bangkok. Stu has a face tattoo (a replica of Mike Tyson's) and Alan's head is completely shaved. They cannot find Teddy, and discover only his severed finger. Chow begins to relay the events of the prior night, but he seemingly dies after snorting a line of cocaine. Panicked, the trio dispose of Chow's body in an ice box. Through a tip from Doug who is still at the resort (he left the campfire earlier than the others), they go to a police station to pick up Teddy but are given a wheelchair-bound elderly Buddhist monk, who knows more about what happened; however, he refuses to reveal anything, having taken a vow of silence. After finding a business card, they travel to the smoldering ruins of the business. They enter a nearby tattoo parlor where Stu got his tattoo, and they learn that they started a fight that escalated into a riot. The trio returns the monk to his Buddhist temple, where they are encouraged by the head monk to meditate. Alan is able to recall that they had been at the White Lion strip club, where they learn that Stu was sodomized by a kathoey stripper named Kimmy. Upon exiting, the trio are attacked by two Russian mobsters who steal the monkey, and one shoots Phil in his arm. After Phil is treated at a clinic, Alan confesses that he had drugged some of the marshmallows from the previous night with muscle relaxers and ADHD medication in order to sedate Teddy but accidentally mixed up the bags. Phil and Stu become furious that Alan drugged them again. Stu blames Alan for ruining his life and attacks him. Phil breaks it up and tells them that they have to stick together. They notice something on Alan's stomach: an address and a time for a meeting. They meet a gangster named Kingsley, who demands Chow's bank account password by the next morning in exchange for Teddy. They return to the hotel to try to find Chow's password, only to discover that he is still alive. They steal the monkey (who had the code given to him and put inside his jacket for safe-keeping by Chow) back from the Russian mobsters through a violent car chase, during which the monkey is shot and injured. After taking the code and leaving the monkey at a veterinary clinic, the group completes the deal with Kingsley. Suddenly, Interpol agents appear and arrest Chow. Kingsley turns out to be an undercover agent, who tells the trio that the police had used the information that Teddy had disappeared to arrest Chow and Kingsley actually does not know where Teddy is. Desperate and out of clues, Phil calls Doug's wife Tracy to tell her they can't find Teddy. Stu decides to call off the wedding and live in Bangkok and say that Teddy died. While Alan is playing a game of Pac-Man the power goes out again. Stu suddenly realizes where Teddy is. The trio rushes back to the hotel to find Teddy who is in the elevator unharmed (albeit still missing a finger). Teddy had woken up in the middle of the night to get more ice for his severed finger (after the first bucket of ice had melted) but became trapped after the power went out. The four use Chow's speedboat, the Perfect Life, the keys for which were in Teddy's pocket, to travel back to the wedding reception. Arriving on land just as Lauren's father is about to cancel the wedding, Stu makes a defiant speech where he rejects being boring and instead states that he is in fact quite wild. Impressed, Lauren's father gives the couple his blessing. After they exchange their vows, Alan presents Stu with a special gift at the post-reception dance: a musical guest performance by Mike Tyson. Teddy later discovers that he had taken many pictures during the night on his cell phone. The group, along with Tyson, agree to look at the pictures together once (some of which reveal Teddy lost his finger playing the knife game) before erasing the evidence of their exploits once again.
Peculiarities of the National Hunt in Winter Season	Russian	comedy	Aleksandr Rogozhkin	Kuzmich and Semyonov feel bored at the 13th cordon until the season of checks and inspections begins. The first inspectors are from the Ministry of Forestry, followed by two more from the environmental department. The heroes even have to drink tea for a while since the environmental leader is a teetotal lady who also hates hunting. Later, Leva Soloveichik and General Ivolgin join the company. As always the company survives a lot of absurd but completely legitimate adventures. The philosophical story-parable compiled by Kuzmich about the Chinese hunter Hu Zhou who comprehends all the secrets of Russian hunting and tries to understand the Russian soul, is carried throughout the storyline.
Welcome to Mooseport	American	comedy	Donald Petrie	Former President of the United States Monroe Eagle Cole retires to his vacation home in the town of Mooseport, Maine to escape from his ex-wife Charlotte. Harold Handy Harrison is a commoner working as the local plumber of Mooseport, who also owns a hardware store. Following the death of the town mayor, the town council decides to approach former president Cole about running for the office. Cole agrees because, as it turns out, if he holds the office, his Mooseport house can serve as his office and, therefore, can no longer be divided up or sold off in his divorce settlement. As a surprise to Harrison, his name has also been entered into the race. When Harrison finds out Cole is running, he decides to withdraw, until he witnesses Cole make a pass at Handy's girlfriend of six years, veterinarian Dr. Sally Mannis, who recently broke up with him because he was taking the relationship too slow and had not yet proposed marriage to her. Handy believes that, by becoming mayor, he can show Sally he is a mature decision maker and win her heart. Tempers rise following the arrival of ex-wife and Cole campaign spoiler Charlotte. Cole's team, led by long-time executive secretary and love interest Grace Sutherland and presidential aide Will Bullard, bring in strong support in the form of campaign strategist Bert Langdon, who becomes Cole's campaign manager as he complains of a dull existence since Cole retired from the presidency. As the campaigns progress, Cole and Harrison both become obsessed with winning the race at all costs, although Harrison refuses to resort to any cheating schemes, making Cole realize that in all his years of running for elections this may be the hardest as he is taking on an honest everyman. Eventually, on the night before the election, both candidates (for different reasons - Cole trying to get sympathy votes, Harrison wanting the campaign to end and believes Cole would be a better mayor than him) urge the voters to vote for the other candidate by saying that neither of them will vote for themselves. Harrison keeps his promise, but Cole votes for himself anyway. Upon the revelation that Cole won by one vote, his conscience gets the better of him and he concedes the match to Harrison. However, Harrison lies that he voted for himself as well, and declines office, making Cole end up as mayor once again. Harrison later reveals to Sally that he conceded the election because Cole needs the mayorship more than he does and that all he really wanted was to propose marriage to her, which he does. As Handy is proposing to Sally, Monroe also proposes to Grace. The film ends with Bert Langdon telling Handy that he ran an excellent campaign and offers to be his campaign manager for Governor of Maine, which Handy shows some interest in when he realizes a governor has certain authority over mayors.
The Man	American	comedy	Les Mayfield	The story starts with Andy Fiddler (Eugene Levy) preparing a speech that he is going to give to a dental convention in Detroit. He works for a dental supply company, and lives in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Meanwhile, in Detroit, a federal armory (weapons room) of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF) has been robbed of assault rifles, handguns and ammunition. An ATF agent was killed and Internal Affairs agent Peters (Miguel Ferrer) suspects the dead agent and his partner Agent Derrick Vann (Samuel L. Jackson) were in on the robbery. After a visit to his informant Booty (Anthony Mackie) (who is later gunned down), Vann, attempting to clear his name, sets up a buy. He is to go to a diner and be reading a copy of the newspaper USA Today to be recognized. Unfortunately, Andy is also in the diner, and he has a copy of USA Today. He is mistaken for Vann. A menacing Englishman called Joey (Luke Goss) sits next to Andy and hands him a paper bag with his taste in it then leaves. The bag contains a cell phone and a gun, which Andy pulls out. The waitress of the diner thinks than Andy is there to rob the place and panics. An arriving Vann arrests Andy, before realizing that the gun traffickers mistook Andy for Vann himself. The received cell phone rings and Vann answers the call. The caller is Joey, who wants Turk (the pseudonym that Vann used when setting up the buy) to drop $20,000 dollars in a certain trash can. Vann reveals that he has the money, but now needs Andy to deliver it. The initial attempt to deliver the money to the gun traffickers fails due to the interference of a bystander. Vann gets another cell phone call from Joey, asking him what happened. He tells Joey that there were complications, and Joey agrees to arrange another attempt at delivery. Meanwhile, Andy tries to escape and Vann shoots after him, grazing him with a gunshot to the rear. Andy uses the cell phone to call the local police for help, resulting in the capture of both of them by arriving squad cars. The police releases Vann after learning that he is an ATF agent, but they discover there is an outstanding warrant for Andy. He reportedly only purchased a stolen rug without knowing of its origins, but he is still suspected of criminal activity. Vann arranges the release of Andy, to use him in his case against the gun traffickers. Vann tries to contact gun dealer Manny Cortez for help with the case, but finds Manny murdered in his own house. Andy attempts to escape again and fails. Vann then receives a phone call from his ex-wife Dara (Rachael Crawford), who reminds him about the upcoming dance recital of their daughter Kate (Tomorrow Baldwin Montgomery). He then receives another phone call from Joey, who now asks for 500,000 dollars for the whole batch of weapons. Vann has Andy pose as a powerful trafficker for a meeting with Joey in a restaurant. Andy improvises by returning the cell phone to Joey and telling him that their next meeting will be on his terms. Andy plans to use the next meeting to set up a trap for Joey. Andy then convinces Vann that he should attend his daughter's recital, and both men attend it. Andy and Vann eventually arrange a meeting with Joey, but (against Andy's original plan) they have failed to arrange backup from any law enforcement agency. Joey has never met Vann before and asks who he is. Andy claims that Vann is someone who will do anything they tell him. Vann admits this, and claims that he is betraying the service in pursuit of monetary gain. Joey is suitably convinced and agrees to work with him. Following the meeting, Andy and Vann part ways. Andy stays in Detroit as planned and delivers his speech. He is then captured by agent Peters, who wants to use him against Vann. Peters claims that Vann is corrupt, that he is actually trying to buy the guns for himself, and that Vann himself murdered Booty, Manny Cortez and Vann's own partner. Peters wants Andy to wear a wire and get a confession out of Vann. Meanwhile, back at ATF offices, Vann is suspended, and his boss (Susie Essman) tells him that Andy was setting him up. Andy, now wired, enters Vann's office and says they need to talk. The two men drive to the exchange point to deliver the money. Vann suspects that Andy is wired and asks him about it. Andy admits it. Vann and Andy enter the barn where the exchange is going to take place. This time Joey is skeptical of their motives and pulls a gun on Vann. The law enforcement agents hear everything through the wire, and soon arrive to arrest Joey. Andy manages to disarm Joey, though Vann still receives a bullet wound in the buttocks. Vann delivers Andy to the airport for his flight back to Milwaukee and the two men say goodbye. Vann accidentally sets off the metal detectors in the airport and blames it on Andy. The story ends with a protesting Andy being led away by airport security for a body cavity search.
A Madea Christmas	American	comedy	Tyler Perry	In Atlanta, Georgia Mabel Madea Simmons (Tyler Perry) has been talked into getting a job at a local store by her great-niece Eileen Murphy (Anna Maria Horsford). Madea gets fed up with the customers and starts speaking rudely, causing herself to get fired on her first day. She then asks for her paycheck, but her boss tells her they will mail it. Infuriated, Madea steals a dress and some money from the cash register, then leaves. Meanwhile, Eileen's daughter, Lacey Williams (Tika Sumpter), who is working as a teacher at a small school in Alabama and married to a white man named Connor (Eric Lively), has many problems on her hands: the school does not have enough money to fund its annual Christmas Jubilee. This angers the townsfolk, thus pressuring Lacey to have her ex-boyfriend, Oliver (JR Lemon), fund the school through his business. Lacey also wants one of her students, Bailey McCoy (Noah Urrea) to sing in the Christmas Jubilee. Stuck with many issues to deal with, she tells her mother that she will not be able to come home for Christmas. Eileen, determined to see her daughter for Christmas, decides to pay Lacey a surprise visit. She brings Madea, who is hesitant at first, with her, and has Oliver, who is on his way with a contract for the sponsorship, as their ride, as Eileen feels that Lacey and Oliver could still be a couple. The trio then head to Alabama, where Lacey lives. Following a short run-in with the Ku Klux Klan, the trio eventually make it to Alabama. This makes things awkward, since Lacey was not expecting her mother to come see her, and Eileen has never wanted Lacey to marry a white man. Lacey has made her mother believe that Connor is the farm help at her house. Lacey's student Bailey is the son of Tanner McCoy, who Connor has had issues with since childhood. Connor is threatened by Tanner not to plant corn, which he wants to do, saying he will beat him up, as he did frequently when they were children, if he is not coerced. Lacey goes to the meeting with the school principal, Oliver, and the town mayor to go over the contract for Oliver's representatives' sponsorship of the jubilee. While she is out, Madea looks after Lacey's class. Bailey walks into the class late and begins to get bullied by the girls of his class. Madea tells the meanest of them to leave Bailey alone and that they need to learn to be nicer to people. When Madea turns around to write her name on the chalkboard, one of the students steals her purse. Madea tells the students a modern day version of the story of the first Christmas, in order to keep the class busy. When Madea realizes that her purse is missing, she tries to then tell the children the story of Easter, but then loses her temper half way through the story and demands that somebody find her purse. Meanwhile, with the contract glazed over and signed, the town and school now have the money they need. Lacey then prepares to return to her class, but is interrupted by Oliver, who gives her a kiss. While she tries to tell Oliver that she is married and is not interested in getting back together with him, her and the principal discover that Madea has tied the girl that stole her purse to the cross decoration in the classroom. Connor's parents, Buddy (Larry the Cable Guy), and Kim (Kathy Najimy), arrive at Connor and Lacey's house, as they have come to visit him for Christmas and are told that they must not mention that he and Lacey are married, as they do not know that Eileen has never wanted Lacey to marry a white man. Meanwhile, Eileen decides to get a Christmas tree and cuts down one with a yellow ribbon wrapped around it in the backyard, not knowing that Kim planted the tree in memory of her deceased father. When Eileen learns of this, she expresses no remorse, upsetting Kim. That night, Eileen walks in on Buddy and Kim, seeing Buddy with a sheet over his head, convincing her that Buddy is in the KKK. Now scared, she bars the door to the room that she and Madea are sharing. The next day, while helping Connor with the farm animals, Madea reveals to Connor and Buddy that she knows Connor and Lacey are together (but not that they are married). When Connor informs Madea of this, also stating that Lacey is planning to tell Eileen about their marriage on Christmas day, Madea warns that Eileen will become upset. While at the school that same day, it is discovered by the mayor and several towns people - including Tanner McCoy - that Oliver's representatives require that if they are going to sponsor the jubilee, it must be a holiday jubilee. This means that there may not be any references to Jesus, God, or the Bible. The company that is sponsoring the event is Sheldon Construction Company, which caused the jobs of many of the citizens in the town to shut down. Angered at these facts, Tanner and the other citizens convince the mayor to fire Lacey. This upsets Bailey, and he complains to his father, who does not take what his son (or his wife) says into consideration. Later that day, Buddy and Kim learn of Eileen's beliefs and become offended. Kim threatens Eileen, causing Eileen to try and kick Connor's parents out of the house. Madea forces Lacey to confess the truth to her mother and reveals that Eileen despises white people because her husband left her for a white woman when Lacey was 2 years old; she has lied about the story and said that a white man killed her husband. She also reveals that what Eileen said was a heart attack was in fact just gas, and that Eileen has been using this lie to manipulate her daughter. Hypocritically angered by the lies she has heard, Eileen packs her bags and sits outside of the house, hoping for a taxi to come by and pick her up. Buddy, Kim, and Madea try to convince her to come back into the house, but to no avail. The three give up on Eileen, resulting in her deciding to walk into town and take a bus back to Atlanta. Connor walks into he and Lacey's bedroom and finds Lacey sitting on the bed, thinking about all that has happened to her that day. Lacey reveals that Tanner caused her to lose her job, setting Connor off. He storms out of the house in a fit of rage, gets into his truck and heads off to Tanner's house, Buddy riding along. While walking to town, Eileen discovers Tanner in his truck, which has been crashed and knocked upside down. Eileen helps Tanner out of the truck before it explodes. Connor and Buddy drive up to this. Connor punches Tanner in the face and demands that Eileen get into his truck. He tells Tanner to stay away from him and Lacey and says that he is planting the corn that Tanner told him not to plant. Connor, Buddy and Eileen then drive away, while Tanner, now with a change of heart, walks back to his house. Back at Connor and Lacey's house, Eileen finally accepts Connor and Lacey's marriage. However, not everything has yet been settled, as Tanner and his wife pull up to the house. Connor at first demands that they leave his property, but Tanner apologizes for the things he has done and thanks Eileen for saving him. After the reconciliation, Connor asks Tanner if he wants to help him with the corn, to which Tanner gratefully says yes. At the Christmas Jubilee, Lacey thanks the Sheldon Construction Company for helping to sponsor the event (while at the same time announcing promises to help the town that were not in the original agreement, knowing that the company would have no choice but to oblige considering the repercussions if they were to back out). Bailey sings Mary, Did You Know, with his parents cheering him on. Lacey also reveals to Oliver that she is married to Connor as the jubilee commences.
The Captain's Table	British	comedy	Jack Lee	After serving all his working life with the South Star line, exclusively in cargo ships, Albert Ebbs is finally given command (albeit temporarily) of the SS Queen Adelaide, a cruise liner sailing from London to Sydney. An excellent seaman, he finds that he now has many social obligations that he does not have the skills to fulfill. He must preside at the captain's table, host cocktail parties, judge beauty contests and dance with the lady passengers. He must also cope with amorous widows, young couples who want him to marry them and a blustering ex-major who claims to have the ear of the chairman of the shipping line. To add to his woes, most of the officers and crew, led by the chief purser, are on the fiddle. The captain doesn't fully realise this until the last night of the cruise, when champagne being served is revealed to be cider, with the crew pocketing the considerable profits. All comes out well - just. The captain finds himself engaged to be married to an attractive widow, the chief officer is also engaged to a young heiress, and the larcenous officers are arrested by Sydney police.[1]
Make Me an Offer	British	comedy	Cyril Frankel	On a childhood trip to the British Museum, young Charlie (Richard O'Sullivan) falls instantly in love with the Portland Vase, and his passion for it leads to him eventually becoming a dealer in English pottery. He sees a newspaper cutting that describes the theft, 50 years before in 1886, of art treasures, including a perfect green Portland Vase created by Josiah Wedgwood in 1783. Years later and struggling in his profession, Charlie (Peter Finch) learns of a room full of Wedgwood in a country mansion up for demolition. Lacking funds, he turns to Abe Sparta, a successful businessman and the owner of the house in which Charlie, his wife Bella and their two children live. He takes the train to view the contents before the auction of the mansion's contents. To his great disgust, Charlie finds only French fakes. When Nicky, a pretty if absentminded redhead, walks to the neighbouring cottage, Charlie follows. He purchases a worthless porcelain piece from her, just because she needs two pounds. She invites him to look around to see if he might find something of value. Nicky is looking after Sir John, an aged relation with a wicked reputation. Charlie conceals his astonishment upon spotting two of the art objects stolen along with the vase. Then he finds the Portland Wedgwood vase gathering dust in the attic. Charlie offers Nicky £10 for it, but she wants £100 for a fur coat. He reluctantly agrees, but she refuses to accept a cheque. Charlie arranges for other bidders to come to the auction, including Wendl (a long-time bitter rival of Sparta's) and Armstrong and Armstrong's American clients, Mindel and Sweeting. At the auction, Charlie starts playing off the three bidders against and with each other, to his great profit, obtaining enough in this underhanded way to pay Nicky. When she demands £150, however, Charlie goes to Sir John and persuades him to commit the first good deed of his life and give him the vase for nothing (the rightful owner having died and left no heir). Charlie does give a delighted Nicky the promised £100 anyway. With some of the rest, Charlie finally buys his wife a long-promised fur coat.
Not So Dusty	British	comedy	Maclean Rogers	Two London rubbish collectors come into possession of a valuable book and thwart the attempts of some criminals to con them out of it. Meanwhile, one of the dustmen pursues a romance with a housemaid he has met on his round.
Reluctant Heroes	British	comedy	Jack Raymond	This comedy is set in an army boot camp. It displays a drill sergeant who must somehow turn an inept group of recruits into real soldiers.
Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day	American	comedy	Miguel Arteta	The film follows the exploits of Alexander Cooper (Ed Oxenbould), an ordinary 12-year-old boy, and his terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day. He is left out by his family; his older brother, Anthony (Dylan Minnette), his older sister, Emily (Kerris Dorsey), his mother, Kelly (Jennifer Garner), his father, Ben (Steve Carell), and his baby brother, Trevor (Elise/Zoey Vargas), living in the Los Angeles metropolitan area of California. Anthony is trying to earn his driver's license so he can drive his girlfriend, Celia to the prom, Emily is rehearsing for the title role in her school play, Kelly is working for a publication company that is publishing a new children's book which will promote her to vice president of the company, and Ben, who has been unemployed for seven months, has landed a job interview as a game designer for a video game company. That same morning, Alexander attends school where he experiences another series of mishaps, such as accidentally setting fire to his crush, Becky Gibson's, notebook as well as finding out that his friends, including Becky, and even his best friend, Paul, will all be attending the birthday party of Philip Parker (Lincoln Melcher) instead of his, due to Philip's expensive party entertainment and popularity. That night, Alexander puts a candle on a cupcake and wishes that everyone in his family would experience what he is going through. The next morning, Alexander wakes up to find his family in disarray and chaos erupts; his parents have overslept, Emily has a cold, and Anthony has found out that he and Celia broke up. The battery in Kelly's car is dead, and Ben has to take Trevor with him to the interview after dropping Kelly off at work. At school, Paul gives Alexander good news: Philip's birthday party is canceled (as Philip has the chicken pox), so the kids (including Becky and Paul) that were originally going to attend Philip's party will attend Alexander's party instead, much to Alexander's delight. Alexander calls his father, asking him to plan a party for him. Kelly is informed of an embarrassing typo in the book they are publicizing (dump instead of jump) and needs to stop Dick Van Dyke from reading it at a public reading later. Ben takes Trevor along to the office interview and meets Greg (Donald Glover) who seems impressed at his credentials, although they decide to hold another meeting after Trevor ingests a highlighter. Meanwhile, at school, Anthony finds out that Celia has gotten back together with him. Feeling excited about what happened, Anthony jumps up and hits a banner, not knowing that it's connected to two trophy cases, which fall and smash. Because of this, Anthony is suspended from school. Kelly manages to arrive at Dick Van Dyke's reading, but she is too late in trying to warn him about the book's typo. He reads it with the inappropriate material, humiliating himself, scaring the kids and almost getting Kelly arrested. Meanwhile, Ben purchases cough syrup for Emily's symptoms and takes Anthony to the Department of Motor Vehicles, where his driving examiner intentionally distracts him by convincing him to pick up his cell phone, causing him to destroy several parking meters and damage the family minivan, and ultimately fail his driving exam. They all go to Emily's play, which is inadvertently sabotaged by her impaired behavior because of her getting excessively drunk after overdosing on the cough syrup. Afterwards, the game design firm calls Ben and asks him to meet them at Nagamaki, a Japanese hibachi restaurant, for another meeting. The family, joined by Celia, goes to the restaurant in their badly damaged minivan, where Ben accidentally sets his shirt on fire at the grill, embarrassing him to the employers. The whole family consoles him, admitting that they will overcome whatever else the day has in store for them. Alexander states, You just gotta have the bad days so you can love the good days even more, and Anthony suddenly decides not to go to the prom with Celia, stating that his family is more important, and they break up completely. The family returns home and discovers that Ben had hired a rental animal service to recreate an Australian petting zoo for Alexander's birthday party. A crocodile and kangaroo, however, have escaped from their cage. They then decide to pitch in to try and salvage the day by helping host it. Ben and Kelly receive good news: he got hired for the game design job, and she has been informed that the celebrity reading went viral and has created publicity for the book. Reunited, Ben then brings out the cake, with Alexander wishing for more days like the one they shared together.
Rajamma @ Yahoo	Malayalam	comedy	Reghu Rama Varma	Two brothers – Michel Rajamma (Kunchacko Boban) known as Rajamma and Vishnu Yohannan (Asif Ali) known as Yahoo. They are born to the inter-caste couple Yohannan (Saiju Kurup) and Rajamma (Tessa), who fell in love during their college days. After the sudden demise of their parents, they live alone in their house, a bungalow under the care of Aimutty (Mamukkoya). After leading a carefree life, the duo plans to rent out parts of their bungalow to different families. One to a Yahoo's girlfriend, Naseema and family, other to Pavitran, a village officer and an other to a Sherin, who came from Wayanad. The film follows Sherin and her problems, in which Rajamma and Yahoo intervenes.
Sleeping Dogs Lie	American	comedy	Bobcat Goldthwait	In college, 18-year-old Amy impulsively gave her dog, Rufus, oral sex. Eight years later, she lives a seemingly ordinary life as a schoolteacher and is engaged to nice-guy John. When John suggests complete honesty, Amy lies and tells him that she had a lesbian experience with her best friend Linda. On a trip to her parents' house, Amy finally relents to John's badgering and tells him. The next morning, Dougie, Amy's drug addict brother who had overheard the conversation, spills the beans at the breakfast table and, much to her parents' shock, Amy admits that he is right. Amy and John leave as her father will not speak to her and her mother says that she is ashamed. Once back, Amy and John's relationship is strained. Despite all their attempts to fix things, one night while drunk, John calls her a dog-blowing cunt and Amy decides to leave. She shacks up with Linda and her boyfriend Carl, but leaves due to their noisy lovemaking. With the help of her co-worker Ed, Amy finds a new apartment and begins a relationship with Ed after he learns that his wife has been cheating on him. After Amy's mother dies of an aneurysm, Amy returns home and reconciles with her father, who gives her a letter her mother had written her prior to her death. Amy and Ed visit Dougie in prison to inform him of their mother's death. He instantly begins to blame Amy, who leaves quickly before Ed can figure out what Dougie is trying to say. Some time later, Ed and his wife are trying to work things out and Amy realizes her feelings for Ed. As it doesn't work out between Ed and his wife, he and Amy become a couple. Ed thinks he's discovered Amy's secret: she was pregnant and engaged to John, but got an abortion and her parents were incensed. Amy decides to go with the lie, thus letting sleeping dogs lie.
My Mother Frank	Australian	comedy	Mark Lamprell	David Kennedy is preparing to go to university. His mother, Francis (Frank) is a widow and has very little social life. David tells her that she should get out more and much to his surprise, Frank enrolls at the same university. Frank falls for her poetry tutor, who hates mature students. David falls for his best friend's girlfriend, who isn't interested in the least.
Mannar Mathai Speaking 2	Malayalam	comedy	Mamas K. Chandran	Mannar Mathai (Innocent) is now running a travel agency Urvashi Tours & Travels,his partners in this agency are his old mates Gopalakrishnan (Mukesh) and Balakrishnan (Saikumar). Their drama group which was started in 1989, is celebrating its 25th anniversary and Manaar Mathai wants to perform a drama on this occasion. But Gopalakrishnan & Balakrishnan are not ready for this because their previous attempts in drama led them to nothing but problems. When they need a driver for their agency, they give an Ad in the news paper. But Mathai also gives an extra Ad which says Heroine required which leads a young woman named Nithya (Aparna Gopinath) and her friend Unni (Basil Joseph) to their agency. Balakrishnan and Gopalakrishnan see Unni as a potential driver replacement for their old driver Koshi (Shammi Thilakan) due to his fluency in English because most of their customers requesting for travels are from other countries and Unni, being fluent in English, would be able to help them. Meanwhile, Mathai sees Nithya as a potential lead actress for his upcoming play which would bring back glory to Urvashi Theaters and respect to the field of drama. One night, they get an unexpected visitor - Mahendra Varma (Biju Menon). Much to the relief of Balakrishnan, Gopalakrishnan, and Mannar Mathai, when he fell from the top of the building in the last movie on to the hood of Ramji Rao's car, he became mentally impaired and is always requesting for Beedi cigarettes. Later onward, the three decide to forgive Mahendra Varma for his wrongdoings against them, but discover other things as well. They discover that Unni and Nithya were framed for bank fraud back in the town where their college was and fled from police. To their horror, they discover that Nithya is the daughter of the bane of all policemen and authorities and a person that the three hoped they would never hear from again - her father was Ramji Rao (Vijayaraghavan). However, Ramji Rao, after escaping with the money from the second movie, has given up his criminal ways and was baptized, becoming a Christian and soon marrying and having Nithya as his daughter. He was no longer Ramji Rao, but went by his pastor name of Kunjumon (meaning little boy in Malayalam). Another thing they find out is that Mahendra Varma has a twin brother named Hareendra Varma (also portrayed by Menon), an international criminal wanted for murdering an Italian diamond merchant for a rare diamond that let loose a light pattern on the wall when held up to light. Mahendra had been entrusted with the diamond by Hareendra but Mahendra had wandered off. Hareendra kidnaps the twin teenage daughters of Gopalakrishnan and Stella Fernandez (now living under the alias Lakshmi) and demands the diamond. Mannar Mathai, Balakrishnan, and Gopalakrishnan realize that the bag that the diamond is in is under the possession currently of the local police S.I. and decide to get Kunjumon to resume his alias of Ramji Rao and steal it for them by faking that Nithya is in danger, but complications arise when Garvasees Aashan kidnap Nithya in order to force Gopalakrishnan to accept the lead actress that they pick out.
Step Brothers	American	comedy	Adam McKay	Brennan Huff and Dale Doback are immature adults still living at home. Brennan lives with his divorced mother, Nancy, and Dale lives with his widowed father, Robert. Robert and Nancy meet, fall in love, and get married, forcing Brennan and Dale to live with each other as step brothers. Brennan and Dale despise each other for interfering with their lifestyles. Dale warns Brennan not to touch Dale's drum set, which Brennan later does anyway and is confronted by Dale. Brennan further enrages Dale by rubbing his genitals all over the drum set, and a violent brawl ensues between them. They are grounded for a week following the incident and told they must find jobs within a month, or they will be evicted from the house. When Brennan's younger and more successful brother Derek, the Executive Vice President of a helicopter chartering corporation, comes to visit with his family, he openly ridicules them for their lack of ambition, enticing Dale to punch him in the face. Brennan is awed that Dale stood up to Derek, while Derek's wife Alice (who also resents Derek) finds Dale's courage a turn-on, attempting to begin a sexual affair between the two. Brennan and Dale discover their shared interests and develop a brotherly friendship. Robert schedules several job interviews for Brennan and Dale, in which they perform poorly. Robert and Nancy reveal their plans to retire and sail the world on Robert's boat and allow Derek to sell the house, and they demand that Brennan and Dale attend therapy and find other living arrangements. Dale and Brennan decide to start a large entertainment company, Prestige Worldwide. They present their first music video, which they filmed on Robert's boat, at Derek's birthday party. The presentation backfires when the video shows the boat crashing. Robert is furious and refuses to make an investment. On Christmas Day, Robert announces he and Nancy are getting divorced, causing Brennan and Dale to break down. Blaming each other for the divorce, Brennan and Dale fight, then decide to go their separate ways. Brennan works for Derek's helicopter leasing firm and Dale works for a catering company. Weeks later, Brennan and Dale are fully mature adults and are doing well at their new jobs and living independently. Wanting to reunite the family, Brennan volunteers to oversee the Catalina Wine Mixer for Derek's company and invites Robert and Nancy. They hire the catering company Dale works for. The party is a success, until the lead singer of Uptown Girl, a 1980s Billy Joel tribute band hired to perform at the event, loses his temper with a corporate audience member after he refused to play any pre-80s Billy Joel hits and is rejected. With the stage empty, Derek fires Brennan, blaming him for the debacle, and Robert ultimately encourages Brennan and Dale to be their eccentric child-at-heart selves again. Brennan and Dale take the stage and perform Por Ti Volaré. Derek is so moved by the performance that he and Brennan make amends. Dale ends his relationship with Alice to her dismay. Six months later, Robert and Nancy are back together living in their old house. Brennan and his therapist Denise are in a relationship, while Brennan and Dale have turned Prestige Worldwide into a successful entertainment company that runs karaoke events. Robert has his boat repaired and put on display in the backyard. In a mid-credits scene, Brennan and Dale stand up to a group of bullies from a middle school who abused Dale a year prior. In a post-credits scene, Brennan and Dale sleepwalk once more.
Her Minor Thing	American	comedy	Charlie Matthau	Everything was going fine for hot young 25-year-old Jeana (Estella Warren) until her newscaster boyfriend accidentally revealed on TV that Jeana herself is still a virgin despite being in her mid 20s. Jeana is completely humiliated by this, and adding insult to injury is the fact that the revelation of her virginity has made her a target for every oversexed man in the immediate area, all of them determined to make a real woman out of her. Noting dejectedly that ever since it was revealed that she is a virgin, everyman who looks at her wants a date, all her optimistic romantic ideals have been shattered. Ultimately she cannot salvage her relationship with her newscaster boyfriend, but in the end, she does finally find a man, a photographer, who is decent enough to be the man to whom she finally loses her virginity.
The Rocker	American	comedy	Peter Cattaneo	In the late 1980s, Vesuvius, a fictional heavy metal/glam metal band from Cleveland, Ohio, is on the verge of making it big. The band is offered a recording contract with one condition - they must replace drummer Robert Fish Fishman with the nephew of the president of the record company. After initially refusing, the band caves when their manager tells them they would get to tour as the opening act for Whitesnake. Twenty years later, Vesuvius remains an immensely successful band, while Fish is living a normal life. Matt Gadman, Fish's high school-aged nephew, plays keyboards in an alternative rock band called A.D.D., along with his friends Curtis Powell and Amelia Stone. The band is scheduled to play their school's prom but the gig is in jeopardy when their drummer is suspended from school. Matt convinces the others to allow Fish to fill in, but he ruins the gig when he launches into an impromptu drum solo. However, Fish is so excited by Curtis' songs and the chance to play again, he convinces them to let him join the band if he can deliver another gig. After repeated failed attempts, he finally succeeds in securing a gig at a club in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Because the other members are all minors, they have to sneak out to the gig but are arrested in the process. When Fish is forced out of his sister Lisa's house and rents the basement of his favorite Chinese restaurant, the band invents a new way to practice via four-way iChat. To the dismay of his bandmates, Fish performs in the nude to try and stay cool. The video of the practice is leaked and quickly goes viral under the title of the naked drummer band. The band is signed to a recording contract by the same label as Vesuvius, and are sent on a midwest tour. However, Fish commits stereotypical acts, despite the physical costs on his body, and he vandalizes a hotel room, which once again results in the band's arrest. After bailing them out, Kim, Curtis' mother, promises the other parents she will stay for the remainder of the tour, so their children will not be influenced by Fish's antics. The label asks A.D.D. to open a show for Vesuvius honoring their induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. Fish refuses to play the gig and quits. Curtis eventually convinces him to put aside his resentment towards his former bandmates and play the show. Fish meets Vesuvius before the show to discover they have become vain and arrogant. Fish decides to move on from his past and wishes Vesuvius a great show. Fish and the band perform to a standing ovation. After their gig, Amelia and Curtis, and Fish and Kim both begin a relationship. Vesuvius takes the stage, and during their set the lead singer's microphone falls off the stand while the voice track of their song continues, then one line of the song starts incessantly sounding like a broken record, revealing that they have been lip-syncing. The audience condemns Vesuvius and chants an encore for A.D.D., performing for the crowd once again.
Romantik Komedi	Turkish	comedy	Ketche	Esra, Didem and Zeynep are three close friends who live together, but have very different lives, When Zeynep gets engaged, Esra decides to get away from her job and begin a new life. She gets a job at an advertising company. She becomes interested in the company's Creative Director Mert, while Didem becomes interested in Mert's close friend Cem, who is an actor.
Walk of Shame	American	comedy	Steven Brill	Meghan Miles (Banks) is a field reporter for KZLA6, a Los Angeles-based news station. She has a pristine public image, though she has the odd misfortune of provoking the aggression of any cat she’s near. After she’s rejected for an anchor position with a network news program in favor of a Bay Area reporter with an Asian last name, she laments the news while mourning the departure of her boyfriend Kyle. Having made prior plans with her friends Rose (Jacobs) and Denise (Wright) to go clubbing, she agrees to keep their plans in hopes that it will help her feel better about her situation. She ends up highly intoxicated after several shots of liquor and many more drinks thereafter when she and her friends are invited to join a group of men in a booth. When one of the men invites her to leave with him, she instead leaves on her own, only to be trapped on a fire escape when she exits through a one-way door. She’s rescued by Gordon (Marsden), a part-time bartender at the club and a romantic fiction writer. Meghan ends up going home with Gordon where they play several drinking games so Gordon can get equally as drunk as Meghan, she awakens later in bed with Gordon wearing only her undergarments. After a confrontation with Gordon’s cat, Meghan slips out of his apartment with only her keys and the clothes on her back (including a yellow dress that she borrowed from Denise), and witnesses her car being towed away with her purse inside. Looking for a way home, she startles a sleeping taxi driver who mistakes her request to take her to the impound lot as directions to a strip club. Having no money, the driver demands lap dances as payment and Meghan runs off. She ends up at The Point where Officers Dave (Suplee) and Walter (Burr) interpret her flagging down cars for help as solicitation, and issue her a warning, though they fail to listen to her and render assistance. Meghan continues on where she encounters a crack dealer named Skrilla (Gilliard Jr.) whom she chases back to his crack house when police officers ambush them on the street corner. At the crack house, she meets Skrilla’s friends Hulk (McDonald) and Pookie (McAuley) who offer her one of their phones to call for help, unfortunately she cannot remember anyone’s number except her own, her parent's and Kyle's. Desperate, she phones Kyle for help, but he angrily rejects her, with Meghan discovering during the call that he's already with someone else. When a rival gang attacks the crack house, Pookie escorts Meghan out through a drain pipe and they make a run for it. Before parting ways, Pookie gives her $10 worth of crack that she can hopefully sell or trade for the cash she needs to get home. After attempting to peddle the crack to a rival dealer (Callen), she escapes on a city bus and manages to travel several blocks without paying the fare before the bus driver sprays mace in Meghan’s eyes and ejects her from the bus. After flushing her eyes out from a spigot, she steals a teenager’s bicycle from the public library and heads towards the freeway until Officers Dave and Walter along with the bike owner track her down. She slips into an Asian massage parlor to evade the police and pretends to be a masseuse, incidentally giving a massage to the cabbie from earlier that night. She eludes the police and, stealing a pair of shoes, she sprints all the way to Interstate 10, where she crosses just as the traffic returns after an interruption from road construction. She makes it to the impound lot, only to be denied by the clerk. Sneaking into the gate behind a tow truck, she gets into her car only to find that her purse has been stolen. Distraught, she steals her own vehicle but fails to make it out of the lot when the spike strips blow out all four of her tires, and the gate shuts, wedging her vehicle. Gordon, Rose and Denise arrive in time, giving her a ride back to the station. However, the “Carpocalypse”, previously reported on by Meghan for causing massive traffic congestion on LA freeways, stops their journey short. Meghan calls KZLA’s traffic reporter who arrives in his helicopter to pick her up and deliver her to the station. She arrives in time to go on air, only to find out she’s reporting on her own escapades from the night before. Deciding to set the record straight, she clarifies on all of the misunderstandings and stands up for her actions. The network executives appreciated what they saw and pitch a reality show to her which she holds out on and departs with Gordon. Meanwhile, federal agents raid Kyle's apartment after his phone number is connected to a drug ring; Meghan and Gordon walk home together.
Traci Townsend	American	comedy	Craig Ross, Jr.	A beautiful and successful journalist interviews her three previous boyfriends to find out why they never proposed. Each distinctly different interview comically teaches Traci more about herself than she would care to know.
Hobson's Choice	British	comedy	David Lean	Willie Mossop (John Mills) is a gifted but unappreciated bootmaker employed by the tyrannical Henry Horatio Hobson (Charles Laughton) in his moderately upmarket shop in 1880s Salford in Lancashire. Hard-drinking widower Hobson has three daughters. Maggie (Brenda De Banzie) and her younger sisters Alice (Daphne Anderson) and Vicky (Prunella Scales) have worked in their father's establishment without wages and are eager to be married and free of the shop. Alice has been seeing Albert Prosser (Richard Wattis), a young up-and-coming solicitor, while Vicky prefers Freddy Beenstock (Derek Blomfield), the son of a respectable corn merchant. Hobson does not object to losing Alice and Vicky, but Maggie is far too useful to part with. To his friends, he mocks the plain, severe Maggie as a spinster a bit on the ripe side at 30 years of age. Her pride injured, Maggie bullies the browbeaten, unambitious Willie into an engagement. When Hobson objects to her choice of his own lowly employee as husband and refuses to start paying her, Maggie announces that she and Willie will set up in a shop of their own. For capital, they turn to a satisfied customer for a loan. With money in hand, they are married, and, between Maggie's business sense and Willie's shoemaking genius, the enterprise is successful. Within a year, they have not only paid off their business loan, but have also taken away nearly all of Hobson's clientele. Under Maggie's tutelage, the formerly meek and illiterate Willie has become an educated, self-confident man of business, and he and Maggie have fallen deeply in love. When Hobson's drinking finally catches up with him, Dr. MacFarlane (John Laurie) sends for Maggie. At her urging, Mossop offers to go into partnership with Hobson, on condition that Hobson be only a silent partner. After a tussle over the new name of the business, Hobson agrees.
 I Want Someone to Eat Cheese With	American	comedy	Jeff Garlin	Overweight, depressed improv actor James (Garlin) is a Second City cast member in Chicago. He lives with his mother and cheats on his diet. He quits his acting job on a sleazy television prank show, his girlfriend, Andrea, breaks up with him, and his agent, Herb, dumps him. When he visits his friend's daughter's elementary school for Career Day, he rambles about his problems, boring the kids, and embarrassing himself in front of the teacher, Stella (Hunt). James relaxes in the evenings by lying on the hood of his car parked in a great spot beside Wrigley Field, and during the days by walking around the North Side of Chicago with his friend Luca, appreciating the buildings. While wearing a pirate costume for a hot dog stand, James hears about a Chicago-based remake of Paddy Chayefsky's 1955 Marty, his favorite film, and one that mirrors his adult life. He knows the director but cannot get an audition. After walking out on his Compulsive Eaters Anonymous meeting, James goes to an ice cream parlor, where he meets big-time hottie Beth (Silverman), who recognizes him from Second City and offers him free ice cream. She asks him an obscurely lewd question, which she then cheerfully explains. James, smitten, returns to the shop, where Beth takes him on adventures, including a shopping trip for her to try on underwear. They meet later after one of his comedy performances. One thing leads to another, and Beth volunteers to return to James's (and his mother's) apartment, where they have sex. A day later, Beth succinctly dispatches James when he shows up at her apartment. Beth explains that she had just never been with a fat guy. Meanwhile, his role in Marty is given to a clueless young actor, real-life teen idol Aaron Carter. As the story ends, James moves to his own apartment. He reconnects with Stella, the elementary school teacher, and continues acting.
Please Teacher	British	comedy	Stafford Dickens	On his 30th birthday, unemployed rogue Tommy Deacon (Bobby Howes) inherits his aunt's fortune, but is informed it has been hidden in a bust of Napoleon in a country house he has also inherited. On discovering the house is now an Academy for Young Ladies, Tommy pretends to be the brother of Anne (René Ray), one of the girls, in order to gain admittance.
Meet Me Tonight	British	comedy	Anthony Pelissier	In The Red Peppers, a husband and wife song and dance team (Kay Walsh, Ted Ray) bicker with each other, another performer (Martita Hunt), and the theatre manager (Frank Pettingell). In Fumed Oak, a middle-aged man (Stanley Holloway) finally has enough of his wife, daughter, and mother-in-law (Betty Ann Davies, Dorothy Gordon, and Mary Merrall respectively). Having saved enough money secretly, he announces to his stunned family that he is leaving, never to see them again. In the final segment, Ways and Means, a husband (Nigel Patrick) and his wife (Valerie Hobson) wonder what they will do now that he has gambled away their money, leaving little to pay their debts, especially to Olive (Jessie Royce Landis). They pawn their last few valuable possessions, hoping to win enough in the casino. However, Olive takes the seat the husband was waiting for and proceeds to win a great deal of money. When she gets up, he takes his rightful place and loses all he has. That night, the couple awake to find Olive's chauffeur, Murdoch (Jack Warner), trying to steal from them. After laughing at him (since they have nothing worth the effort), the wife proposes he rob from his employer and split the money with them. Murdoch takes Olive's winnings, but double crosses the couple, only to end up caught by the police.
Penny Paradise	British	comedy	Carol Reed	The film is set in Liverpool, where tugboat captain Joe Higgins (Edmund Gwenn), believing he has won a fortune on the football pools, resigns from his job and throws a party in a local public house where family and friends – some of whom have an eye on a share of the winnings – gather to celebrate his good luck. Higgins pays court to the widow Clegg (Maire O'Neill) who he has been wooing, while his daughter Betty (Betty Driver) is targeted by a chancer who sniffs money. The party grinds to a halt with the arrival of the hapless Pat (Jimmy O'Dea), Higgins' Irish first mate on the tugboat, who is forced to admit that he forgot to post the winning pools coupon. There now seems no reason for celebration, but Higgins is mollified when his former employer offers him the captaincy of the best tugboat on the River Mersey, a position to which he had long aspired. The action of the film is interspersed with several musical numbers performed by Driver and one by O'Dea. While O'Dea's song is clearly provided for comic effect, those sung by Driver are presented straight.
Characterz	American	comedy	Jon Binkowski	The story begins in medias res with Tucker being arrested while in costume, and then the bulk of the rest of the story is told as a buildup to that event. Tucker Ostrowski recently graduated from a college in central Florida with an Associate of Arts degree, and is accepted to California Institute of the Arts, as he wants to go into music creation, animation, or theme park design. However, his parents recently filed for personal bankruptcy, so he cannot count on their money to pay for tuition. So, he needs to get a job to pay his own way, but has a criminal record because of a charge of vandalism in his teenage years. He just has to do community service, and expect it to be expunged from his record in two months, but the big parks in the area all do background checks. He looks into other jobs without success before finding that the amusement park Old Time Fun Town is hiring. He goes to the theme park and is accepted on the spot from Mr. Lloyd, the hiring manager, with literally no questions asked, and Tucker isn't even sure what job he has accepted at first. He finds he has accepted a job as a theme park mascot, Hoppy the Kangaroo, and immediately meets two-week-long veteran Jerry, a former high school mascot performer, who is working as Cap'n Jack's Parrot. Given the low budget nature of the park, Tucker is sent out to interact with the patrons immediately. With no training, he finds he has to learn the job as he goes, but finds that he is enjoying the work regardless. At lunchtime, Tucker meets Stu, who performs as Paws the Pink Polar Bear. Tucker, Stu, and Jerry discuss park operations. The park general manager, Benjamin Fletcher, is a vaguely shady but oddly affable manager who knows all the employees by name. It's also well-known that he plays poker with some notorious types but Tucker is grateful for the job and thinks nothing of it. The second day on the job, before starting work, Jerry and Tucker watch news but ignore mention of a string of daring daylight robberies where the perpetrators are elaborately disguised. Jerry has to go off to advertise for the park before it opens and relieve Sam, who comes to the break room dressed as Bowser the Bulldog. Tucker helps Sam get out of costume and is surprised to learn that Sam is short for Samantha, not Samuel as he assumed. Sam works part time at the park, and her other job is working at the Haven House. Mr. Fletcher wants to address the entire staff. He informs the park staff that when he joined park management the previous summer, he promised to increase attendance and profits by offering quality games, rides, food, and merchandise. The end result was that the park had about the same attendance as the year before. He hopes to get attendance and profits up through entertainment. The park was successful when Hoppy was first introduced 15 years before, but the original performer died 12 years ago and the character was retired, and there were no costumed performers in the park since. Fletcher says that he plans to boost attendance by reintroducing Hoppy and several other costumed performers. He then reveals that in addition to the four characters based on off-the-shelf costumes purchased from MaskUS, Inc., he has had the in-house art director Don Cluff design a large custom-made Doby Mick blue whale costume to support their marketing push. However, the costume proves too large and unwieldy for the current four performers, so Benjamin Fletcher pulls in a favor and gets Franklin Jefferson Washington to wear the costume. He was a professional basketball player that got injured, then became the team's mascot, then was poached by Disney to play one of their tall characters, and then retired from that to start his own delivery business, likely selling drugs. The new character is a big hit with crowds and a huge draw. A few days later at Old Time Fun Town, the park employees practice for a Fourth of July parade. When it comes to the actual parade, it is extremely lackluster and takes less than a minute to pass. After a hard day at work, Sam suggests that Tucker visit her at her other job at the Haven House and get a new perspective on the job. He finds that the house is a haven for retired people with various health and mental problems who cannot live independently. One of the people at the home is Lyle, a reclusive old man. Tucker is left alone with him and in attempting to strike up a conversation, he explains that he costumes as a kangaroo. Lyle explains that he was attacked by a kangaroo two nights ago who came up to him while he was at an ATM and robbed him of $400. A few days later at the Haven House, Tucker shows Sam several rough animations he has made. Sam tells Tucker she got accepted into an adult-gerontological nurse practitioner program in Los Angeles. Tucker still wants to go to California Institute of the Arts, but is still extremely far from that goal financially. He explains why he wants to go there, and excitedly explains his plans. Sam points out that the seniors at Haven House never feel the sort of joy most people feel at an amusement park anymore, as their health problems severely limit their mobility. Soon after, back at work Tucker learns Sam is spending a week in California to tour the campus. Stu is going to a cosplay convention over the weekend, leaving just Tucker and Jerry to cover the park schedule. Tucker has to cover for Stu for an offsite event at a private party that specifically requested the bird and polar bear costumes. Tucker is wary of covering for him, as Stu is known to be the sweatiest of the group, and Paws the Pink Polar Bear reeks even after intense cleaning, and Tucker won't have time to even attempt to clean it. Tucker and Jerry arrive at the party and are told that all they have to do are greet the guests. They both learn that it's actually a furry party, and after they are done greeting guests, check around back to see what goes on at that sort of party. They are surprised to find it is a very tame and normal party. Back in the car, they see a police car speeding past, and checking the radio and find that the sixth in a string of robberies occurred, with this one being a bank heist. In Tucker's free time, Tucker has started a personal project of creating entertainment for the seniors at the Haven House, despite his parents having pawned or sold almost all their tools. Tucker buys new power tools, but as his parents’ financial situation becomes even more dire, his parents lose electricity, leaving him to attempt work by himself with hand tools. Tucker lets Jerry in on his plan, and he suggests getting help from the landscaping crew. They agree to help, and suggest using a large variety of construction supplies and old props that Old Time Fun Town has had in storage for decades. Tucker and Jerry also find the original head of Hoppy, and backup costumes for the rest of the characters, including Paws the Polar Bear. When Sam returns from her trip and goes to the Haven House, Tucker reveals that he designed and helped build a Tunnel of Love for the seniors, designed to be ridden in wheel chairs. The next day while working Tucker is arrested in costume, as well as Jerry, Sam, and Stu. They all assume that they are arrested for borrowing the items from the warehouse, as they did not inform Benjamin Fletcher of their plan. When they are questioned at the station, the detective shows them videos from the recent crime spree, which show people dressed in their same costumes committing robberies. However, all of their alibis check out and they are free to go, except for Stu, who is kept for further questioning and released later. Jerry suspects that the people in the costumes worked for park operations. Tucker, Jerry, and Sam know that if they can get the backup costumes from the park's warehouse to the police, the police can test the sweat in the costumes. Since none of them have worn those sets of costumes, they can get the sweat in the costumes matched to the park employees to discover whoever was trying to use them as patsies to be blamed for the crimes. However, Tucker, Jerry, and Sam suspect that the warehouse will be watched closely, and enlist the help of the seniors from the Haven House to help distract park operations so they can remove the costumes from the warehouse. However, despite the distractions, half of park operations is already there, about to take the duplicate costumes to the incinerator. Jerry reveals that Stu told Benjamin Fletcher of his suspicions, but Mr. Fletcher arrives and reveals that he was the mastermind behind the whole plan, and park operations engaged with the crimes with his blessings so he could take a cut of the money, though bank robbing was too extreme for him. The park operations employees approach Tucker, Jerry, and Sam to restrain them, but George the Janitor arrives and beats them back. The police detective enters and stops the fight. The entire park operations team is taken in for questioning, as well as Benjamin Fletcher. The police also take the costumes as evidence, so the performers make do by buying other off the shelf costumes or borrowing them from friends, though Tucker is able to use the original Hoppy the Kangaroo costume, as that one wasn’t worn by anyone in 12 years. After the summer is over, Stu starts a furry cosplay costume company and brings on Tucker's parents as sales agents. Jerry gets a promotion to director of entertainment at the park and the next summer creates a hit musical on Fletcher's old stage. Sam goes off to California for college, and Tucker is able to go to the California Institute of the Arts, as the grateful seniors at the Haven House all pitch in for a college fund.
Fresh from the Farm	American	comedy	Hal Roach	A farm youth goes to college, pursues the pretty co-eds and joins a fraternity.
Lady Windermere's Fan	American	comedy	Ernst Lubitsch	In London, Lady Margaret Windermere is busy discouraging Lord Darlington's flirting, while her husband receives a letter from Edith Erlynne, a complete stranger, asking to meet him on a urgent matter. A woman of great beauty but terrible reputation, she reveals that she is the mother of Lady Windermere, who believes she is dead and reveres her memory. Fearing that his wife would be crushed by the truth and seeing a pile of bills on Mrs. Erlynne's desk, Lord Windermere gives her a cheque for ₤1500 for her silence. Mrs. Erlynne resumes her scandalous lifestyle. At a horse race, she attracts the attention of many, including members of the Windermere party, notably Lord Augustus Lorton, London's most distinguished bachelor, and three snoopy, gossipy women. As Lord Windermere defends Mrs. Erlynne to the latter, his wife becomes a bit concerned. Mrs. Erlynne leaves. Lorton follows and is soon calling on her regularly. For Lady Windermere's birthday, her husband gives her jewelry and a lovely fan. When he leaves the mansion, she and Darlington by chance see him dismiss his chauffeur and take a taxi instead. Darlington then tells her that Mrs. Erlynne's name may be found in her husband's cheque book and declares his love for her. Meanwhile, Mrs. Erlynne blackmails Lord Windermere into an invitation to a ball that night, explaining that such social recognition might help elicit a marriage proposal from Lord Lorton. When he returns home, his wife confronts him with his copy of the ₤1500 cheque, which she found after breaking into his locked desk drawer. He tells her he only helped a deserving woman in need, but she becomes further infuriated when he informs her that Mrs. Erlynne will be coming to their ball that night. Faced with his wife's strong opposition, he sends a note to Mrs. Erlynne, asking her not to come. She does not open it, assuming it is her invitation, and goes to the ball. She is not on the guest list, but then Lord Lorton arrives, and she uses him to gain entry. She induces a reluctant Lord Windermere to formally introduce her to his wife. This awkward moment does not go unnoticed, and gossip quickly spreads. However, Mrs. Erlynne adroitly flatters the chief gossiper, and soon she is accepted by the other women guests. Unaware of this, Lady Windermere flees to the garden. She then thinks that she sees Mrs. Erlynne flirting with her husband. In fact, she is talking to Lorton, who asks Mrs. Erlynne to marry him. Mrs. Erlynne spots Lady Windermere and tries to clear up any confusion, but Lady Windermere will not listen. Instead, she flees to Darlington's house, though the man is still at her party. Mrs. Erlynne finds her farewell note to her husband and takes it away. At Darlington's house, she tries to persuade Lady Windermere to go home, telling her that she ruined her life in exactly the same manner. Then Darlington arrives, accompanied by Lord Windermere and some other men, the ball having ended. The two women hide in another room, but Lady Windermere forgets her fan on a sofa. Lord Windermere demands that Lord Darlington explain what his wife's fan is doing there. Mrs. Erlynne comes out and apologizes for having taken it by mistake. All the guests, notably Lord Lorton, leave. Meanwhile Lady Windermere leaves the house unseen. The following day at breakfast, Mrs. Erlynne comes to return the fan and take leave of the Windermeres, as she is going back to France. Lady Windermere wants to tell her husband what really happened the day before, but Mrs. Erlynne dissuades her. On her way out, Mrs. Erlynne encounters Lord Lorton and tells him that she was shocked by his behavior the previous evening and that she no longer wants to marry him. He is flabbergasted, but after thinking it over, follows her into her taxi.
The Rounders	American	comedy	Charlie Chaplin	A drunk reveller (Chaplin) returns home to a scolding from his wife. Then his equally inebriated neighbor (Arbuckle) goes home to a cold reception from his wife. When the first couple hear the physical altercation across the hall (the second man starts strangling his wife after she hits him), the reveller's wife sends him to investigate. The two men flee together and end up in a cafe, where they also cause trouble. When their spouses track them down, they escape, this time to a leaky rowboat. Safely out of reach of their wives, they fall asleep, oblivious to the rising water into which they eventually disappear.
Luv Shuv Tey Chicken Khurana	Bollywood	comedy	Sameer Sharma	Omi Khurana’s London dream has just ended. On the run from a dangerous UK gangster to whom he owes money, Omi returns to his native village in Punjab, pretending to be a well-heeled London lawyer. Much has changed since Omi ran away from home a decade back after stealing money from his doting grandfather, Daarji. The old man has since become senile and more importantly, forgotten the secret recipe of Chicken Khurana, a dish that made the Khurana dhaba (restaurant) famous across Punjab. Omi’s childhood sweetheart Harman is soon to be married to his cousin, Jeet, though neither seems too happy about it. Adding to the quirkiness of the Khurana family is a freeloader uncle, Titu, who once did a stint at a mental asylum. Omi's grandfather has a cousin sister who ran away from home at an early age and is now a saint. When his grandfather dies on his last visit to his restaurant, Omi tries to restore their family restaurant with Harman's help. While working in the restaurant, the two reconcile and start to have feelings for each other. Meanwhile, Omi discovers the secret ingredient from his grandfather's famous chicken recipe was a narcotic herbal medicine but keeps it a secret. When the family comes together, Jeet surprises everybody by revealing his love for a Bengali war-widow, Shama, and his secret daughter with her. Omi and Harman decide to get married. In the end, the whole family seems happy and celebrating when the gangster from whom Omi is hiding comes looking for him and is revealed to be Titu's long-lost friend.
Mickey	American	comedy	F. Richard Jones, James Young	Mickey (Normand) is an adult orphan who has been raised since girlhood in poverty near Feather River, California by an unsuccessful miner, Joe Meadows, and his housekeeper, Minnie. Mickey is the free-spirited, uncultured daughter of the miner's deceased partner. Meadows took charge of Mickey at his dying partner's request. Mickey is sent to live in Great Neck, Long Island--part of suburban New York City--with her aunt (Mrs. Geoffrey Drake) and her family. Mrs. Drake is under the impression that Mickey is wealthy and well refined. When Mickey arrives at her aunt's luxurious home, the aunt is disappointed that she is not well-to-do and puts her to work as a servant. Mickey's presence there sparks an awkward love triangle involving her, her cousin (Elsie Drake), and young mining executive Herbert Thornhill (Wheeler Oakman) whom Mickey first encountered in California. Just after Mickey is sent packing, a telegram arrives for her announcing that a vein has been struck on Joe's Tomboy mine and she is suddenly worth millions. Mrs. Drake's opinion of Mickey changes quickly and she is welcomed back--in the hope she and Reggie Drake will become a couple. Herbert had recently proposed to Elsie, but realizes he truly loves Mickey. Shortly afterward, Herbert receives a telegram from his lawyer, Tom Rawlings, explaining that his mining claims are now invalid and thus worthless. Elsie and Mrs. Drake find the telegram and call off the wedding because Herbert is now bankrupt. Herbert tries to regain his fortune by borrowing $5,000 and betting it on a horse race. The race is rigged--and Mickey finds out about the plot. Just as the race is about to begin, Mickey dresses in jockey silks, unhorses the crooked jockey, and tries to win the race by riding it for Herbert. Just as it appears Mickey's horse will win, she falls from her mount. Some time later Mickey reluctantly goes horseback riding with Reggie who tries to molest her in an abandoned house. Herbert arrives on the scene, battles Reggie, and rescues Mickey as she is dangling dangerously from the rooftop. Mickey and Herbert are married. As they depart on their honeymoon, a note arrives from lawyer Rawlings explaining the earlier telegram about his mining interests being worthless was a ruse designed to get Herbert out of his loveless engagement to Elsie Drake. The film ends with both Mickey and Herbert happily in love, wed, and exceedingly wealthy.
There Goes The Bride	British	comedy	Albert de Courville	Running away from an arranged marriage, businessman's daughter Annette (Jessie Matthews) boards a train to Paris, only to have her bag stolen, and then herself suspected of theft by Max (Owen Nares), a wealthy young man sharing her carriage. Annette insists she was robbed, but cannot go into further detail because her picture is all over the newspapers, and she needs to escape. Max refuses to let her out of his sight until she can better explain, which she says she promises to do after 24 hours have passed. Farcical situations ensue, involving Max's fiance Cora (Carol Goodner), and all the while Max and Annette are falling in love.
Advocate Lakshmanan - Ladies Only ( അഡ്വക്കേറ്റ്‌ ലക്ഷ്മണൻ - ലേഡീസ്‌ ഒൺലി )	Malayalam	comedy	Pappan Payattuvila	In this film, Mukesh plays the role of Advocate Lakshmanan, a specialist in divorce cases who appears in court only on behalf of women. His intentions are to help helpless women and he also runs a pickle company named 'Ladies Only', where he employs the women who find themselves alone after divorce. Lakshmanan frequently gets calls from an unknown lady congratulating him after every win in court. Initially he is frustrated by these calls but later starts enjoying her calls. He later understands that this girl is ‘Annie’ (Mallika Kapoor), a college lecturer in a city college and she is being threatened by a guy named Alex (ashokan), who always calls her on the phone. Alex even kidnaps the girl from where Lakshmanan saves her. Lakshmanan soon marries her in an attempt that he thinks will save the girl as well. When he wakes up the next morning, he find that Annie is missing. He gets a call from Alex who says Annie is with him. When Lakshmanan reaches the place which Alex says the understand that Annie is the sister-in-law of Alex, both of whom have a grudge against Lakshmanan because he was behind the divorce case of Alex and his wife. Alex's wife was found dead after a few days of marriage and they all blame it on Lakshmanan. A few days later, Alex is hospitalized following a murder attempt and Lakshmanan starts investigating on this and finds that Alex's business partner is behind the murder of Alex's wife. Also a now reformed Lakshmanan realizes his folly in separating a lot of couples.
Big Momma's House 2	American	comedy	John Whitesell	Malcolm Turner (Martin Lawrence) has been assigned a desk job in public relations as an FBI agent, since he wants to live with his new wife, Sherry Pierce (Nia Long), during her delivery for the couple's new baby boy. Meanwhile, an incident occurs in Orange County, California, where Malcolm's old friend, Doug Hudson (Kirk B.R. Woller), has been killed while he was going undercover. FBI agent Kevin Keneally (Zachary Levi) is doing surveillance on a former U.S. Army military intelligence specialist named Tom Fuller (Mark Moses), who has since retired and is working for a private corporation called National Agenda Software. The FBI has soon discovered that Tom is developing a computer worm which will create backdoors into the databases of all the branches of the U.S. government. Affected by his friend's death, Malcolm asks FBI chief, Crawford (Dan Lauria), to put him on the case, but Crawford refuses and tells him to stay away for safety analysis. By eavesdropping via the webcam, Malcolm finds out that the FBI is sending one of the agents to infiltrate Fuller's house as a nanny. Giving Sherry the pretext of attending a safety conference in Phoenix, Arizona, Malcolm leaves for Orange County and takes the Big Momma costume with him. Malcolm reprises his disguise as Big Momma from the original film and showing up at Fuller's house as Mrs. Fuller (Emily Procter) is interviewing several other candidates. Big Momma eliminates the three other applicants for the nanny position by pointing out the sexually attractive qualities of the first, the drug use of the second, and the FBI Agent's concealed firearm of the third. Big Momma meets the three Fuller children: Molly (Kat Dennings), Carrie (Chloë Grace Moretz), and Andrew. After failing to perform the housekeeping tasks assigned to her, Big Momma is fired, and works all night cleaning up and makes a large breakfast. Upon seeing it the next day, Mrs. Fuller changes her mind when the family awakes to find this. Big Momma is soon accepted within the household and becomes a daily part of their lives. His tasks include accompanying Mrs. Fuller to the spa, taking the family to the beach, watching out for trouble, and simply playing a game of bingo as part of her routine. After Big Momma finds out the password from Tom, Molly calls him who tells her that she needs her at a nightclub. Big Momma goes at once, only to find that Molly was lured by Fuller's bosses, who kidnaps her and Big Momma. Big Momma and Molly are tied up and placed in the back of the van. Big Momma has a switchblade, which Molly reaches for and uses to free them. He sees that they are at the waterfront and witnesses Tom giving a disc to a man who puts it in his laptop and is granted full access to FBI data. Big Momma gets on a jet ski and jumps it onto the dock, sending it into two men, and landing on one himself. Big Momma helps Tom and they attempt to escape, but one of the men shot him. The FBI shows up, and Keneally gave Malcolm the handcuffs to put on Tom, but Malcolm tells the agent in charge that Tom's family was threatened, and that no charges should be filed. Malcolm and Keneally agree, and the case is closed. Sometime later, Big Momma goes to the girls' state cheerleading championships. Their stuntwoman broke her leg, and Big Momma helps them out by doing the routine and winning the competition. He later leaves and gives the family a farewell letter saying he must go on, but to look out, because one day he might be back.
Full of It	American	comedy	Christian Charles	Sam Leonard is the new kid at Bridgeport High School, joining for the last year. On his first day, he is humiliated by the school jock Kyle Plunkett, becomes friends with Annie Dray, and falls in love with Kyle's girlfriend Vicki Sanders. When he goes to the guidance counselor for guidance, the counselor gives him the advice to lie to get the other kids to like him. Sam tells lies like I drive a Porsche, My dad's a rock star, My dog ate my homework, I never miss a shot (at basketball) and that Vicki Sanders and his English teacher Mrs. Moran are lusting after him. That night, after an argument with his parents, he accidentally breaks the mirror behind his door. The next morning, Sam finds his dog actually eating his homework, he has a Porsche, he never misses a shot, and Mrs. Moran and Vicki Sanders are after him. Now he must find a way to fix what he's created.
Hot Tub Time Machine 2	American	comedy	Steve Pink	Five years after the events of the first film, Lou Dorchen and Nick Webber have become rich and famous, with Lou becoming a multi-billionaire and Nick being a successful music singer. At Lou's celebratory party, Lou is shot in the groin. Jacob (Lou's son) and Nick drag him to the hot tub time machine and activate it in order to travel back in time to find and stop the killer. When they wake up, they find themselves ten years into the future, where Jacob is in charge of Lou's mansion. After determining that they are in an alternate timeline where Lou's killer is from this future, they go to their friend Adam Yates's home, only to meet his son Adam Yates Stedmeyer (Adam Jr.) who is engaged to a girl named Jill. Lou suspects his nemesis Gary Winkle is the killer, however, he learns Gary actually made his own fortune off of some land Lou could have bought. They party at Gary's nightclub, where Adam Jr. takes hallucinogens for the first time. The next day, they attend the popular television game show Choozy Doozy, where contestant Nick is required to have virtual reality sex with a man. As Lou suggested the idea, he is obligated to participate, but uses his lifeline to switch with Adam Jr. Jacob becomes disillusioned with the misadventures and leaves the group to get drunk at Gary's club and to then commit suicide by jumping off an extremely high building. Lou makes amends with him and prevents his suicide. When the guys see a news report where Brad, an employee of Lougle, invents nitrotrinadium, the ingredient that activates the hot tub time machine, they suspect he is the killer. At Adam Jr's wedding, Jacob talks with Brad and realizes he is not the killer but that he invented the chemical after being inspired by Lou's words. Jill, who is upset about Adam Jr's partying, has sex with Lou, but when Adam Jr. finds out, he steals the nitrotrinadium and goes back to the past. Jacob, Nick and Lou return to the mansion, but are too late to stop Adam Jr. As the guys sit in defeat, Jacob realizes that because the chemical has appeared in the past, it now exists in the future. They return to the present and stop Adam Jr. from shooting Lou after Lou apologizes to him. Following this, Nick apologizes to Courtney as Lou tells his wife he wants to go to rehab for his drug addictions. Adam Jr. meets Jill for the first time. The more optimistic Jacob approaches Sophie (his girlfriend in the future) and convinces her to join him in a relationship. As Lou, Nick, Jacob, and Adam Jr. return to the hot tub, Lou's head is shot off by a Lou (or Adam Sr. in the Unrated version) dressed in a minuteman costume. Patriot Lou informs them there are multiple Lous anyway and invites them to make America happen. During the closing credits, the guys are seen exploiting the time machine to change history.
This Is 40	American	comedy	Judd Apatow	While having sex in the shower Pete reveals to his wife Debbie that he took a Viagra given to him by his friend Barry (Rob Smigel); this enrages Debbie and they stop. Debbie is angered that she is turning 40. In the five years since Knocked Up, Debbie owns a boutique with Desi (Megan Fox) and Jodi (Charlyne Yi) working for her. Pete owns his own record label, with his friends Ronnie (Chris O'Dowd) and Cat (Lena Dunham) working with him. Pete's business is struggling financially as he promotes the reunion of Graham Parker & The Rumour. The couple also are having to deal with their daughters; Sadie, a young teenager, and eight-year-old Charlotte. For Debbie's birthday, the couple goes on a romantic weekend to a resort. There they get high from eating marijuana cookies, and fantasize out loud about ways they would kill each other. After speaking with her friends Jason (Jason Segel) and Barb (Annie Mumolo), Debbie decides to improve her marriage and family through exercise, and becoming more connected with her parents. Debbie tells Pete that he needs to stop lending his dad, Larry (Albert Brooks), money, because it is hurting them financially. Pete goes to visit him, but is unsuccessful at giving him the news, and still agrees to give him money. Meanwhile, Debbie visits her gynecologist (Tim Bagley), and discovers that she is pregnant. She decides not to tell Pete about this. Later, she yells at a student, Joseph (Ryan Lee), who has been taunting Sadie. She yells at him so much that his mother, Catherine (Melissa McCarthy), gets into an argument with Pete. One night between the school taunting sequences, Debbie takes Desi out dancing at a club, planning to confront her with her suspicions that she has been stealing money from the store. Debbie and Desi meet several players from the Philadelphia Flyers hockey team at the pub. Debbie awkwardly finds out that one of the players wants to hang out with her and possibly sleep with her. She is proud that he wants to have sex with her, but admits that she is married, has two kids, and is pregnant. Afterwards, Debbie drops Desi off at her house and confronts her about the missing money. Desi reveals she is able to afford nice things because she is also an escort. Later, Debbie meets up with Jodi, who confesses that she stole the money to buy Oxycontin. Debbie fires her and leaves. Meanwhile, Pete and Debbie are having to deal with Sadie and Charlotte fighting all the time, which results in arguments between the family. They later have a meeting with the principal, but the couple denies everything that happened. The couple is overjoyed when Catherine starts using the same language they used previously and the principal dismisses them. On Pete's 40th birthday party, he argues with his dad about the money he wants from them. Debbie argues with her dad about not spending enough time in her life, and how his is perfect. Oliver then explains that his life is not perfect, and how he has always cared about her and loved her. Later, Pete overhears Debbie talking about her pregnancy, and rides out of the house on his bicycle in anger. Debbie and Larry then go after Pete, trying to find him. Soon, they find that he wrecked after hitting his head on a car door. Pete then gets into an argument with the driver of the car who then punches him in the stomach. Debbie and Larry take Pete to the hospital, where Larry and Debbie reconcile, with Larry advising Debbie that it's because of her, that she keeps the family together. Debbie and Pete talk later and Pete explains that he is actually thrilled about having a third baby, and that he doesn't feel trapped, so the two reconcile. Sometime later, Pete and Debbie are watching a small concert with Ryan Adams performing. Debbie then suggests that Pete should sign him to his label and plan to talk to him as they finish watching the show.[4] After the main credits roll, there's an extended alternate take of Catherine ad-libbing insults during the conversation with Debbie, Pete, and the principal.
The Castle	Australian	comedy	Rob Sitch	The Kerrigan home, in the outer Melbourne blue-collar suburb of Coolaroo, is filled with love as well as pride in their modest lifestyle, but their happiness is threatened when developers attempt the compulsory acquisition of their house to expand the neighbouring airport. The Kerrigan house is built in a largely undeveloped housing tract, on a toxic landfill, and directly adjacent to an airport runway. Despite all this, sweet-natured family patriarch Darryl (Michael Caton) believes that he lives in the lap of luxury. Blissfully unaware of his family's lack of style or sophistication, he busies himself by driving a tow truck, racing greyhounds, and constantly adding tacky renovations to the house. The rest of the Kerrigan clan shares and supports his enthusiasm in every way. One day, a property valuer arrives to inspect the house. Though he has no wish to sell, Darryl points out all the features of the property, believing they'll add value to the appraisal. A few weeks later, he receives a letter informing him of the compulsory acquisition of his house for the sum of $70,000. His neighbours (elderly Jack, divorcee Yvonne, and Farouk and Tabulah, recent immigrants from Lebanon) all receive similar notices. Believing on common principle that the government cannot evict him unwillingly from his treasured home, Darryl attempts to fight the eviction. Agents from the airport try to bribe and bully the family into giving up, but their actions only stiffen the Kerrigans' resolve. Darryl hires an incompetent lawyer acquaintance, Dennis Denuto (Tiriel Mora), but Dennis's meagre argument that the eviction goes against the vibe of the Constitution does not go well in court. While awaiting the court's final decision, Darryl makes pleasant small talk with a man whom he meets outside the courthouse, Lawrence Hammill (Bud Tingwell), who has come to watch his son (a barrister) perform in court. The court rejects the family's appeal and gives them two weeks to vacate. The purchase price for the home is scarcely enough to cover a small apartment. Dejected in defeat, the family begins to pack. A new breath of hope comes with the surprise arrival of Lawrence, who reveals himself as a retired Queen's Counsel. Lawrence has taken an interest in the Kerrigans' case and offers to argue before the High Court of Australia on their behalf, gratis. Lawrence makes a persuasive case that the Kerrigans have the right to just terms of compensation for acquisition of property under Section 51(xxxi) of the Australian Constitution. He closes by paraphrasing Darryl's own comments that his house is more than just a structure of bricks and mortar, but a home built with love and shared memories. The court rules in favour of the Kerrigans, and their case becomes a landmark precedent on the subject. An epilogue shows that the Kerrigans continue to prosper happily, and Lawrence becomes a lasting friend of the family.
Patricia Gets Her Man	British	comedy	Reginald Purdell	In an effort to attract a film star a woman pays another man to pretend to be a suitor in order to provoke jealously in the star. However, she soon begins to fall in love with her hired partner.
Hot Water	American	comedy	Fred C. Newmeyer	Episodic in nature (effectively three short films merged into one), the first episode features Hubby winning a live turkey in a raffle and taking it home on a crowded streetcar, much to the chagrin of the other passengers. The second features Hubby grudgingly taking the family en masse out on his brand new Butterfly Six automobile, and the third is an escapade with his sleepwalking mother-in-law.
Mere Dost Picture Abhi Baki Hai	Bollywood	comedy	Rajnish Raj Thakur	Picture Abhi Baki Hai is the journey of Amar Joshi (Sunil Shetty) who runs a video library in banaras and aspires to be a film maker. Despite facing objection from his father Amar Joshi decides to sell his video library and joins a film Institute in London. After completing his course he lands in the city of dreams Mumbai to make his film. Suraj (Rajpal Yadav) is a struggling actor doing bit roles in T.V. serials, who Is Amar's only connection in Bollywood. Amar Joshi starts his struggle to make his film by meeting different type of producers who have their own take on Amar's story. After many failed attempts He finally bumps into Monty Chadda (Rakesh Bedi) a P.R. Publicity man who sees good potential in Amar and decides to produce his film. Amar & Monty take help of star secretary Guptaji (Akhil Mishra) to convince Mohini (Udita Goswami) & her starry mother Mummyji (Neena Gupta) who agrees to do the film. Amar's film starts, But is stalled all of a sudden when Monty suddenly disappears. Amar is summoned by Sudama Bhosle (Deepak Shirke) a don who was financing his film. He wants Amar to complete his film and also wants him to cast his girlfriend Tina (Mummait Khan) Amar reluctantly agrees as he has no option. But as luck would have it Sudama Bhosle is shot dead and Amar's film is stalled once again. Monty Chaddha resurfaces again and decides to make Amar's Film into a magnum opus. so a veteran silver jubilee writer Mr. Baig (Om Puri) is brought on board. Once in, Mr. Baig takes over the reins of the film from Amar and changes it into a totally different film. What follows is a chain of events which gives the audience a never seen before insight into the modus operadi of how films are generally made in Bollywood. In a nutshell, Picture Abhi Baki Hai will take you on a wild journey inside the dreamy world of Bollywood where you will see the reality of the largest film industry of the world. It won't just make you laugh; it will make you appreciate the efforts of those who try to entertain you every minute.
King Liar	Malayalam	comedy	Lal	Sathyanarayan (Dileep) is a compulsive liar, who lies to his love interest Anjali that he is the managing director of a big firm, while instead he makes duplicate certificates with his roommate and friend Antappan. Into their lives comes Anand Varma (Lal), a Dubai- based rich fashion tycoon, who is on the verge of divorce with his wife Devika Varma (Asha Sarath). Meanwhile, Sathyanarayan realizes that Anjali is his childhood friend. Anand does not want to lose Devika, so he hires Sathyanarayan to persuade Devika to step back from the divorce. Sathyan and Antappan fly to Dubai to join the company which is now owned by Devika. The first time, Devika kicks Sathyan out of the company, but later had to let him join. Amazed by Sathyan's business tricks, Devika later promotes him as the Assistant Manager. As Devika was planning to appoint someone representing Devika in the Asian Beauty Contest, Sathyan persuades Anand to pick Anjali as his model. Devika finally finds Natasha as her representative, but Sathyan persuades Natasha to reunite Anand and Devika. In the end, Anjali wins the competition after explaining the consequences of being divorced in the Intelligence round, and Anand and Devika reunite. Anjali, after the competition, visits Sathyan who says his real name is Naran to Anjali. Sathyan confesses that Anjali is his childhood friend, and they both reunite.
Rangappa Hogbitna	Kannada	comedy	M. L. Prasanna	The film is a laugh riot telling the story of an almost dying old man named Rangappa.
Ayal Njanalla	Malayalam	comedy	Vineeth Kumar	This film revolves around a youth named Prakashan, who moved to Gujarat 15 years ago.[7] Prakashan (Fahadh Faasil) works as an assistant to his uncle (T G Ravi) who runs a decrepit tire shop at Kutch. Having moved to Gujarat years back, Prakashan nurtures a dream of marrying Esha (Mrudula Murali) and of paying off his uncle's debts. Hoping to sell off his ancestral property in Kerala, Parakshan heads to Bangalore to meet an old school mate Arun (Jins Baskar), where he is mistaken for the celebrity Fahadh Faasil (played by himself).
Housefull	Malayalam	comedy	Linson Antony	The movie follows Ananthan (Tini Tom), a 36-year-old police constable who has experienced multiple failures at trying to find a woman to marry. He eventually meets and marries Emily (Jyothirmayi), a textile worker, much to the chagrin of both of their families. The couple tried for a baby in the hopes of placating their family, but were unable to conceive and began a series of fertility treatments. Initially overjoyed when the treatments are successful, Ananthan and Emily are shocked to discover that she was now pregnant with quadruplets.[6]
Sherlock, Jr.	American	comedy	Buster Keaton	A movie theater projectionist and janitor (Buster Keaton) is in love with a beautiful girl (Kathryn McGuire). However, he has a rival, the local sheik (Ward Crane). Neither has much money. The projectionist buys a $1 box of chocolates, all he can afford, and changes the price to $4 before giving it and a ring to her. The sheik steals and pawns the girl's father's pocket watch for $4. With the money, he buys a $3 box of chocolates for the girl. When the father notices his watch is missing, the sheik slips the pawn ticket into the projectionist's pocket unnoticed. The projectionist, studying to be a detective, offers to solve the crime, but when the pawn ticket is found in his pocket, he is banished from the girl's home. While showing a film about the theft of a pearl necklace, the projectionist falls asleep and dreams that he enters the movie as a detective, Sherlock Jr. The other actors are replaced by the projectionist's real acquaintances. The dream begins with the theft being committed by the villain (played by the local sheik) with the aid of the butler (played by the hired man). The girl's father calls for the world's greatest detective, and Sherlock Jr. arrives. Fearing that they will be caught, the villain and the butler attempt to kill Sherlock through several traps, poison, and an elaborate pool game with an exploding 13 ball. When these fail, the villain and butler try to escape. Sherlock Jr. tracks them down to a warehouse but is outnumbered by the gang that the villain was selling the necklace to. During the confrontation, Sherlock discovers that they have kidnapped the girl. With the help of his assistant, Gillette, Sherlock Jr. manages to escape this situation, save the girl, and defeat the gang. When he awakens, the girl shows up to tell him that she and her father learned the identity of the real thief after she went to the pawn shop to see who actually pawned the pocket watch. As a reconciliation scene happens to be playing on the screen, the projectionist mimics the actor's romantic behavior.
What Happened to Harkness?	British	comedy	Milton Rosmer	The murder of a miser is investigated by a village policeman.
Hogan's Alley	American	comedy	Roy Del Ruth	Although he wins the championship by a knockout, prizefighter Lefty O'Brien is not a happy man because he broke his left hand on the jaw of his opponent, who ended up seriously hurt. Lefty has a girlfriend, Patsy, but her father is opposed to their getting married. When she is treated for an injury by Dr. Franklin, he also attempts to sweep her off her feet. Lefty and her dad need to come to her rescue when she's trapped on a runaway train.
Eyvah Eyvah	Turkish	comedy	Hakan Algül	Hüseyin (Ata Demirer) is a young man living with his grandparents in a village in Turkey’s Thracian region. Two things are of great importance in Hüseyin’s life: his clarinet and his fiancee. However, one day Hüseyin is forced to go to İstanbul and leave behind his beloved village. In the big city, Hüseyin will receive the biggest support from his clarinet and later from a bar singer called Firuzan (Demet Akbağ). Firuzan, who storms İstanbul’s night clubs with her songs, already leads a very colorful and highly complicated life, which, with Hüseyin’s inclusion, gets all the more colorful with comedy and action.
Oh Doctor!	American	comedy	Roscoe Arbuckle	As described in Exhibitors Herald, a film magazine,[3] Dr. Fatty Holepoke (Arbuckle) bets all of his money on a horse and loses it. He becomes entangled in the meshes of a vampire (Mann), but when he hears the voice of his master (his wife), he finds himself in a serious predicament. With the assistance of a uniform stolen from a policeman, he manages to get away. He tries his luck again with the horses and wins lots of money. However, when he walks down the street his wife relieves him of all of it and leads him home, even though she is half his size.
Dough and Dynamite	American	comedy	Charlie Chaplin	The story involves Chaplin and Chester Conklin working as waiters at a restaurant. Charlie is especially inept and his comic carelessness enrages the customers. The workers in the restaurant's bakery go on strike for more pay, but are fired by the unsympathetic proprietor. Charlie is put to work in the bakery where his lack of skills upsets his boss and co-worker Chester Conklin. Meanwhile, the vengeful strikers have arranged to smuggle a loaf of bread concealing a stick of dynamite into the bakery. During a free-for-all involving Charlie, Chester, and their boss, the dynamite dramatically explodes. At the end of the film, Charlie emerges groggily from a pile of sticky dough.
The Dukes of Hazzard	American	comedy	Jay Chandrasekhar	Cousins Bo (Seann William Scott), Luke (Johnny Knoxville), and Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) run a moonshine business for their Uncle Jesse (Willie Nelson) in Hazzard County, Georgia. The cousins' primary mode of transportation is an orange 1969 Dodge Charger that the boys affectionately refer to as the General Lee. Along the way, the family is tormented by corrupt Hazzard County Commissioner Jefferson Davis Hogg, widely known as Boss Hogg (Burt Reynolds), and his willing but dimwitted henchman, Sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane (M. C. Gainey). After Rosco has the General Lee impounded after Bo and Luke’s attempt to run away from a daughter of one their many moonshine customers, Billy Prickett (James Roday), a famous stock-car driver, enters Hazzard to participate in the rally. Meanwhile, Rosco plants a fake moonshine still ('cause he's too dumb to find the real one) in Uncle Jesse's barn and seizes the Duke property in the interest of eminent domain for Boss Hogg, forcing the family to temporarily reside with neighbor and Uncle Jesse's love-interest, Pauline (Lynda Carter). Pauline informs the Dukes that Rosco seized another farm on charges, so Bo and Luke investigate a local construction site and find geologic core samples with the help of bait-shop owner Sheev (Kevin Heffernan). Meanwhile, Coltrane makes arrangements to seize the General Lee as evidence from the local auto body shop run by the Dukes' friend Cooter Davenport (David Koechner), who instead turns the car into a hot rod and applies a new paint job and horn, in return for finally getting payment for all the work he has done (...'cause that's how this works...) for the boys in the past. After retrieving the General Lee before Rosco can, the Dukes go to Atlanta to visit a local university geology lab, meeting with Katie-Lynn Johnson (Nikki Griffin), a Hazzard county girl and the Dukes' love interest, and her Australian roommate Annette (Jacqui Maxwell). At the lab, they discover Boss Hogg's intentions of turning the county into a strip coal mine. They are later arrested by Atlanta Police after running from campus police. Back in Hazzard, Daisy learns, with the help of Sheriff's Deputy Enos Strate (Michael Weston), that Billy Prickett has been hired by Boss Hogg to participate in the rally as a ringer. Boss Hogg then heads to Atlanta, where he informs the Duke boys, in lock-up, that they are too late to stop him and reveals that the vote on Hogg's proposition is at the same time as the rally, explaining Billy Prickett's involvement. During a transfer from detainment, Daisy helps the boys escape from the patrol car, and they speed home to try to inform the townsfolk, escaping Atlanta Police, and the Georgia State Patrol after Bo outmaneuvers the city cops. Upon returning home, the Dukes discover that Boss Hogg and Rosco had taken Uncle Jesse and Pauline hostage, an obvious trap for the boys, and that Billy is in on the scheme because he is ashamed of the town's low status. The two race to the farmhouse to cause a distraction to the waiting Hazzard County sheriff's deputies and Georgia state troopers, while Daisy and Cooter rescue Jesse and Pauline. Meanwhile, the college girls head to the rally with Sheev to inform the townsfolk about the vote on the strip-mining ordinance. Because of Sheev's armadillo hat and lack of pants, no one listens, so Bo leaves for the rally while Luke and Jesse team up to foil the county and state police who are chasing Bo, interfering with the race. Upon crossing the finish line first, before Billy, the two continue racing back and forth all the way into town, leading the townsfolk to the courthouse just in time to vote against Boss Hogg's proposed ordinance. At the courthouse, Daisy takes advantage of the governor of Georgia's presence and TV cameras to convince him to pardoning the boys, so Uncle Jesse takes the opportunity to knock out Boss Hogg and gets a pardon for assaulting a county commissioner at the same time. The final scene shows a cook-out at the Dukes' house where Pauline convinces Uncle Jesse, who could not be found because he was using the meat smoker, to get up and play the television series' main theme. Bo and Luke are romantically involved with the girls in the General Lee when they are caught by Luke's other love-interest Laurie Pullman (Alice Greczyn) from the introduction of the film, who proceeds to chase them with a shotgun as they drive away. During the credits, outtakes from the production of the film are shown.
A Million Ways to Die in the West	American	comedy	Seth MacFarlane	In 1882, in the town of Old Stump, Arizona, a cowardly sheep farmer named Albert Stark (Seth MacFarlane) is dumped by his girlfriend Louise (Amanda Seyfried) as a result of his withdrawal from a gunfight. He prepares to leave for San Francisco, believing that the frontier offers nothing for him. Meanwhile, infamous outlaw Clinch Leatherwood (Liam Neeson) robs and kills an old prospector (Matt Clark) for a gold nugget. He orders his right-hand man Lewis (Evan Jones) to escort his wife Anna (Charlize Theron) to Old Stump to lie low while he continues his banditry. Lewis and Anna arrive in Old Stump under the guise of two siblings intending to build a farm, but Lewis is arrested after shooting the Pastor's (John Aylward) son (Dylan Kenin) in a saloon. During the ensuing fight, Albert saves Anna from being crushed to death by two of the brawlers, and the two become close friends. They attend a county fair where Louise's new boyfriend, the haughty Foy (Neil Patrick Harris), challenges Albert to a shooting contest. Albert is defeated, but Anna steps in and defeats Foy. Foy mocks Albert, who angrily challenges Foy to a duel in a week's time. Anna then spends the week teaching Albert how to shoot. During a barn dance the night before the duel, Anna slips Foy a Mickey. After leaving the dance, Albert and Anna kiss before heading home. Upon breaking out of jail and murdering the sheriff, Lewis witnesses the kiss and reports it to Clinch. On the day of the duel, Foy arrives late and goes into convulsions from the laxative he had unknowingly drunk. Albert, who has decided that Louise is not worth fighting for, once again forfeits the duel. He retires to the saloon, but Clinch arrives and demands to know who kissed his wife. When no one comes forward, Clinch shoots a nearby cowboy (Ryan Reynolds). He reveals that Anna is his wife and threatens to continue killing unless his wife's lover duels him at noon the next day. Clinch later forces Anna to reveal Albert's name and then prepares to have sex with her, but she knocks him unconscious and escapes. Anna returns to Albert's farm, where he angrily shouts at her for lying to him. Clinch pursues Anna to the farm; Albert helps her escape, then escapes himself. While fleeing, he is captured by a tribe of Apache Indians, who threaten to burn him alive. The Indians spare him when he reveals that he can speak their language. They give him a bowl of peyote, which sends him flashing back to his birth and through painful events of his childhood before making him realize that he loves Anna. Meanwhile, Clinch recaptures Anna in town, in front of Edward's (Giovanni Ribisi) house. Albert returns to Old Stump and confronts Clinch. He wounds Clinch with a bullet poisoned with rattlesnake venom before his own gun is shot out of his hand, but he manages to stall until Clinch fatally succumbs to the poison. Louise attempts to win back Albert, but he rejects her and instead happily enters a relationship with Anna. Albert also receives a bounty for killing Clinch and uses the money to buy more sheep. Later at the Fair, the proprietor of a racially charged shooting game called Runaway Slave asks who would like to take a shot. Django (Jamie Foxx) steps up and shoots the man while commenting that people die at the fair.
Bigger Than the Sky	American	comedy	Al Corley	After being rejected by his girlfriend, Peter Rooker, an art-department employee in Portland, Oregon, decides to audition for a small role in an upcoming local community theatre's production of Cyrano de Bergerac. Despite the fact that Peter has no experience or skill as an actor, the director casts Peter as Cyrano, as the lead. Peter soon becomes caught up in the various intrigues of the theater people, including the charming but mercurial Michael Degan, the beautiful leading lady Grace Hargrove, and a cast of other eccentric players. Gradually, Peter discovers that in the world of theater the normal rules do not apply, but in the end, there is a role for everyone. As Peter struggles with his acting, it becomes clear that he is not going to be ready for opening night. An experienced, but universally disliked actor, Ken Zorbell, is brought in to play Cyrano. Realizing the writing is on the wall, Peter asks the Director to let him relinquish the role and take another role as a background character. On opening night, the lead has not appeared, and the director asks Peter, who has never rehearsed the role, to play Cyrano. At first, he declines, but then realizing it is his dream, he plays Cyrano with great success.
Welcome to the Jungle	American	comedy	Rob Meltzer	An office team go on a two-day team-building seminar on a wilderness island. The group includes Chris, a meek office worker and Eagle Scout; Phil, a manipulative bully who steals his ideas; Lisa, an HR manager and Chris' love interest; and Jared, a sarcastic slacker. However, when the pilot is found dead and their ex-marine guide is mauled by a tiger, the office workers must fend for themselves. Phil tries to assume leadership, but the group votes for Chris. Phil immediately wants to sacrifice Javier so they can eat him. He finds some coffee and adds a hallucinogenic herb that induces an orgy among some of the coworkers. They split into two teams. Phil feeds his team more psychedelic herbs and sets himself up as God. Chris` team finds an abandoned building with supplies. The guide shows up and they find out he's really not much use. Chris' team is captured by Phil's group, and Chris beats Phil by pretending to be a better God. A ship rescues the workers, except Phil who is left behind. Chris gets Phil's job, but quits, taking Lisa with him.
The Guv'nor	British	comedy	Milton Rosmer	Monsieur Barsac (Frank Cellier) is in a great deal of trouble - the Paris bank of which he is president is bankrupt, though nobody else knows yet. He tells his secret to his crony Dubois (George Hayes), since he needs his help. Dubois is to purchase an iron mine that is supposedly played out. However, Barsac's mining engineer has found rich, untapped deposits of ore. The mine is 51% owned by the widow Mrs. Granville (Henrietta Watson) and her daughter Madeleine (Viola Keats), who are deeply in debt to his bank. Barsac uses his stepson Paul (Patric Knowles) as an intermediary, since Paul is a friend of the family, particularly the beautiful Madeleine. Meanwhile, a vagabond known as the Guv'nor (George Arliss) decides to head south for the winter with his friend Flit (Gene Gerrard). At the Granville estate, he offers to mend some china in exchange for food and is treated very cordially by Madeleine. Soon after, the two men are taken into custody for poaching and returned to Paris. After the policeman learns the Guv'nor's unusual real name, François Rothschild, he informs a member of the great banking dynasty who, unwilling to have his illustrious family name besmirched by an arrest, gives the Guv'nor a check for 2000 francs and has the two men released. The Guv'nor is happy with his lifestyle, so he offers the money to Flit. They clean themselves up before trying to cash the check at Barzac's bank. Barzac mistakes the Guv'nor for one of the Rothschilds and tries to persuade him to join the board of directors to prop up the bank. During the conversation, the Guv'nor catches Barzac in a lie about Madeleine and becomes interested. He is made president of the bank. When the Guv'nor learns details about Barsac's scheme from Madame Barzac (Mary Clare), who is anxious to prevent her husband from investing in a worthless mine, he returns to the Granville estate. There, dressed as the tramp, he advises Madeleine to get Paul to ask for impartial advice about Barzac's strong recommendation to sell - from Monsieur Rothschild. Instead, she goes to see Rothschild herself and discovers his real identity. She believes that he has deceived her so he can purchase the mine himself and stalks out before he can explain. The next morning, the Guv'nor attends a meeting of the shareholders called to vote on whether to sell for the pittance Dubois is offering. The Guv'nor denounces Barzac and Dubois, but Madeleine votes to sell. The wily Guv'nor then makes it look as if he has committed suicide. People fear he did so because there is something wrong with the bank and Dubois' company; panic selling soon drives down the price of shares in both. Meanwhile, Paul buys them on the Guv'nor's behalf. Having saved the Granvilles and ruined Barzac and Dubois, the Guv'nor gives the shares to Madeleine and Paul as a wedding present and resumes his carefree journey to warmer climes.
Cheena Thaana 001	Tamil	comedy	T. P. Gajendran	Thamizharasu (Prasanna) wants to become a cop, but the arrogant police officers Inspector Parameshwaran (Manivannan) and AC Gowrishankar (Riyaz Khan) ensure that he does not succeed. Meanwhile, he discovers a plot to assassinate the Governor (Visu) by the terrorist Gulshan Baba (Kazan Khan), and he complains it to Gowrishankar, but discovers that he is also a member of the plot. So he forms a detective agency and starts cracking the plot, and how he succeeds in it with the help of his father (Delhi Ganesh), his father's Friend (Ilavarasu) and, of course, with the Cheenichamy (Vadivelu), forms the rest of the story.
Goreyan Nu Daffa Karo	Punjabi	comedy	Pankaj Batra	For Kala, a boy from a village in Punjab, India, it is a love at first sight when he sees Aleesha, an Indo-Canadian girl. Kala also helps clear obstacles in the way of marriage of his brother Roop to his white Canadian girlfriend, Julia. Kala fights the cultural and historical differences to bring together and unite the two families. The film is shot at locations in India and Canada.
Lucky Jokers	Malayalam	comedy	Sunil	The story revolves around the attempts of many to somehow get into the costly treasure of diamonds, that is said to be in the famous Vishnu Puram place, handed over to them by a Nepali king, thousand of years ago. Krishanvarma Thampuran (Jagathy Sreekumar) is the current Rajah of the palace. The Prince (Ajmal Ameer), who finds to his dismay that the treasure is lost, sets out on an adventurous hunt for an ancestral diamond. Suraj Venjaramoodu appeared in double roles as a fraud Sanyasin Himagirisringan and also as a Tamilian named Narasimha Gowundar.
Kal Manja	Kannada	comedy	Guruprasad	The story revolves around a film unit which help the two estranged lovers unite.[2]
Lord Richard in the Pantry	British	comedy	Walter Forde	Lord Richard falls on hard times, and has to take a job as a butler. Meanwhile, his employer falls in love with him.
How Brown Saw the Baseball Game	American	comedy	Unknown	Before heading out to a baseball game at a nearby ballpark, sports fan Mr. Brown drinks several highball cocktails. He arrives at the ballpark to watch the game, but has become so inebriated that the game appears to him in reverse, with the players running the bases backwards and the baseball flying back into the pitcher's hand. After the game is over, Mr. Brown is escorted home by one of his friends. When they arrive at Brown's house, they encounter his wife who becomes furious with the friend and proceeds to physically assault him, believing he is responsible for her husband's severe intoxication.[1]
Pack Up Your Troubles	British	comedy	Oswald Mitchell	Garage owner Tommy (Reginald Purdell) and ventriloquist friend Eric (Wylie Watson) join the army and travel to France, where they are captured by the Nazis. However, Eric's voice-throwing skills come in handy in engineering their escape and in obtaining top secret information.
Tyler Perry Presents Peeples	American	comedy	Tina Gordon Chism	The Peeples is an affluent East Coast family celebrating their annual Moby Dick Day reunion at Sag Harbor in the Hamptons. The weekend is interrupted when Wade Walker (Robinson), the fiance of Grace Peeples (Washington), shows up to propose after being goaded by his brother, Chris (Malcolm Barrett). Upon arrival, Wade loses his wallet while being chased by the family dog. At the grocery store, he sees Grace's father Virgil (David Allen Grier), a judge, talking to a woman later revealed to be the mayor. He also sees Grace's sister, Gloria (Hawk), with her lover, Meg (Lewis-Davis), who is not known to the family. Wade learns more about Grace, including about her ex-boyfriends, breast implants, and mother. Grace's mother, Daphne (S. Epatha Merkerson), is a former singer and recovering alcoholic. Wade attempts to propose at dinner, asking everyone to say what they love about the people in their lives. This ends abruptly when Virgil says he had to pay for Wade at the store. Wade goes to see Virgil play at a club but discovers he is not there. In the park near the beach, Wade encounters a group of nudists, which includes Virgil. At the guest house, Wade confronts Grace about her implants, and she is honest. They play naughty school girl. Virgil peeks through the window and runs off in disgust. Wade discovers that Grace's musician brother, Simon (Tyler James Williams), is also a thief. While playing through the Peeples's house, Wade finds Daphne's headpiece from her days as a performer and begins to sing while wearing it. He is caught by Virgil. Chris shows up unexpectedly to help Wade propose. Because of Chris's borrowed Gamma Phi sweater, Virgil thinks they are fraternity brothers and invites him to stay. At Nana Peeples's (Diahann Carroll) house, Wade gets Daphne to sing, while Virgil watches in disgust. Chris makes advances towards Gloria, angering Meg. Back home, Daphne discovers her expensive earrings have been stolen. Virgil believes Wade is the thief. Wade and Chris are at the bar, where they see Simon talking to an uninterested woman. They follow him into the bathroom and pretend to be thugs, but then tell him to return his mother's earrings and stop stealing. Chris returns to the guest house to find Gloria, while Wade finds Virgil in a sweat tent and tries to bear it for Grace's hand in marriage. Wade ends up burning the tent down. At the Moby Dick Day celebration, Grace tells Wade he looks terrible and offers him a drink from a thermos with a mushroom drawn on it. The mayor confronts Wade. While Virgil is giving a rendition of Captain Ahab, Wade hallucinates that Virgil is talking to him and charges at him with a harpoon. Wade is knocked unconscious. Wade wakes up and is insulted by Virgil. Wade wants to head back to New York with Grace and Chris, but Grace wants to stay with her family. Wade and Chris leave. After the brothers depart, Virgil admits he has been swimming with the Humpback Whale non-sexually, Gloria and Meg tell everyone about their relationship, Simon admits to his stealing, and Daphne admits she put mushrooms in her drinks. The dog returns Wade's wallet, and Simon takes Wade's engagement ring out of his pocket. Grace falls into her mother's arms, realizing Wade was telling the truth. She returns to New York a few days later, without being able to contact Wade. She sees his schedule book and meets him at a kids' museum. Grace apologizes and proposes to Wade. He proposes to her in return. Virgil arrives to accept Wade into the family, and the entire family joins Wade on stage to perform for the children.
Worm's Eye View	British	comedy	Jack Raymond	This comedy is set in a family home during World War II. Their bitter landlady is not pleased by five fighters from the Royal Air Force who are staying there and she re-directs unjustly her frustrations against the family. Part of this film appears in Rise and Shiner.[3]
Jana Gana Mana	Marathi	comedy	Amit Abhyankar	In a tribal village of Maharashtra is a school which is a part of ‘Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan’ (Education for All) run by the government. Ramchandra Sontakke (Nandu Madhav) is the sole teacher in the school. Sontakke is a romantic; he wants to build a nation of educated kids but is in for a shock when he realizes that the handful of kids who attend his school come basically for the free mid day meal rather than to study. Sontakke decides to impress his boss by putting up a grand show on the Independence Day and coax him into transferring Sontakke to a town school closer home. Katu, a tribal boy wants to be the leader and sing the national anthem on Independence Day. But, he can do so only if he fulfills Sontakke’s condition of sporting a white tunic and shorts. Katu goes to great extent to from stealing clothes to begging to even risking run down by a speeding car in an attempt to extract blood money for his uniform. However, Sontakke learns the stark realities of life and manages to get himself transferred even before the Independence Day. With no need to impress his boss will all the efforts he and his students have taken go down the drain? [4]
Young Wives' Tale	British	comedy	Henry Cass	A housing shortage forces two couples, each with an infant child, to share a house. Their inability to find and retain a reliable nanny exacerbates the problems caused by the crowding, and a pretty young lodger (played by Audrey Hepburn) and Sabina's persistent old beau (Guy Middleton) intensify the romantic tensions.
Last Call	American	comedy	Greg Garthe	Two underachieving cousins, Danny (Van Winkle) and Phil (Hansen) have to prove themselves when they are charged with managing the family pub, in a bid to save their wayward uncle from prison and financial ruin.[3]
Charley's (Big-Hearted) Aunt	British	comedy	Walter Forde	Oxford students Arthur (Arthur Askey), Stinker (Richard Murdoch), and Albert (Graham Moffatt) are in danger of being sent down (expelled) for bad behaviour. Learning the Dean of Bowgate College is an amateur Egyptologist, Arthur—who had just played the lead in a stage version of Charley's Aunt—poses as Albert's wealthy Aunt Lucy, who might finance an archeological expedition if the Dean is lenient on her nephew and his friends. Unfortunately, the real Aunt Lucy picks this day to pay a visit to Oxford herself, with calamitous results.
 Waiting...	American	comedy	Rob McKittrick	The film focuses on several characters. One of the main protagonists, Dean (Justin Long), has been a waiter at a restaurant called Shenaniganz for four years since graduating from high school, and has not earned a degree during his four years at a community college. When Dean learns from his mother that a former high school classmate, Chett (Travis Resor), now has a bachelor's degree in electrical engineering, he begins to rethink his direction-less life. Dean's friend and co-worker, Monty (Ryan Reynolds), is in exactly the same situation, but has accepted that his future lies with the restaurant. Monty is put in charge of training Mitch (John Francis Daley), a newly hired waiter who is constantly interrupted throughout most of the film before he can speak, usually by Monty. Also working with Dean is Calvin (Robert Patrick Benedict), a hopeless romantic who cannot urinate in public, and Dan (David Koechner), the uptight manager who is grooming Dean as his protégé. Rounding out the staff are 17-year-old hostess Natasha (Vanessa Lengies), abrasive waitress Naomi (Alanna Ubach), waitress (and Monty's ex-girlfriend) Serena (Anna Faris), Dean's girlfriend and fellow waitress Amy (Kaitlin Doubleday), stoner busboys T-Dog and Nick (Max Kasch and Andy Milonakis), head chef Raddimus (Luis Guzman), the insane, unsanitary chef Floyd (Dane Cook), lesbian bartender Tyla (Emmanuelle Chriqui), and the pensive and philosophical dishwasher Bishop (Chi McBride). The waiters preoccupy themselves with endless gossip, complaining about the customers, seeking covert revenge on particularly rude or annoying patrons, and playing a special kind of game which involves flashing genitalia at a fellow worker (the Penis Showing Game). Each employee has his or her own problems and stories, which are interwoven with the ebb and flow of business. A common phrase used throughout the film, which is referred to in the Shenaniganz training video is The only thing different between extraordinary and ordinary, is that little bit of extra! This phrase is mocked by many of the wait staff during the film. Minutes before the restaurant closes, however, Chett and his girlfriend come in for dinner and leave Dean a hefty tip out of pity. This prompts Dean to quit his job—turning down an assistant manager position Dan offered him at the beginning of the film—to seek a more promising future. When the shift ends, the staff head to a party at Monty and Dean's house. At the party, Monty - who has a predilection for sleeping with teenage girls - is able to resist having sex with Natasha, although he says they will have sex the following Wednesday, when she will be 18. Calvin attempts to fix his relationship problems, and Mitch finally speaks, calling out his coworkers on their problems and quitting. He concludes by giving them all The Goat from the Penis Showing Game, which Raddimus had told him earlier would instantly grant him god-status. Sure enough, Monty swears his undying allegiance to Mitch, telling Dean he's been replaced. The film ends with the staff talking about the incident with Mitch, and Dan showing up at a disgruntled customer's house after Natasha gave him the wrong address to the party.
It's That Man Again	British	comedy	Walter Forde	The disreputable mayor (Tommy Handley) of small town Foaming-at-the-Mouth gambles the civic accounts and wins a bombed out local theatre. He steals the rights to a new play which he stages in an attempt to save the financial situation. However, local drama students he has cheated turn up and try to ruin the show.
Giving Them Fits	American	comedy	Hal Roach	Luke (Harold Lloyd) works in a shoe store, but has difficulty focusing on work when a pretty girl is near.
Dead & Breakfast	American	comedy	Matthew Leutwyler	Six friends, Christian, David, Kate, Johnny, Sara, and Melody, are traveling in an R.V. to get to the wedding of their friend, Kelly, in Galveston, Texas. However they become lost in a small town called Lovelock, and decide to spend the night at the local bed and breakfast, owned by the creepy Mr. Wise. While staying, the group insult the chef, Henri, causing an argument to break out. After everyone goes to bed, David goes to the kitchen to get a snack, only to discover Henri brutally murdered, before Mr Wise suffers a heart attack. With the phone line broken it takes until morning for the Sheriff, and his Deputy, Enus, to be summoned for help. The Sheriff is quick to suspect the group, and takes the keys to the R.V. away, so they can not leave the town until the investigation is over. The group goes into town, while the Sheriff arrests a mysterious drifter, who quickly becomes the prime suspect. The drifter warns Christian and Sara of ancient exotic wooden box, that Sara realizes belongs to Mr Wise. However it is too late, as Johnny arrives back at the bed & breakfast and opens the box, unleashing the Kuman Thong which possesses him, causing him to savagely murder various people. Meanwhile, Christian and Sara meet town local Lisa Belmont (Miranda Bailey) who swears she saw Mr Wise dig up the body of his dead son and perform a form of black magic on the body. Sara and Christian return to the bed & breakfast and discover Johnny has opened the box. Sara and Christian alert the Sheriff, who drives them to a local party, that David, Kate and Melody are attending with the rest of the town folk. The possessed Johnny arrives and a bloody massacre ensues, with the town folk, including Enus, becoming zombies as Johnny puts various body parts of his victims in the box. In the chaos, Christian is decapitated as David, Kate, Sara and Melody escape with the Sheriff in a truck. They accidentally run over the drifter, knocking him unconscious after he escapes from his prison cell. Taking him with them, the radiator soon blows in the truck, forcing the group to take shelter in the bed & breakfast. They gather weapons, before the drifter tells them they must retrieve the body of Mr Wise to kill Johnny. The zombies arrive at the bed & breakfast and the group fend them off, before the Sheriff, Melody and the drifter sneak out the back door to retrieve the bones of Mr Wise. At the bed & breakfast, the zombies retrieve some of David's blood that was on the step of the house, placing it in the box causing him to become possessed. David beats Kate to death with a metal pole, before attacking Sara. However Sara manages to kill David with a chainsaw. At the cemetery, the Sheriff, Melody and the drifter retrieve the body of Mr Wise and perform a black magic spell, taking the bones from the body. As they travel to the bed & breakfast they encounter a group of zombies. The Sheriff has his neck snapped, killing him, before Lisa arrives and rescues the drifter and Melody, who continue on to the bed & breakfast. Meanwhile, at the bed & breakfast, the zombies break in. Sara fights them, but is soon cornered. The drifter, and Melody arrive outside, where Melody shoots Johnny through the heart with a bone from the body of Mr Wise, killing him and the other zombies. Sara reunites with Melody and the drifter, and together they leave Lovelock in their R.V.
The Pure Hell of St Trinian's	British	comedy	Frank Launder	The St. Trinian's Girls burn down the school building and are, subsequently, put on trial at the Old Bailey in London, found guilty, and await sentencing the next day by Judge Slender (Raymond Huntley). This leads to rejoicing at the Ministry of Education, and in Barset, the school's village home, where Sergeant Ruby Gates (Joyce Grenfell) and Superintendent Samuel Kemp-Bird (Lloyd Lamble) can finally plan their marriage, which is predicated on the end of St. Trinian's. However, beautiful Sixth-Form pupil Rosalie Dawn (Julie Alexander) has been flirting with Slender during the trial, where she gives him her telephone numbers, and continues flirting at the sentencing session. Consequently, when Professor of Philosophy Canford (Cecil Parker) of the University of Baghdad suggests that, rather than punishment, the girls need sympathy, and explains that he has funds to buy a new school building, and with the help of noted educator Matilda Harker-Packer (Irene Handl), the girls can be rehabilitated, Judge Slender ignores the guilty verdict and gives him a year to accomplish his aims. This causes dismay at the Ministry, where Butters (Thorley Walters), on the advice of his psychiatrist, does a pastoral dance to calm his nerves. The revival of St. Trinian's also means the end of Gates' and Kemp-Bird's marriage plans. The girls, led by Prof. Canford, new Headmistress Harker-Packer, and the new teaching staff, move into the former Hannington Manor, now the new St. Trinian's school building. To demonstrate the positive effects the sympathetic educational approach is having on the girls Harker-Packer, acknowledging it will be a disaster, suggests the school present a cultural festival in a month, featuring a fashion show, a painting demonstration, and a dramatic presentation. Ministry officials Culpepper Brown (Eric Barker) and Butters are invited and their superior, Under Secretary Gore Blackwood (Dennis Price), encourages them to go and make detailed notes about the show, which they all believe will be a fiasco, in the hope that, with their report, they can convince the Minister of Education (John Le Mesurier) to shut the school. The show is a fiasco: the fashions displayed by the girls are scandalous; the action-painting demonstration turns into a paint-flinging fight; and the dramatic presentation by Rosalie is Hamlet's soliloquy accompanied by a striptease. Certain the Minister will close the school when they present their report, Culpepper Brown, Butters and Blackwood are crushed when the Minister explains that the fashions are due to be shown in London, a reputable gallery will exhibit the art, and the Stratford theatre will present the girls' Hamlet. All three now use the pastoral dance to calm their nerves. Back at St. Trinian's, the sixth form girls and Flash Harry Cuthbert Edwards (George Cole) see Alphonse O'Reilly (Sidney James), sporting a cowboy-style hat (and immediately dubbed Wyatt Earp by the girls), arrive in a big car, stay for a short time and leave. Harry thinks that something is amiss, but doesn't know what. Now Canford suggests that he take the sixth form girls on a cultural tour of the Greek Islands, which will be financed by his backer, and the Ministry approves the voyage. Kemp-Bird feels there is something fishy going on and gets Sgt. Gates to stowaway on the yacht. Harry also goes along and, one day while he and the girls are on deck, they find that Wyatt Earp is also aboard the yacht. This gives Harry a very uneasy feeling: something is amiss. That night, someone - obviously a woman - manages to look at the ship's log and finds that they are off the East African coast. Meanwhile, uneasy at not having seen land for days, Canford confronts O'Reilly regarding their destination and money due to him: O'Reilly tells Canford that he will get no more money and, when they did the deal, he was told their destination. Upset by this answer, he goes to see Harry, but someone knocks at Harry's cabin door, and Canford tells Harry to meet him on deck in a half hour. The interruption was caused by the telegraph operator Octavius (Monte Landis), who has been lured away from his post by a message to him as Lover Boy, asking him to meet Lavinia in the cabin actually occupied by Harry. While Octavius is gone, someone sends a telegraph message. Harry meets Canford on deck but, before they can talk, they notice the smell of gravy and discover Gates, cooking her dinner, in the covered lifeboat next to them. When they hear someone coming, they climb into the lifeboat with Gates. While she explains that they are not near Greece, but off the East African coast, O'Reilly and the ship's captain discover them, and O'Reilly has the lifeboat lowered into the sea. The three begin rowing, eventually spot a desert island and land there as castaways. Back in Barset, Kemp-Bird receives Gates' telegram and contacts the Ministry, who contact the army. The army sends word of the problem to the only unit in the East Arabian area, a mobile bath unit led by Major Hargreaves (Nicholas Phipps) and Captain Thompson (Cyril Chamberlain) and tells them that a plane carrying supplies, liquor and Ministry of Education officials is on the way. Blackwood sends Culpepper Brown and Butters on the mission, as they are the only Ministry officials who can identify the girls. Back at St. Trinian's, the fourth form girls manage to find out some of this news, then break into the Ministry to find out the rest. After the plane takes off, Culpepper Brown and Butters find that it is loaded with fourth form girls, who eventually throw them, with parachutes and an inflatable raft, into the East Arabian Sea. They wind up on the same desert island as the other castaways. When the Ministry men mention they could see land when they were pushed from the plane, the whole group packs up and heads for Arabia and the nearest town, Makrab. At the army camp, the girls have been rounded up and confined, surrounded by barbed wire. The captain then receives news that the Ministry officials are in Makrab and is ordered to go there, with a back-up group of soldiers, to find them. When they leave, the girls use the liquor from the plane to get the remaining soldiers so drunk that they pass out, and take over the base. In Makrab, the Captain and Major find the Ministry group at a cafe. Culpepper Brown and Butters go of to find the British consul (Harold Berens), who pairs them with two girls, who get the men so drunk they pass out. When Harry notices Lover Boy on the street, he, Canford, Gates, the Captain and the Major follow him to a striptease club, where Harry recognises Rosalie on a poster advertising Farida. That night they go to the club and find Rosalie who tells them that Lover Boy smuggled her off the boat, but the other girls are in danger, imprisoned at the palace of a local Emir (Elwyn Brook-Jones), whose sons want to marry them which, with Canford's collusion, had been O'Reilly's plan all along. The officers go to muster their forces, while Harry and Canford go to visit the Emir. Gates gets there on her own and enters the palace by helping to carry in the laundry. To the Emir's displeasure, the girls are defending themselves quite well. Harry, Canford and Gates offer to reason with the girls, and are allowed to visit them for five minutes: when they can't provide results, the Emir's men attack again, again with little success. Just as this fight is ending, the army arrives but is promptly captured. Things look bleak, when they hear the St. Trinian's school song in the distance, followed by the arrival of the fourth form girls in army vehicles, who smash their way into the compound, forcing the Emir and his forces to run away. Back in Britain, the girls and Sgt. Gates are hailed as heroes. In Barset, Gates, after 16 years of being engaged, is about to get married, when the ceremony is interrupted with news that the girls are again burning down the school, and Kemp-Bird runs off, even as Gates is walking down the aisle. As the film ends, the staff at the Ministry and the officers at the East Arabian army camp are doing a pastoral dance to calm themselves.
A Cinderella Story	American	comedy	Mark Rosman	Sam Montgomery lives in the San Fernando Valley area of Los Angeles, with her widowed father Hal, who runs a popular sports-themed diner. Feeling Sam needs a mother, Hal marries a vain and selfish gold digger named Fiona, who has socially-awkward fraternal twin daughters, Brianna and Gabriella. During the 1994 Northridge earthquake, Hal is killed when he runs to save Fiona. Having supposedly left no will, Fiona receives all of his belongings, including the house, the diner, and to her dismay, Sam. Eight years later, Sam is employed as a waitress at the diner to save money to attend Princeton University, but she is regularly tormented by her stepfamily, who constantly insult her and treat her as if they were popular, despite being regarded as obnoxious. Even worse, Fiona, in her vanity, uses the inheritance to live as if they were insanely rich, including spending on minor facial surgeries, and even refuses to save water during the ongoing drought. She also transformed the diner into something befitting of her own image, and demands that salmon be served and included in over half the dishes. Sam struggles to cope socially at North Valley High School, where queen bee cheerleader Shelby Cummings also torments her and calls her Diner Girl, along with other members of the popular clique. Sam confides in her online pen pal Nomad about her dream to attend Princeton, a dream which he also shares. However, Nomad's true identity is Austin Ames, the popular, yet unhappy, quarterback of the school's football team and Shelby's ex-boyfriend, although she refuses to accept that he has broken up with her. He is unhappy because Austin's father planned for him to go to the University of Southern California with a football scholarship rather than going to Princeton. Nomad proposes that they meet in person at the school's Halloween-themed homecoming dance. On the night of the dance, Fiona orders Sam to work the night shift at the diner, then leaves to drive Brianna and Gabriella to the dance. Initially reluctant, Sam is convinced by her best friend, Carter Ferrell, to go to the dance and meet her mysterious online friend. Rhonda, Sam's other best friend, and the rest of the diner staff also convince her to disobey Fiona and go to the dance anyway. Sam, wearing a mask and a beautiful white dress, meets Nomad at the dance, and is surprised to learn that he is Austin, who had become smitten with her upon her entrance. The two decide to leave the party to walk alone and get to know each other a little better. While sharing a romantic dance, Sam and Austin begin to fall in love. But just as Austin is about to unmask her, Sam's cell phone alarm goes off, warning her to return to the diner before Fiona returns at midnight. She leaves without revealing her identity to Austin, and drops her phone on the way out. Austin picks up her phone and begins a desperate search to figure out who his Cinderella really is, but every girl at school claims to be the mysterious owner of the phone. Sam is reluctant to reveal her identity to Austin, feeling that he will not accept her due to her being ordinary and Austin being popular. When Austin comes into the diner one day, Sam is forced to help him and, after a talk, she attempts to reveal her identity to him, but is cut off by Fiona. Sam's stepsisters end up discovering Sam and Austin's email relationship, and (after having failed to convince Austin that one of them is the owner of the phone) convince Shelby that Sam tried to steal Austin from her. During a pep rally, they and the other cheerleaders humiliate Sam in front of the entire school and expose her identity, as well as naming her an impostor. Austin, hurt by Sam's secrecy, does not step up to defend her, and Sam leaves the pep rally in tears. Like Austin, Sam had been accepted at Princeton, only to be duped by Fiona into believing she was rejected by having a fake rejection letter made to keep Sam working at the diner and as her servant. Sam then decides to give up on her dreams and resigns herself to working at the diner, but Rhonda gives Sam a pep talk not to lose hope. When her stepsisters come into the diner, they slam the door, causing a guitar to fall off the wall, tearing the wallpaper down with it, and blame it on Sam. Sam then sees her father's words, Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game, on the wall and regains her confidence (in real life, this quote came from Babe Ruth). She stands up to Fiona and her stepsisters stating that she will no longer put up with their emotional abuse, quits her job at the diner, and moves in with Rhonda, who also quits along with the entire diner staff, all of whom had only put up with so many years of Fiona's abuse after Hal's death for Sam's sake. The customers, who witness the entire scene, promptly leave in disgust as well. Before the school's homecoming football game, Sam confronts Austin about his cowardice and not defending her at the pep rally. Before the final play of the game, he sees Sam making her way out of the stands, and finally stands up to his father, saying he wants to attend Princeton rather than simply play football all his life. He chases after Sam and apologizes. She accepts his apology, and they share their first kiss as rain falls over the drought-plagued valley (at the same time, the North Valley High Fighting Frogs win the football game). Soon after, Sam finds Hal's will hidden in her childhood fairy-tale book, stating that all of his money and possessions actually belong to her. Since this leaves her as the rightful and legal owner, Sam sells her stepfamily's fancy cars so that she can pay for college, and Fiona, who signed the will as a witness but claims to have never seen it before, is arrested for financial fraud and violating California's child labor laws for all the times she made Sam work long hours at the diner in spite of her being a minor. Sam finds that she was in fact accepted at Princeton; the acceptance letter is retrieved from the garbage by her stepsisters, who knew where Fiona hid it. Fiona, Brianna, and Gabriella are made by the District Attorney to work off the money they stole from Sam at the diner, which is restored to its former glory by its new owners, Sam and Rhonda. Also, Austin's father comes to accept his son's desire to attend Princeton. Things even work out in the end for Carter as he makes a commercial for acne medication. Shelby, having previously rejected Carter for being an outcast even after he was a proper gentleman to her at the Halloween dance, aims to pursue him since he is now popular, but after finally seeing her true shallow and cruel nature, he turns her down for Astrid, the high school's goth DJ and announcer. The film ends with Sam and Austin, now officially a couple, driving off to Princeton together after Sam gets her phone back from Austin.
Convict 99	British	comedy	Marcel Varnel	Incompetent Dr Benjamin Twist (Will Hay) is dismissed from his job as headmaster at St. Michaels' School (the school returns in a later film The Ghost of St. Michael's), and applies for a job in another school. Going for interview, he is called into another office where they are expecting John Benjamin, a strict prison governor recently arrived from Australia who is applying for the vacancy at Blakedown Prison in Devon. On the way to what Twist believes is the school, he becomes drunk, and on arrival is mistaken for Max Slessor, a prisoner who had escaped during a jailbreak. Designated Convict 99 and in for seven years for forgery, Twist is soon discovered to be the new Prison Governor, and once put in his (dubiously) rightful place embarks on a programme to make the prison a more friendly place for the prisoners, funding it from the proceeds of a football pools win and stock market investments. Things take a turn for the worse, when the recaptured Slessor escapes again with a signed cheque. Altering the figures, he draws the entire prison funds from the bank. Twist and some of the convicts head in a prison van to Limehouse, in east London, to catch Slessor, recover the lost funds and then successfully break into the bank in the middle of the night to return the money.
 Three Summers	Australian	comedy	Ben Elton	The film's main plotline revolves around a blossoming romance between its two leads, pretentious theremin player Roland (Robert Sheehan) and down-to-earth pub band fiddler Keevy (Rebecca Breeds) The film also had a subplot about a racist bigot (played by Michael Caton) meeting a refugee boy and a group of indigenous folk dancers and learns the error of his ways. The film contains several running gags, revolving around feminist singer Diamond and her renditions of classic Australian songs and poems and a stern security guard who upholds the rules.
Summa Nachunu Irukku	Tamil	comedy	A. Venkatesh	Kannan (Thaman Kumar), who has lot of debt, comes from his village to find a job in Chennai. There, he becomes an auto-driver. Kannan then saves Anjali (Vibha Natarajan), the daughter of Gautham (A. Venkatesh). Gautham, also known as Dato, is a wealthy man in Malaysia. Kannan takes Anjali to a hospital and is mistaken by the doctors to be her husband. Most of the relatives and the father also mistake him for the husband. In the meantime, Anjali falls into a coma. Kannan cannot tell the truth because of his family's debt. Kannan, his friend Gunaseelan (Erode Mahesh) and his boss Chinniah (Thambi Ramaiah) take off to Malaysia along with Anjali's family. Appukutty (Appukutty), Gautham's cook, becomes suspicious of Kannan's identity. In addition to this enters Anjali's sister Ranjini (Archana Vishwanath). What transpires later forms the crux of the story.
The Saphead	American	comedy	Herbert Blaché	Nicholas Van Alstyne is the richest man in New York, but he is very disappointed in the behavior of his son, Bertie, who stays out all night gambling and partying, and who seems to show no talent or interest in work. In fact, Bertie is feigning this behavior because he believes it will help to impress the girl of his dreams, his adopted sister Agnes. Unfortunately, it helps him to do nothing more than get disowned by his father. Bertie's sister, Rose, is married to an unsuccessful lawyer named Mark, who is admired by Van Alstyne but in fact is a troublemaker. He has a mistress named Henrietta and an illegitimate child with her. When Henrietta dies after a long illness, a letter is sent to him informing him about the present circumstances. Mark manages to claim the letter is actually Bertie's, breaking Agnes' heart and ensuring Van Alstyne never wants to speak to his son again. Soon after, when Van Alstyne goes away on business he leaves Mark in charge of running the family's finances, but Mark plots to claim the family fortunes himself by selling off all their shares of stock. Bertie inadvertently saves the day by buying back all of the stock without realizing what he is doing. When Van Alstyne sees what has happened he forgives Bertie and allows him to marry Agnes. Mark, meanwhile, conveniently dies of a heart attack when he realizes that his scheme has failed. The film ends a year later, with the birth of Bertie and Agnes' twin children.
Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny	American	comedy	Liam Lynch	As a young man, JB (Jack Black) leaves his religious family and oppressive Midwestern town for Hollywood on a quest to form the world's most awesome rock band. There he meets acoustic guitarist KG (Kyle Gass), who is performing on the street, and begins worshipping him as a rock god because of his skills and attitude. KG feeds JB's fantasy by pretending to be famous with a self-named band (The Kyle Gass Project), and exploits him to do work such as cleaning his apartment and buying him weed (under the promise that JB can audition for his fictitious band.) After JB learns KG is actually unemployed and living off his parents, the two become equal, and KG apologizes to JB by giving him a brand-new guitar. They create their own band: Tenacious D, named for birthmarks found on their buttocks. (JB has a birthmark which says: Tenac, and KG has a mark which reads: ious D.) Soon JB and KG learn the deepest secret of rock: all the rock legends used the same guitar pick, The Pick of Destiny, which has supernatural powers. It was created by a dark wizard from a piece of Satan's tooth, as a gift to a blacksmith who saved his life from the great demon. The pick gives its holder unnatural abilities with stringed instruments. Infatuated by the prospect of becoming the next great rock star, JB immediately sets Tenacious D on a quest to steal the Pick of Destiny from a rock history museum. Along the way, the band briefly splits up, when KG decides that sex comes first in sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll, while JB wants to stick to the mission at hand. But soon, JB and KG come back together when they realize they need each other as friends. The two manage to steal the Pick of Destiny due to incompetent security at the rock museum. Armed with this supernatural pick, they plan to use the winnings from a local bar's talent contest to pay their rent, but before they can go on stage, they argue over who gets to use the pick first, snapping it in half accidentally. After a pep-talk from the bar's owner, they decide they are good enough to go onto the contest without the pick, not knowing that the owner is Satan in human form, looking for his missing tooth piece. Coming back outside (deciding they can both use half of the pick), they are confronted by Satan, who is complete when he places the Pick of Destiny back on his broken tooth, giving him the ability to use his supernatural powers on Earth. He threatens to make Tenacious D his first victim. To save their lives, Tenacious D challenge Satan to a rock-off, which he cannot deny, as the demon code strictly forbids him from declining such a challenge. As the bargain goes, if Tenacious D wins, Satan must return to hell on his own and pay their rent. But if Satan wins, he gets to take KG back with him as a sex slave. Ultimately, they lose (KG sings, That was a masterpiece! / He rocks too hard because he's not a mortal man.), and Satan attempts to shoot KG with a bolt of energy. JB jumps in the way, and the bolt bounces off his guitar, blowing off a piece of Satan's horn. JB is able to send him back to Hell with a magical incantation. (As explained earlier, should Satan become incomplete, he can be banished from the Earth with said incantation.) The two turn Satan's horn into the Bong of Destiny and the movie closes with the two smoking from it as they write new songs.
No Entry Pudhe Dhoka Aahey	Marathi	comedy	Ankush Choudhary	No Entry Pudhe Dhoka Aahe opens its doors to reveal the lives of three men. Krishna 'the married man'. Sunny ' the bachelor' and Prem,' the married bachelor'. Ironically, while the faithful Krishna has a very suspicious Kaajal as his wife, playboy Prem has a trusting wife Pooja. And there is Sunny's-to-be wife Sanjana, who is a bit of both. Trouble brews when Prem decides to make Krishna taste the forbidden fruit that he loves so much. This forbidden fruit assumes the form of sultry Bobby, who walks through the board right into the lives of them all, leading to chaos, craziness, commotion and crisis.[2]
Make Mine Mink	British	comedy	Robert Asher	A group of lodgers - Major Rayne, Nanette (Nan) and Pinkie Pinkerton - staying at the Kensington apartment of Dame Beatrice, an elderly philanthropist, are bored with their humdrum, restricted lives. Lily, Dame Bea's beautiful, young housekeeper, overhears an argument between their neighbours, the Spanagers. When Mrs. Spanager rejects her husband's gift of a mink coat due to his lies about his business trip, he pretends to throw the coat off their balcony, but actually just hides it. Lily snags it and gives it to her employer to show her gratitude for hiring her despite her criminal record. Dame Beatrice is at first delighted, but then assumes Lily has stolen it. She and the lodgers concoct a scheme to return the fur coat before its owners realize its absence. Despite several comical mishaps, the gang manage to do so using a plan drawn up by the retired Major. The four are so exhilarated by their escapade, they decide to steal more furs, presuming that intricacies of theft should prove no more difficult than was the return of the Spanagers' fur, with all the proceeds of their exploits being donated to charity. Their attempt to rob Madame Spolinski's boutique goes somewhat awry, due to Pinkie's ineptitude, but they still manage to get away with a fur coat. However, they have not considered how to dispose of their loot. The Major, pretending he is writing a book on delinquency, gets Lily to direct him to a shady cafe in Limehouse in search of a fence. It turns out that Lily is behind the times; it is now run by the Salvation Army. Meanwhile, they have to hide their activities from Lily, who is now dating policeman Jim Benham. When they catch a burglar hiding under Pinkie's bed, they agree to let him go on condition that he direct them to a fence. Dame Beatrice goes to make contact with the fence, only to discover, to her chagrin, that it is her own nephew Freddie. The £550 he pays her goes to an orphanage in dire straits. The quartet then go on a burglary spree. Their amateurish escapades become widely reported in the newspapers, one of which calls them superannuated Beatniks. On more than one occasion, they narrowly evade capture. Then Lily discovers what they are doing. Horrified, she explains how lucky they are not to be behind bars and makes them promise to stop their criminal activities. However, when Dame Beatrice receives an urgent request for money for a children's home, they decide to pull off one last job. The Major plans a raid on a high-tone, but illegal gambling party. Dame Beatrice pretends to be a gambler, while the rest of the group dress up as police officers. They stage a phoney raid of the premises, planning to make away with all the fur coats in the cloakroom, but a real police raid minutes later tests their mettle. They manage to escape with a few furs. Lily confronts them when she sees the new furs. When Inspector Pape from Scotland Yard turns up, they expect to be arrested. However, they are relieved to discover the inspector has come round regarding a fur reported stolen from Nan (by Pinkie, as it turns out). Once the inspector departs, a furious Lily extracts a promise to stop stealing furs. Then another plea reaches Dame Beatrice for a sorely needed charitable donation. She reminds her partners in crime that they promised not to steal furs only. When Lily and Jim go to see the Crown Jewels, as they are leaving, Lily thinks the four Beefeaters heading into the chamber holding the jewelry look familiar, then dismisses the fantastic idea. However, her instincts are correct.
Lal Bahadur Shastri	Malayalam	comedy	Rejishh Midhila	Lal (Jayasurya) is a simple good hearted young man who is search for a job, Bahadhur (Nedumudi Venu) is a former panchayath president who have an obsession towards liquor and women, and Shasthri(Aju Varghese) is a young farmer who struggles to get some document approved from a Government sector. The three men, who are total strangers travels to Ernakulam in a KSRTC bus. Bahadhur buys a lottery ticket from a boy and the boy gives another ticket to Lal as he doesn't have change. The trio part ways after reaching Ernakulam; but later come to know that the lottery ticket which Lal got has won one crore rupees. Then Lal, Bahadhur and Shasthri join hands and goes in search of the missing ticket. This forms the crux of the story.
The Huggetts Abroad	British	comedy	Ken Annakin	After Joe Huggett loses his job, the family decide to emigrate to South Africa, travelling via a land route that takes them across Africa. On their journey they become entangled with a diamond smuggler.
No Kidding	British	comedy	Gerald Thomas	David (Leslie Phillips) and Catherine Robinson (Geraldine McEwan) move into a rundown country house. After a number of failed ventures, they are looking to build a solid business. They strike upon the idea of setting up a summer home for the children of the wealthy. They attract a number of customers, and hire a matron (June Jago) and a cook (Joan Hickson), and immediately fall foul of a local councillor (Irene Handl) who does not believe they should be allowed to look after children. The families arrive and drop off their children. They range from polite, scared and helpful to wild, spoilt, rebellious children led by an American brother and sister, and an English fantasist girl (Julia Lockwood), who tries to insist that she has been maltreated by her in fact kindly family. As the children grow increasingly ill-disciplined, the staff and owners battle to keep them under control. The father advocates a tough approach while his wife beliefs that the children's freedom should be allowed to flourish. They are undermined by an increasingly drunken cook, and the wild antics of the children. After an illicit midnight trip out to a nearby cafe, the children are grounded for two days. They also hear that the local council are sending an inspector round, who is likely to close them down if they fail the test. They rally the staff and children, who behave correctly when the visitors come. When the children's families come to collect them, they refuse to come down - wishing they could stay. They insist that in future they are treated better by their parents, to which the parents agree. The children depart. The Robinsons, realising that they have now got financial security, decide to fulfil their dream of having more children of their own.
The Pink Panther 2	American	comedy	Harald Zwart	When the master thief The Tornado steals expensive artifacts from around the world, France assembles a Dream Team of Amateur Detectives to solve the case. Inspector Clouseau is reassigned from his task as a parking officer by Chief Inspector Dreyfus to join the Dream Team in Japan, site of the Tornado's recent heist. At the airport, as soon as he steps over the border and leaves France, news breaks that the Pink Panther diamond has been stolen, prompting Clouseau, who had up to that point been wary of leaving, to say, I told you. Clouseau travels back to the scene of the crime and joins the other members of the Dream Team: Inspector Pepperidge, from Great Britain; Vincenzo, from Italy; Kenji, an electronics specialist from Japan; and Sonia, a researcher and criminology expert from India. They go to Rome to investigate a black market fence, Alonso Avellaneda, who deals with The Tornado. Assuming he is The Tornado, the Dream Team question him while Clouseau snoops around. Avellaneda vindicates himself by demonstrating that he lacks a bullet-wound to the right shoulder that the Tornado suffered over a decade ago. After they leave, he meets with the real Tornado. That night, Clouseau and his partner, Ponton, spy on Avellaneda, using a wire they planted on him, as he takes a date out for dinner. The mission is compromised when they find Vincenzo and Clouseau's girlfriend, Nicole, together at the restaurant. Having been banned for burning down the restaurant three months earlier, Clouseau disguises himself as a dancer and switches the wire to Nicole's table. In the process, he ends up burning down the restaurant again. At the same time, The Tornado steals the Pope's ring, an act which turns public opinion against the Dream Team. When Clouseau's acts of foolishness aggravate the situation, he is voted off the team; only Sonia sympathizes with him. Shortly afterward, Clouseau is called to an office where they see the Tornado has killed himself and left a suicide note that claims he destroyed the Pink Panther – regarding it as being so beautiful that he could not bring anyone other than himself to own it – and left the other treasures to be recovered. Examining a key they found in the Pope's Chambers, they match the DNA of the victim with DNA of the Tornado acquired when he was shot, and thus believe themselves to have solved the case. However, Clouseau is unconvinced and believes the Tornado was not the thief. For their victory, a celebration is thrown in the Dream Team's honor. Clouseau, who was not invited, discovers something in a license plate of Sonia's car and calls Ponton. He tries to tell Dreyfus the real thief is still at large, but is ignored. Dreyfus relays to the group that Clouseau told him Sonia was the thief, and the group, treating the idea as a joke, work out a plausible explanation for how she could have done it; as the Tornado's ex-lover, she would have in-depth knowledge of his methods, and has set up a situation to draw all attention to the thefts of the other artifacts while leaving her free to sell the Pink Panther. As Sonia leaves, Nicole, beginning to realize that what Clouseau and the group said could be true, asks her to take everything out of her purse. Sonia pulls out a gun, and after initially threatening to shoot Nicole, she shoots Clouseau, but the bullet hits the medal of honor. A chase ensues, with Clouseau and the Dream Team attempting to catch Sonia, while all the members of the team but Clouseau make fools of themselves through various accidents caused by Clouseau's clumsiness. Finally cornered, Sonia threatens to destroy the Pink Panther, and Clouseau goads her to do so. Sonia attempts to escape, but is knocked out by Ponton and arrested by the police. Clouseau reveals that Sonia had destroyed a fake gem; Clouseau had, in fact, kept the real Pink Panther in his possession, having switched them at the museum before he was about to leave France. The Tornado, an expert on gems, would have recognized the Pink Panther to be a fake; therefore, his suicide note was forged, and he was murdered. He reveals that he had given Sonia's car a ticket two days before the Pink Panther was stolen, contradicting her alibi of having been delayed to the crime scene because of her flight, which revealed to him that Sonia was the culprit. Dreyfus tries to claim credit for having appointed Clouseau to his parking job, but Clouseau, remembering Dreyfus told him to deny this to anyone who asked, rebukes the claim.
Knocked Up	American	comedy	Judd Apatow	Alison Scott (Katherine Heigl) is a career-minded woman who has just been given an on-air role with E! and is living in the pool house with her sister Debbie's (Leslie Mann) family. Ben Stone (Seth Rogen) is laid-back and sardonic. He lives off funds received in compensation for an injury and sporadically works on a celebrity porn website with his roommates (Jay Baruchel, Jonah Hill, Jason Segel and Martin Starr), in between smoking marijuana or going off with them at theme parks such as Knott's Berry Farm. While celebrating her promotion, Alison meets Ben at a local nightclub. After a night of drinking, they end up having sex. Due to a misunderstanding, they don't use protection: Alison uses the phrase Just do it already to encourage Ben to put the condom on, but he misinterprets this to mean to dispense with using one. The following morning, they quickly learn over breakfast that they have little in common and go their separate ways, which leaves Ben visibly upset. Eight weeks later, Alison experiences morning sickness during an interview with James Franco and realizes she could be pregnant. She contacts Ben for the first time since their one-night stand to tell him. Although insensitive at first, Ben says he will be there to support Alison. While he is still unsure about being a parent, his father (Harold Ramis) is excited. Alison's mother (Joanna Kerns) tries to persuade her daughter to have an abortion, but Alison decides to keep the child. Later, Alison and Ben decide to give their relationship a chance. The couple's efforts include Ben making an awkward marriage proposal with an empty ring box, promising to get her one someday. Alison thinks it's too early to think about marriage, because she is more concerned with hiding the pregnancy from her bosses, believing that they will fire her if they ever found out. After a somewhat promising beginning, tensions surface in the relationship. Alison is increasingly worried about Ben's lack of responsibility and commitment, and has doubts about the longevity of their relationship. These thoughts are due to her sister's unhappy marriage. Debbie's husband, Pete (Paul Rudd), works as a talent scout for rock bands, but he leaves at odd hours in the night, which makes her suspect he is having an affair. Upon investigating, she learns that he is actually part of a fantasy baseball draft, which he explains he participates in to be free from Debbie's controlling manner. This results in their separation, and when Ben expresses amusement at Pete's deception, it leads to a heated argument with Alison as they drive to her doctor. Angered, she ejects him from her car and abandons him in the middle of a busy street. He tracks her down to her appointment and they both start another argument, leading to their own breakup. Ben and Pete decide to go on a road trip to Las Vegas. Under the heavy influence of psychedelic mushrooms, they realize their loss and decide to take responsibility for their relationships. Simultaneously, Debbie drags a timid Alison out partying with her, but they are refused admission to a nightclub by its apologetic bouncer (Craig Robinson) on account of Debbie's age and Alison's pregnancy, leading to Debbie's tearful laments about her life and her desire to have Pete back. They reconcile at their daughter's birthday party, but when Ben tries to work things out with Alison, she doesn't want to get back together. Alison's boss finds out about her pregnancy, and sees an opportunity to boost ratings with female viewers by having Alison interview pregnant celebrities. After a talk with his father, Ben decides to take responsibility and goes to great effort to change his ways, including moving out of his friends' house, getting an office job as a web designer, and creating a baby's room in his new apartment. He also starts reading the pregnancy books that he had purchased early on. When Alison goes into labor and is unable to contact her doctor, she calls Ben, as Debbie and Pete are at Legoland. Ben discovers that the gynecologist they had been seeing (Loudon Wainwright) is out of town, at a Bar Mitzvah, despite having assured them that he never took vacations. Ben calls him and leaves a furious voicemail, threatening murder. During labor, Alison apologizes for doubting Ben's commitment and admits that she never thought the man who got her pregnant would be the right one for her. When Debbie and Pete arrive at the hospital, Ben adamantly refuses to allow her to be at Alison's side, insisting that it's his place. Debbie is both furious and impressed that Ben took charge of the situation and begins to change her formerly negative opinion about him. The couple welcomes a baby girl (a boy in the alternate ending) and settle down happily together in a new apartment in Los Angeles.
Home Sweet Hell	American	comedy	Anthony Burns	Don Champagne (Patrick Wilson) runs a successful furniture business. His wife Mona (Katherine Heigl) has everything planned according to the book of her goals. One day an attractive young woman named Dusty (Jordana Brewster) applies for the job as saleswoman at Don’s store. After consulting with his partner Les (Jim Belushi), Don hires Dusty. Don is desperate because of his poor sex life with his wife. Shortly, Dusty seduces him and they start having an affair. Later, Dusty shows up at the birthday party of Don and Mona’s son Andrew (Aiden Flowers). She tells Don that she is pregnant and wants to keep the baby. Don is desperate and Les advises him to pay Dusty money. Meanwhile, it is revealed, that Dusty is actually the abused girlfriend of a criminal named Murphy (A.J. Buckley) and she is lying to Don about the pregnancy. Don offers Dusty $13,000, which she refuses, telling Don that it will not be enough. Don is not sure whether Dusty will keep her mouth shut, and Les advises him to tell Mona the truth before she finds it out from Dusty. Don confesses to Mona and she demands that Don kill Dusty. Murphy is not satisfied with the amount of money, so Dusty calls Don and demands $25,000. Don agrees, but instead prepares poison for Dusty together with Mona. Dusty shows up to take the money and drinks the poisoned drink. Don and Mona put an unconscious Dusty in the car and take her home. Dusty wakes up, so Mona kills her with a hammer. Later she saws Dusty's body into pieces and buries it in the garden, and reveals to Don that Dusty wasn't actually pregnant. Murphy and his friends, Freeman (Kevin McKidd) and Benji (Heath Freeman), discover Dusty is missing, and suspect that something went wrong and attack Les. Murphy also threatens Don by leaving his son a letter, in which he demands a meeting at a strip club. Don meets Murphy and his gang and convinces them that Dusty went to Dallas. Murphy tells Don that she had his money and threatens to rape his family if he does not pay him $20,000 the next day. Don and Mona dig out the body of Dusty and go to the place where the gang lives. While Mona is trying to hide body parts in the freezer, Freeman comes home with his girlfriend. Mona mortally wounds Freeman, stabs and kills his girlfriend, and shortly calls the police to report a disturbance at the house. Before dying, Freeman calls Murphy and tells him what happened. Murphy and Benji arrive and find Freeman and his girlfriend dead. Murphy also discovers parts of Dusty in the freezer and realizes he has been set up. Soon the police arrive and find Murphy and Benji at the crime scene. The police shoot Benji, while Murphy escapes. The police decide that Murphy and Benji were responsible for the murders. While alone, Don asks Mona about the reason that she is cold-blooded, and if it was due to her upbringing. Mona threatens to kill him if he asks her that question again. At a house party the next day, Don finds the neighbor's dog dead in his freezer, and Mona displays very antisocial behavior with their guests. Afraid, Don stages an accident to kill Mona. After her death, Don and his children move to a new house and are seen in the driveway getting into a new car and driving away. The movie ends with Murphy going after their car. The screen turns black and the end credits roll. Two shots are heard followed by a prolonged honk and children's screams, indicating that Murphy had killed Don.
Yedyanchi Jatra	Marathi	comedy	Milind Arun Kawade	Harya dreams of leaving his small village, but promises his grandfather on his deathbed that he will stay and take care of the family farm. He comes up with a scheme to settle the problem of where to put nightsoil. Meanwhile, landlord Bhangade Patil plots to take over his land.
Fun with Dick and Jane	American	comedy	Dean Parisot	In the year 2000, Dick Harper (Jim Carrey) has been promoted to Vice President of Communications for a large media corporation known as Globodyne. The following day, he is on a television program with presidential candidate Ralph Nader, who calls Globodyne perverters of the American dream, claiming it helps the super-rich get even wealthier. As they speak, Globodyne's stock value collapses, rendering all investments – including all the employees' savings and pensions – worthless. Dick arrives home, where his wife Jane (Téa Leoni) tells him that she quit her job as a travel agent following his promotion to spend more time with the family. Dick breaks the news of the company's failure over dinner. Despite his attempts, Dick is unable to find another job with comparable pay, and within a short time, the family faces bankruptcy. After accepting the prospect of being poor, Dick and Jane apply for low-paying jobs. Both are unable to keep them, and soon their utilities are cut off, forcing them to sell off personal property to stay afloat. When they are confronted with a 24-hour eviction notice, Dick decides to turn to a life of crime. After several failed robbery attempts, Dick and Jane successfully rob a head shop. They begin nightly robbing sprees and become more comfortable and professional over time. They soon steal enough money to pay off their debts including their house and car, both of which were about to be repossessed. For one last heist, Dick and Jane plan to rob a local bank. All goes as planned until the Petersons – another couple formerly employed at Globodyne – make an amateurish attempt to rob the same bank. The Petersons are quickly arrested, and the Harpers take advantage of the hysteria to evade police and escape. After watching news footage of the arrests and other crimes committed by former Globodyne employees, the Harpers decide to cease criminal activity and live a normal life again. Dick, however, discovers that he's about to be indicted for his unwitting role in Globodyne's demise. At a local bar, Dick encounters Frank Bascombe (Richard Jenkins), the former CFO of Globodyne, who is drunk and guilt-ridden. Frank tells Dick the company's crooked CEO Jack McCallister (Alec Baldwin) diverted all of Globodyne's assets and dumped all of his stock, thus ruining the company and its employees while embezzling a $400-million fortune. Frank, who is about to go to prison after a failed attempt to expose McCallister's crimes, has received a $10 million bribe from McCallister in exchange for his silence. After learning about McCallister's scheme, Dick, Jane and Frank decide to take revenge. Frank tells them McCallister plans to transfer his $400 million in bearer bonds to an offshore account. Dick and Jane intercept the transfer form inside the bank and substitute a fake form, transferring the funds to an account Frank has established. McCallister notices the account number on the form and demands to have it corrected. Dick confronts McCallister and demands that he sign a blank check. Knowing Dick's threats are empty, McCallister writes him a check for $100 and leaves the bank. Dick tells Jane that was his contingency plan; Jane, an art major in college, can now forge McCallister's signature. The next day, McCallister is mobbed by reporters and former Globodyne employees, all praising him for his generosity. Dick appears, and as McCallister's vice president, hands him a prepared statement, which McCallister reads on live television. McCallister is shocked to announce that he has transferred $400 million to a trust fund to support Globodyne's defunct pension plan in gratitude to his former employees. Dick, Jane, and Frank lead the cheers from the crowd, while McCallister faces them, unable to expose the trio without revealing his own crimes. A news report later shows Dick and Jane delivering pension fund checks to former Globodyne employees, including the now-imprisoned Petersons, implies that Dick has avoided indictment, while reporting that McCallister's net worth has been reduced to only $2,283. A year later, Dick's family drives a rusty old Volkswagen into the sunset. While Billy is teaching his parents Spanish, a Bentley containing Dick's friend Garth (John Michael Higgins) approaches. Garth tells Dick he has a new job at a company called Enron.
Minions	American	comedy	Pierre Coffin and Kyle Balda	Minions are small, yellow creatures who have existed since the beginning of time, evolving from yellow single-celled organisms into beings which exist only to serve history's most despicable masters.[14] After rolling a Tyrannosaurus into a volcano, getting their caveman leader eaten by a cave bear, crushing a Pharaoh under the pyramids while his people survive, burning Count Dracula on his birthday party, and accidentally firing a cannon at Napoleon, the Minions are driven into isolation and start a new life in a massive cave in the Arctic. After many years, the Minions become depressed, restless, and unmotivated without a master to serve. To regain their dignity and sense of purpose, Kevin, one fearless Minion, decides to set out to find a new master and asks for help. Stuart, a musically inclined Minion, and Bob, a young and inexperienced but enthusiastic Minion, are recruited. The trio journey to New York, when the year is 1968. After spending the day attempting to blend in, the Minions end up in a department store for the night, where they discover a hidden commercial broadcast for villains advertising Villain-Con; a convention for villains and supervillains in Orlando. The trio hitchhikes a ride with the Nelson family and impress them with their accidental villainy. At the convention, they see Scarlet Overkill, the first female supervillain, who hires them and takes them to her home in England. Scarlet explains the plan to steal the Imperial State Crown from the Queen of England and promises to reward the Minions if they steal it but kill them if they do not. Her husband, Herb, supplies them with inventions to aid in the heist, but they are nearly caught when they break into the Tower of London, which leads to a chase that ends with Bob crashing into the Sword in the Stone and pulling it free, removing the Queen from the throne and becoming King Bob. Enraged, Scarlet confronts the Minions, so Bob abdicates the throne in her favor. Undeterred because she feels betrayed, Scarlet imprisons the three in a dungeon to be tortured by Herb before her coronation, but they escape with the intention to apologize to Scarlet. Making their way to Westminster Abbey, the three of them interrupt the coronation by accidentally dropping a chandelier on Scarlet, who orders their execution. Dozens of villains chase them; Bob and Stuart are caught, while Kevin finds his way into a pub. He sees Scarlet on a television, promising that she will kill Stuart and Bob if Kevin does not show up by dawn. Kevin sneaks into Scarlet's castle to steal weapons but inadvertently triggers a machine Herb was building and enlarges himself. He tramples through London, rescuing his friends just as the other Minions reunite with them. Scarlet tries to eradicate them, but Kevin swallows a massive missile she fires at them. Scarlet and Herb attempt to escape with her rocket-dress, but Kevin holds onto it. The missile detonates, causing it to explode. After the Minions briefly mourn him, Kevin returns, having returned to his normal size. The original Queen from the earlier part of the story receives her place on the throne and crown back and rewards Bob with a tiny crown for his teddy bear and Stuart an electric guitar, and she knights Kevin for his heroism. She suddenly realizes that her crown is missing, and Kevin leads a chase after Scarlet and Herb, who survived the explosion and are fleeing through the crowd with the bejeweled crown until they are suddenly frozen in place by a young Gru, who steals the crown from them and takes off in a rocket-powered motorbike while the Minions stare in awe. Bob gives his crown to the frozen Scarlet, and the Minions see Gru as their new potential master and give chase to follow him home.
Brewster's Millions	American	comedy	Oscar Apfel, Cecil B. DeMille	Wealthy Edwin Peter Brewster disowns his son Robert when he marries Louise Sedgwick, a woman of modest means. Many years later, when Robert dies, however, E.P. Brewster leaves one million dollars to their son Monty, a bank clerk. Shortly thereafter, Monty learns that he has inherited seven million dollars from his Uncle George on the stipulation that Monty divest himself of his grandfather's fortune within a year, without revealing why. A further stipulation is that the money must be used only for personal expenditures. Monty spends lavishly, invests in stock and makes a bet on a prize fight, but the bet and the stocks pay off. In desperation he rents and repairs a yacht to sail around the world. At one port, Monty saves Peggy Gray, his childhood sweetheart, from abduction by an Arab sheik. On the eve of gaining possession of the money, Monty proposes to Peggy, who eagerly accepts, thinking that Monty is a pauper. Then a cable informs Monty that Swearengen Jones, his uncle's executor, has absconded with the fortune. Unperturbed, Peggy and Monty marry but then are presented with the inheritance as a wedding present by Jones, who turns out to be a practical joker.
Game 6	American	comedy	Michael Hoffman	Nicky Rogan has written several plays and has achieved success. It's now opening night of his latest effort and everyone around him assure him that this one will be the best yet. But as opening hour approaches, Rogan falls prey to doubts and fears, egged on by another playwright whose last work was trashed by the local newspaper's new drama critic, Steven Schwimmer. He eventually lets those fears drive him to resolve to kill the critic (who he assumes will also trash his play) and he procures a handgun with which to perform the deed. Instead of attending the play's opening night, Rogan spends time in a bar, accompanied by a lady cab driver and her grandson; earlier in the evening she misidentified Rogan as a local, small-time hoodlum but he doesn't correct her misidentification. They watch the most crucial Game 6 of the World Series playoff between the Boston Red Sox and the New York Mets. The Sox have won 3 games and could clinch the title by winning Game 6 but Rogan, a lifelong Sox fan, knows how easily the team can lose when they should win. He spends the evening waiting for the inevitable, even though the Sox are lead most of the time. When the inevitable does occur (due to an unexpected pair of errors at the end of the final inning), he snaps and leaves to take out his rage on the newspaper critic. Rogan not only finds the critic but sees him in the early stages of deflowering the playwright's daughter. He begins firing wildly and is finally calmed when he learns the critic is equally devastated by the Sox's loss. They end up together, watching an interminable rerun of the final error on a small television set in the critic's apartment.
The Astonished Heart	British	comedy	Terence Fisher	The film follows the growing obsession of a psychiatrist (Coward) for a good-time girl (Leighton) and the resulting tragedy this leads to.[4][5] The doctor quotes Deuteronomy 28, Verse 28: The LORD shall smite thee with madness, and blindness, and astonishment of heart, foreshadowing his path while making reference to the movie title. The May-December affair between a psychiatrist and young blond destroys his seemingly blissful relationship with his wife (Celia Johnson). In the end, Dr. Christian Faber's obsession with his beautiful mistress, Leanora Vail, leads him to commit suicide by jumping from the roof of the apartment building where he lived with his wife and conducted business with his partner Tim and assistant Susan. He lives long enough to ask for Leanora, yet, does not know it is her thinking it is his wife (Barbara) instead, then says a few words and dies.
Relative Strangers	American	comedy	Greg Glienna	Thirty-four-year-old psychologist Richard Clayton's (Ron Livingston) parents reveal to him that he was adopted. He then sets out to find out who his biological parents are, but disaster ensues when it turns out that his parents, Frank (Danny DeVito) and Agnes Menure (Kathy Bates), are crude, lower class carnies. They follow him home and cause chaos to his normal life. There are frequent references to the movie Mother, Jugs & Speed used by the characters in the film.
You Live and Learn	British	comedy	Arthur B. Woods	American chorus-girl Mamie Wallace (Glenda Farrell) travels to Paris with a ramshackle touring musical revue. The company runs out of money, and it looks as though Mamie and her dancing colleagues are going to be stranded in Europe with no way home. Luckily, she meets a handsome, well-spoken Englishman Peter Millett (Claude Hulbert), who falls in love with her and proposes marriage. Under the impression that he is a man of means, she readily accepts, imagining an entrée to English high society. The couple return to England, and Mamie discovers to her horror that not only is her new home a decrepit farmhouse out in the sticks, but that Peter is a widower and his three children also come as part of the package. Despite her disappointment, she shows her pluck and spirit by determining not to run away but to stay and make the best of things. However the local villagers are shocked by her city ways and appearance and make it difficult for her to fit in. An additional difficulty reveals itself in the person of local schoolteacher Dot Harris, who has long had an eye on Peter for herself and is now consumed with jealousy and spite, going out of her way to cause trouble for Mamie at every opportunity. However Mamie's good nature and decency are gradually acknowledged, and she triumphs in the end.
A Calamitous Elopement	American	comedy	D.W. Griffith	A young couple decides to elope after being caught in the midst of a romantic moment by the woman's angry father. They make plans to leave, but a thief discovers their plans and hides in their trunk and waits for the right moment to steal their belongings.
Son Of Sardaar	Bollywood	comedy	Ashwni Dhir	The story revolves around two families, whose patriarchs killed each other many years ago. Their respective sons, Jaswinder Randhawa and Balwinder Sandhu, are sworn enemies. Jaswinder has been in hiding in London, whereas Balwinder is waiting for his return in Punjab so he can avenge the death of his father. In the present day, Jassi Randhawa (Ajay Devgn) is an unemployed good-for-nothing man who receives a letter from the Punjab government about buying his property in Punjab. To sell the property, Jassi leaves for Punjab. On the train, he meets and falls in love with Sukhmeet (Sonakshi Sinha). In Punjab, Jassi accidentally meets Billu (Sanjay Dutt) and, seeing he is new to the area, Billu invites Jassi to his home, where he treats Jassi like a God. There, Jassi realises that Billu is Sukhmeet's brother. Soon enough, it is revealed that Billu is Balwinder Singh and Jassi is short for Jaswinder. However, Billu's family has to follow one Punjabi rule: A guest in the house should never be harmed. Now, Billu must wait for Jassi to leave the house to kill him. Jassi learns about it and comes up with a hilarious plan to foil Billu's shenanigans.
Keeping Up with the Steins	American	comedy	Scott Marshall	Benjamin Fiedler is the 13-year-old son of Jewish couple Adam and Joanne Fiedler. After attending the elaborate bar mitzvah party for the son of Arnie Stein - which was done on a cruise ship, with a Titanic theme - Benjamin's parents decide to go all out for his bar mitzvah. The plan is to rent Dodger Stadium for the bar mitzvah party, complete with movie stars and everything. Adam even kombooks Neil Diamond to sing the National Anthem. However, Benjamin does not want to go through with it, as he does not even understand the words of the haftorah he has to read as part of his bar mitzvah rite. To try to stall the planning, he secretly invites his grandfather Irwin, who is now living on an Indian reservation with a New Age woman named Sacred Feather. When Benjamin's grandfather arrives, it puts a kink in the planning - as Irwin had a falling out with his son Adam, both for having left Adam when he was a teenager, and for Adam's own humiliating bar mitzvah. Irwin must then pull off somehow reconciling with his son while helping his grandson deal with the question of what it means to be a man. Now appreciating his bar mitzvah not as an excuse to throw a party but rather as a rite of passage in his Jewish life, Benjamin gets up the courage to tell his parents to call off the over-the-top bash they had planned. After he does very well at the service the party is just a casual backyard affair with lunch, a klezmer band (with a guest-star singer and guitarist, as Adam couldn't cancel Neil Diamond) and lots of family and friends.
Christmas with the Kranks	American	comedy	Joe Roth	After Riverside, Illinois couple Luther (Tim Allen) and Nora Krank (Jamie Lee Curtis) see their daughter, Blair (Julie Gonzalo), depart for a Peace Corps assignment in Peru on the Sunday following Thanksgiving, empty nest syndrome sets in. Luther calculates the couple spent $6,132 during the previous year's holiday season and, not looking forward to celebrating Christmas without their daughter, he suggests they invest the money usually spent on decorations, gifts, and entertainment and treat themselves to a ten-day Caribbean cruise instead. Skeptical at first, Nora finally agrees under the condition that they still give a donation to the church and Children's Hospital. Luther tries to refuse but finally agrees and they begin planning the trip. The Kranks are amazed to discover they are considered pariahs as a result of their decision. Luther's co-workers think he has become Ebenezer Scrooge when he gives all his employees letters that state about his Christmas boycott, local stationer Aubie is distressed to lose the couple's order for their engraved greeting cards and Christmas Eve party invitations, the Boy Scout troop is upset and angered when the Kranks refuse to purchase one of their Christmas trees to help the scouts make enough money for a camporee, and the police are stunned to discover they won't be buying this year's calendar from them. Most vocal in their objections are neighbors Vic Frohmeyer (Dan Aykroyd) and Walt Scheel (M. Emmet Walsh). Vic, who's the unelected leader of the street, organizes a campaign to force the Kranks to decorate their home so Hemlock Street won't lose the coveted award for best decorations. Vic has political and bureaucratic connections in Chicago. Walt doesn't seem to like Luther, so his efforts are primarily personal. However, it is revealed that Walt's wife Bev is suffering from cancer, perhaps dampening his holiday spirits. Children picket, led by Vic's son Spike (Erik Per Sullivan), neighbors constantly call, and Christmas carolers try to revive the Kranks' holiday spirit by singing on their lawn, which Luther stops by freezing his front lawn. Even the newspaper gets into the act by publishing a front page story complete with a photograph of the unlit Krank house and states that the Kranks' street has lost the prize and won sixth place because of how Luther and Nora refused to decorate their house. Still, Luther and Nora continue to stand their ground. The two are in the process of packing on Christmas Eve morning when they receive a call from Blair, who announces she's at Miami International Airport, en route home with her Peruvian fiancé as a surprise for her parents. She's anxious to introduce Enrique to her family's holiday traditions, and when she asks if they're having their usual party that night, a panicked Nora says yes. Comic chaos ensues as the couple finds themselves trying to decorate the house and coordinate a party with only twelve hours to spare before their daughter and future son-in-law arrive. While Nora scrambles to find food, especially Blair's favorite honey glazed ham, Luther goes to buy a tree from the Boy Scouts but they only have one worthless non-green tree left since their sales went big and rapid. Luther decides to give a donation by giving them money but taking the tree in the process; he then rejects it by throwing it in his backyard. While Spike leads a picket at the Kranks', Luther arranges to borrow the tree of neighbor Wes Trogdon (who is going away for a week with his kids and wife to close relatives) being given the warning that he is not to break one ornament or damage it. Luther and Spike try to transport it across the street on Spike's Radio Flyer wagon, only for the neighbors to confuse this with Luther stealing the family's Christmas tree and end up calling for the police to arrest him for theft. Spike comes to Luther's rescue by showing the neighbors and officers that Luther has Trogdon's keys and thus was given permission to borrow the tree. Nora comes home enraged at Luther for making the borrowed Christmas tree a Disaster and how she had to buy Smoked Trout to replace the honey ham (which was crushed by a truck). Once it is established why Luther is trying frantically to decorate his home, the neighbors, led by Vic, come out full force to help him and Nora ready it for Blair. Blair calls to say she landed from Miami; despite this, she is sent by a police transport to their house thus leaving her still unaware of the chaos. After subtly giving everybody, including Blair and Enrique, a half-hearted toast, Luther tries to convince Nora to accept the cruise when she confronts him for the toast, but she refuses, disgusted that he isn't happy Blair is home. Having a change of heart, Luther sadly slips out of the house and goes across the street to the Scheel home. Bev's cancer, once in remission, has returned and, knowing this may be their last holiday together, Luther insists they take the cruise in place of him and Nora, going so far as to offer to take care of their hated cat, Muffles, so they can go. At first Walt and Bev decline, but ultimately decide to accept his generosity; as a result, Luther, whose holiday spirit has been renewed, realizes skipping Christmas wasn't as good an idea as he had originally thought.
 Kicking & Screaming	American	comedy	Jesse Dylan	Phil Weston (Will Ferrell), is an average person who had to endure his father Buck Weston's (Robert Duvall) over-competitiveness throughout his childhood, an upbringing which has left permanent mental scars. Now middle-aged and married, with a young son named Sam, Phil runs a small vitamin store, while Buck operates a local chain of sports stores. Buck is coach of the Gladiators, the most successful little-league soccer team in the district. Sam is on Buck's soccer team, but to his dad's annoyance his grandfather keeps him on the bench, a humiliation he also visited upon his son decades prior. Buck eventually transfers Sam to the Tigers, the league's worst team. At Sam's first game with his new team their coach is absent. Rather than forfeit, Phil decides to coach the team, a position he takes up permanently. However, despite Phil's best efforts the team does not seem to improve. In desperation Phil recruits Mike Ditka (played by himself), who is Buck's neighbor and hated enemy. Enticed by the opportunity to beat Buck, Ditka accepts the position. Despite grueling training, the team continues to lose. Ditka introduces Phil to two exceptionally talented Italian boys working in a local butcher's shop. Phil succeeds in gaining their Uncle's permission for them to play for the Tigers. They have an immediate impact, scoring repeatedly. The resulting winning streak makes them serious contenders in the league. After finally winning a couple of games and Phil said that his team was going to go to the finals, Phil and Buck make a bet, if the Gladiators win then Phil would sell his store and work for Buck. If the Tigers win then Buck would hand over his most prized possession, 'The Pelé Ball', a soccer ball struck by the famous player which Phil caught as a child and Buck took from him. Meanwhile, Ditka also introduces Phil to coffee, which rapidly changes him from a mild-mannered caring dad, to an obnoxious, egotistical, over-competitive coach, not that different from his father, abusing kids and parents alike. The team's mantra becomes Get the ball to the Italians, which, though effective, demoralizes his team. In the ultimate over-competitive act he benches his own son for the entire semi-final game. The Tigers make it to the finals where they face off against the Gladiators. At half-time, the score is two-one to the Gladiators. In a heart-to-heart discussion with his son, Phil realizes the error of his ways. He tells his team to do exactly the opposite of what he taught them. Although the Gladiators score one more goal after half-time, they don't give up hope. Phil gives the goalie a vision test with glasses from the crowd. From there, Ambrose scores one goal—making the score three-two. After another goal, the score is tied. The team rallies and produces a spectacular team performance to win 4-3, with Sam scoring the winning goal against his uncle Bucky (Josh Hutcherson), (Buck's child who was born on the exact day as Sam) using a move that he practiced when his dad benched him in the semi-finals. Honoring the bet, Buck tries to give Phil the ball, but Phil refuses. Making peace with his father, they merge their businesses, realizing there is more to life than winning. The film ends with an adapted version of the He's Got Balls commercial originally produced by Buck. In it, the entire Tigers team appear, announcing the merger of Phil's vitamin shop—Phil's Pills—and Buck's Sporting Goods Store. The team shouts, after the He's got balls line, And vitamins. Closing credits are set to a cover The Beatles song We Can Work It Out.
Stone Bros.	Australian	comedy	Richard Frankland	Eddie (Carroll) is working as a cleaner in a museum in Perth, Western Australia, but loses his job because of an accident that sees a series of cardboard cutout images of Australia's Prime Ministers fall down in a domino effect, resulting in an image of John Howard landing on and killing his boss's cat. When his cousin Charlie (Burchill) trades away Eddie's favourite jacket, he unwittingly loses a sacred stone, entrusted to Eddie by his uncle, which he promised to one day return to its home in Kalgoorlie. This is the final straw, as far as Eddie is concerned, and he sets off to recover the stone and reconnect with his aboriginal roots. Charlie, escaping the wrath of his vengeful girlfriend, forces himself along for the ride, and Eddie's spiritual journey takes a very sharp turn off-track. Along the way, they pick up what Charlie mistakes for a 'hot chick' only to find they are landed with Vinnie (del Torro), a self-described Italian rock star. Soon after they are joined by Eddie and Charlie's transgender cousin Regina (Page), who dreams of making it big on the Koori edition of 'Australian Idol',[2] and a confused European Australian cop (Phelps) who dreams of going walkabout.[3][4]
Chal Pichchur Banate Hain	Bollywood	comedy	Pritish Chakraborty	Suraj has everything any young man would kill for – an MBA, a well-paid job and an offer from UK with a salary of 5,000 pounds. But Suraj is no ordinary boy! He has only one passion – Cinema. His only dream is to be a film Producer-Director. He chooses passion over money and becomes a rebel. He produces a shocker to his family and friends, that he is quitting his job to follow his dream of film making. Being disowned by everyone and without any industry contacts, Suraj is left all alone to find his way in the big bad world of Bollywood. Suraj starts his career by putting posters alongside roads. He struggles as an assistant on the sets and has to face rejection from the industry, his friends, family and loved ones. Chal Pichchur Banate Hain is Suraj’s passionate journey from an MBA to a filmmaker.
Jumping for Joy	British	comedy	John Paddy Carstairs	A man buys a greyhound and enters it in a major race, but discovers the dog has one paw in the grave. As our hero nurses the pooch back to health, he also gets mixed up with criminals who want to fix the race by doping dogs.[1][2]
The Boss	American	comedy	Ben Falcone	The story follows Michelle Darnell (Melissa McCarthy), a titan of industry who is sent to prison for insider trading, denounced by her former lover, Renault (Peter Dinklage), who still holds a heavy grudge towards her for their breakup, after getting a promotion a few years ago. After doing her time, Michelle emerges, ready to rebrand herself as America's latest sweetheart, but not everyone she steamrolled is so quick to forgive and forget. With nowhere to go and no one to scam, Michelle is forced to move in with former assistant Claire (Kristen Bell) and her young daughter, Rachel (Ella Anderson). Now at her lowest point, Michelle wastes no time in devising a winner-take-all plan to rebuild her empire.
Oh My God	Bollywood	comedy	Umesh Shukla	Kanji Lalji Mehta (Paresh Rawal), a middle-class atheist Hindu owns a shop of Hindu idols and antiques in Mumbai. He is cursed by Siddheshwar Maharaj when he stopped his son from playing dahi handi. A low-intensity earthquake hits the city, and Kanji's shop is the only shop that is destroyed. Next day at the insurance office, Kanji and his neighbor-assistant Mahadev learn that the disaster claim does not cover any damage caused by natural calamities classified under Act of God. Running out of options, Kanji decides to file a lawsuit against God but fails to find a lawyer for such a lawsuit. Finally, he meets Hanif Qureshi (Om Puri) and his daughter (Puja Gupta), a poor Muslim lawyer family. Qureshi, a disabled man, helps him file the case as Kanji decides to fight on his own. Legal notices are sent to the insurance company as well as to religious priests, Siddheshwar Maharaj (Govind Namdeo), Gopi Maiyya (Poonam Jhawer) and their group's founder, Leeladhar Swamy (Mithun Chakraborty) summoning them to the court as representatives of God on earth. During the preliminary hearing, opposition lawyer Sardesai (Mahesh Manjrekar) asks the judge to dismiss the case. But Kanji points out that religious groups claim to represent God on Earth and speak on his behalf. Hence, they are answerable for his actions. The Judge agrees and the court accepts the case. However, Kanji soon finds himself trapped amongst armed fundamentalists, with his mortgage bank occupying the house, and his wife leaving him. In all instances, Kanji is rescued by Krishna Vasudev Yadav (Akshay Kumar), who claims to be a real estate agent, rides a hot-shot motorbike. Krishna buys Kanji's house from the bank, but allows Kanji to stay with him. The lawsuit causes a public outcry. As Kanji and Krishna watch this on TV, Krishna advises him to go to the media and present his views to the public. Kanji's interview receives wide coverage and public opinion swings in his favour. Meanwhile, hundreds of people, whose insurance claims were rejected due to Act Of God show up at Hanif Qureshi's house and join the lawsuit. Kanji agrees to fight on behalf of all of them. In the next court session, Catholic priests and Muslim Mullahs are also summoned to the court as defendants. However, lawyer Sardesai points out that Kanji has no document that can prove the disaster was an Act of God. The judge orders Kanji to present a written proof that will support his claim. Kanji loses hope, but Krishna rescues the day again by advising Kanji to read the Bhagavad Gita, and the other holy books such as The Quran and The Bible, telling him that he would find the answer of all his questions. Kanji studies the books intensively for a month. In the next session, Kanji points out a passage present in all the holy books which says that This world is a creation of God, and it is his will to allow it to grow or destroy, which strengthens his case. As he nears the end of his argument, he suddenly loses consciousness. He is rushed to the hospital, where doctors unsuccessfully try to revive him, leaving him comatose. They announce to the media that Kanji has been paralyzed, and that only God can now save him. When Kanji opens his eyes, he finds Krishna in front of him. Krishna caresses the left side of Kanji's body with his key chain and Kanji is able to walk again. Krishna then reveals to the confused Kanji that he himself is Lord Krishna, and he has saved Kanji to show him that God does exist. Kanji then learns that he has been in a coma for a month and that a lot of things have happened during the period. The lawsuit's verdict was in his favor and religious organisations were ordered by court to pay the compensation to all the plaintiffs; people have started calling Kanji a God. Meanwhile, Leeladhar, Gopi Maiyya, and Siddheshwar have opened a temple dedicated to Kanji and accumulated millions in donations. He also learns that as per his own will, he is about to be removed from the ventilator and thousands have gathered for his funeral procession. Krishna gives him a choice of stopping the procession or to sit back quietly. Kanji decides to fight and Krishna takes him on his motorbike to stop the procession. Kanji arrives to find his statues erected at the place where his shop once stood. He wades through the stunned crowd and breaks the statue, then admonishes the crowd about trusting in God-men. He advises them to search for God in themselves, not in statues. When the crowd's anger turns towards the collected God-men, he prevents them from further violence and tells them to allow the cheating group to leave peacefully, advising them not to believe in them anymore. After successfully completing the job, he goes back to Krishna to thank him, only to find him and his motorcycle disappeared. Kanji's family arrive and they are reunited. On their way home, Kanji sees Krishna's key chain on the floor. When he is about to secure it inside his jacket, he hears Krishna's voice, telling him to get rid of the key chain as fear of god was what he fought against all this time. Kanji smiles and throws it away and sees it disappear into the sky with a flash.[1]
Rebound	American	comedy	Steve Carr	Coach Roy McCormick (Martin Lawrence) was once college basketball's top mastermind. His attention began to turn on what endorsement contracts he could secure instead of actually coaching his team. Roy lets his temper get the best of him in most situations. After causing a mishap with a mascot, the board bans McCormick from collegiate basketball until he can show that he can control his anger. Roy's reputation has doomed him to being unhireable as a long time passes with no job offers. However, McCormick then gets one job offer, to Mount Vernon Junior High School, which was also where he graduated as a teenager. His alma mater's basketball team, the Smelters, is looking for somebody to coach the team, and the headmistress thinks an alumnus of his caliber in basketball would be ideal. Although irritated, Roy realizes he has no other options and accepts the coaching job, figuring this is the way to prove he can control his anger and get back into the spotlight of college basketball. As Roy begins coaching the squad, he gets into an embarrassing situation that he's never been in before and decides, enough is enough. He eventually starts teaching the concepts of basketball to his new team, albeit placing paramount emphasis on sportsmanship. With teaching and learning being done between both Roy and the kids, the Smelters eventually start having success. Unexpectedly, this leads Roy to find what he's been missing this whole time...not a big coaching gig, not high-dollar endorsement deals, and not even his name in lights...but his simple love of the game. Eventually Roy gains a new appreciation for his old school and figures that while it does not lead to big money endorsements, he can earn a comfortable living from this job.
Dikari	Russian	comedy	Viktor Shamirov	The opening sequence has Tinto Brass licking his lips, as the camera follows a pair of youths along a secluded beach strewn with lovemaking couples and naked girls. The south depicted here is heavily clouded by nostalgia: It is the paradise of a middle-age man remembering his youth, which was peopled by quirky friends and bare-breasted women, and free of any old people. Yuriy Gosha Kutsenko leads a cast of mostly young but already very popular actors, most of whom are clad in cargo shorts or camouflage gear. Kutsenko plays Aye-Aye, who comes to the Crimea every summer to meet old friends in the hope that it will return his lust for life. Lots of things happen on the beach, from wild love to tender friendship. The movie is funny, romantic, and nostalgic. The beach way.
Kaay Raav Tumhi	Marathi	comedy	Mrunalini Patil	Kay Raav Tumhi revolves around three friends in their 60s and a young couple. The theme and the plot of the story carries the main crux of its treatment. It depicts the way how the things can change when one unexpected turn comes in between events, and how fantasies and plans come to an end in a totally satirical form. It deals with saucy humor, and plots which change form according to the situation. The plot also shows how various literates of the society (landlord, captain, doctor) plan events according to their fun and need, and how they fall prey to their own planning. The humor involved also has various double meanings, saucy comments which are enjoyable only according to the situation. The treatment is simple yet the situation confuses the characters, who from within are somewhat unaware about what is actually in store for them, and are mentally prepared according to their smartly made small fun cum plan, the events that occur in the life of the protagonists, and that keeps them unaware of the reality. As they slowly come to know the reality, and how they fall prey to their own plan, they realize but laugh it off. They also pass somewhat weird comments at each other just to prove their own selves right, which in reality does not happen and they have to accept the fact that some one else can also be much more smarter than them in doing plannings and making them face the reality, where earlier they think that people around them are good but not the best, it then dawns upon them later that they are best than them too. The story finally shows the mental state of the smarties when their lie comes to an end and they are caught in a cat and mice situation, where they feel awkward, funny, but great after all the ruckus comes to an end and the confusing situation that was seeming to them as difficult to handle, also takes a clear and a happy turn, and then they realize the value of some who are actually true but only to set a right track for people like them they timely turn their true self and not for any wrong intention, the satire of the whole story then takes a pleasing and a final turn.
The Haunted House	American	comedy	Edward F. Cline, Buster Keaton	Keaton plays a teller at a successful bank. Unbeknownst to him, the manager at the bank and his gang are planning on pulling off a robbery and hiding in an old house which they have rigged up with booby traps and effects to make it appear to be haunted. After a mishap that afternoon with Keaton getting glue all over the money and himself, he almost thwarts the gang's robbery but when the owner of the bank walks in and sees Keaton armed with a gun he assumes it was he who tried to rob it. Keaton flees and takes refuge in the old house; however, a troupe of actors from a theatre production are also in the house and are clad in their scary costumes (ghosts, skeletons etc) leading Keaton and the gang of robbers to believe the house actually is haunted. After Keaton has many encounters with the ghosts and the house's booby traps, he discovers the scam and the manager is revealed as being behind the robbery. As the manager is about to be taken away, he hits Keaton over the head and knocks him out before escaping. Next we see Keaton being awoken by two angels at the foot of a large stairway which he ascends all the way to Heaven. He asks Saint Peter to be let in but is denied and is sent all the way down to Hell. However, this is all revealed to be a dream sequence as Keaton regains consciousness in the house seconds later.
A Boy, a Girl and a Bike	British	comedy	Ralph Smart	Young couple Sue (Honor Blackman) and Sam (Patrick Holt) are members of a Yorkshire cycling club, the ‘Wakeford Wheelers’. Romantic complications ensue when wealthy David (John McCallum) becomes smitten with Sue, and joins the club to pursue her, much to Sam's dismay.
Top of the Form	British	comedy	John Paddy Carstairs	This story explores a bookmaker Ronnie Fortescue (Ronald Shiner), who becomes headmaster of a boys' school, and of his and his pupil's adventures in passing examinations and on a subsequent free trip to Paris. Once in Paris, headmaster and pupils become embroiled in gambling casinos, and in a plot to steal the French Crown Jewels.
Gentlemen Broncos	American	comedy	Jared Hess	Benjamin Purvis lives with his mother Judith, who designs tacky clothes and makes rock-hard popcorn balls. Judith and Benjamin make ends meet by working at a women's retail clothing store. Benjamin spends his spare time writing science fiction stories, and he has recently completed a story called Yeast Lords, which centers on a hero named Bronco, modeled after his long-dead father. At various times, portions of Yeast Lords are seen as Benjamin imagines them. Bronco is obliquely masculine, and he valiantly struggles with a villain over yeast production. At a two-day writing camp for aspiring fantasy and science fiction authors, Benjamin attends lectures by his idol, the prolific and pretentious writer Ronald Chevalier. Chevalier announces a contest for the writers, in which the winner's story will be published nationally. After encouragement from fellow camper Tabatha, Benjamin submits Yeast Lords. Tabatha shows the story to her friend Lonnie Donaho who runs an ultra low-budget video production company. Lonnie gives Benjamin a post-dated check for $500 and begins adapting Yeast Lords into a film. As Chevalier reviews the stories from the campers, he gets a call from his publisher, rejecting his latest manuscript. Panicked, he picks up Benjamin's story, and it sparks his imagination. Chevalier changes Purvis' Bronco into Brutus, an extremely effeminate and comically flamboyant hero, changes the other character names and title, but otherwise leaves the story intact. His publisher loves it, and the novel is rushed into production under the title, Brutus and Balzaak. Portions of Chevalier's version are now seen playing out alongside Benjamin's original vision of the story. At the local premiere of Donaho's version of Yeast Lords, Benjamin is nauseated to see how badly Donaho has adapted his work, and he abruptly leaves the film with Tabatha. They go to a bookstore where he discovers Chevalier's plagiarism after reading a paragraph from Brutus and Balzaak. He confronts Chevalier at a local book signing, and assaults him with some merchandise Chevalier had offered him in exchange for keeping his theft quiet. Two policeman hustle him out of the store and he is placed in jail. Judith comes to visit her son in jail to give him his birthday present. She hands him a box of manuscripts, all officially bound by the Writers Guild of America. She explains that she has been registering all his stories with them since he was seven years old, thinking they would make a nice keepsake for his children. Yeast Lords is one of the registered stories. Copies of Chevalier's novel are unceremoniously dumped from store shelves, being replaced with Benjamin's original novel.
Three Blind Mice	Australian	comedy	Matthew Newton	Three young Australian naval officers hit the streets of Sydney for one last night before being shipped out to Iraq. The dynamic between the three friends is uneasy; Sam (Ewen Leslie) has been mistreated at sea and is going AWOL, Dean (Toby Schmitz) has a fiancé and the future in-laws to meet, and Harry (Matthew Newton) just loves playing cards. Throughout the night, the boy's struggle with what a night in Sydney can offer, as details of their last six months at sea emerge.[4]
Dirty Girl	American	comedy	Abe Sylvia	In 1987 in Oklahoma, Danielle Edmondston is a troubled and promiscuous high school student. She argues with her mother, Sue-Ann, who is about to marry a Mormon, Ray, and amidst the chaos she befriends Clarke Walters, a shy, gay classmate. Together, they flee in a car owned by Clarke's homophobic father, Joseph, and embark on a road trip to Fresno, where Danielle expects to find her birth father, Danny Briggs. Meanwhile, Sue-Ann and Clarke's mother, Peggy, chase after them. Joseph breaks into Danielle's house in an attempt to find Clarke, only to find that the entire family is gone in vacation, besides Danielle, who has already left with Clarke. Joseph is then arrested for breaking into the house. He calls Peggy to bail him out, only to find out that Peggy refuses to let him out and that she will not allow him to harm Clarke for being gay anymore. Joseph, aggravated, has to stay in the cell until a judge can see him. On the way, Danielle and Clarke pick up a hitchhiker named Joel, who after they stop for rest, has sex with Clarke. Clarke awakens the next morning to find that he is gone, leaving him heartbroken. Clarke blames Danielle for this. After seemingly moving on and getting back in the car, it breaks down on the side of the road. Clarke and Danielle continue on foot, trying to rent a car, only to find Joseph has been released from prison and has reported their credit card stolen. Desperate for money, the two enter a bar and Danielle enters a stripping contest. After she is booed profusely, Clarke realizes that it is a biker gay bar. Danielle tells him he must strip instead. Clarke is cheered as he dances, but is caught by Joseph who enters during this. Danielle collects the prize money, but they are both taken in Joseph's other car. Clarke provokes his father into pulling the car over to attack him, while he tells Danielle to flee. Danielle manages to make it to a bus station, upset having to had to leave Clarke behind. She finds her father's house, where she is met by her mother, who asks her to leave. Danielle manages to make it to her father, who rejects her, revealing he has a young daughter. Sad, Danielle goes home, later learning that Clarke's father has sent him to military school. Danielle enters the talent show and sings Don't Cry Out Loud by Melissa Manchester, who is Clarke's favorite singer. As she breaks down singing, Clarke enters dressed in a military uniform. They finish the song together and get into Danielle's car. Clarke reveals that his mother let him out of military school and that his father is now in an apartment alone and his Mother is planning on divorcing him. Ironically during his short time at the military school Clark learned how to defend himself against his father and as a result he will no longer bother him. Danielle, with a less rebellious attitude, and Clarke, now no longer afraid to be himself, drive off into the sunset.
The Admiral's Secret	British	comedy	Guy Newall	In Devon a gang of Spanish criminals search for a trove of stolen gems hidden by a retired British Admiral.[2]
Cousins	Malayalam	comedy	Vysakh	Sam (Kunchako Boban), Joji(Indrajith Sukumaran), Pauly (Suraj Venjaramoodu), Tony (Joju George) are cousins. During Sam's wedding all of them are at the church. When the priest asks Sam whether he wants to marry the girl he says no and that he want to marry Annie who was his old love but married to another man. The bride felt betrayed gets out of the church. The cousins consulted a psychiatrist and they told him that Sam had met with an accident during his Engineering Studies, and he lost his memory of the past 6 years. To regain his memory, the Doctor advices Sam's cousins to take him to a journey. So they travel through the places where Sam had traveled before losing his memory. During the journey they reach a carnival. Some anonymous people began a fight with them. All of them identifies Sam from long ago, and tells him to bring back Arathi but Sam does not remember Arathi, so they tell excuses about bringing Arathi. Later they met a girl named Malika(Nisha Agarwal) who is the elder sister of Arathi. After meeting Malika Sam reigns his memory and tells his cousins that he knowns Malika. So they go to Malika and ask her if she knows Sam. She tells them that some years ago he had come to the palace and had met her sister Arathi and that they fell in love. But the royal family didn't accept their love and so they tried to run away from that palace. Several henchmen chased Arathi and Sam down through a brook and they jump into the waterfall. It then seems that Joji knew everything and he begins saying that he knew Arathi and he was the one who admitted Sam in the hospital after the waterfall jump both of them had escaped with minor injuries. While fleeing to meet Joji down in the valley, they find the henchmen chasing them and they try to escape in a coracle. Sam ask Arathi to sit inside it and tries to unhook as he was about to get in the henchmen attacked him and the coracle moves on. It is also revealed that the girl who Sam was to marry was Arathi and that he did not recognise her during the wedding. So Pauly and Tony ask Joji to bring back Arathi to Chandragiri he says no because on the day when the tried to kill Sam they didn't try to save Arathi. Joji thought that there was someone behind it and knew Sam could only answer it and wanted him to remember everything. So he tells everything to Mallika and makes a plan to elope with Mallika and his cousin at first Sam hesitates but later he agrees to it. So when they were chasing them again Sam remembers everything and begins to hit Mallika's brother and tells them that he was behind the motivation on not saving Arathi because if Arathi dies Mallika can become the princess and he can be the scion. They then bring Arathi and tells her elder brother not to punish him and the last scene shows Arathi's and Sam's wedding, meanwhile the Gounder who was deeply in love with Malika since childhood tells Joji that him, Tony and Pauly can now watch Malika and him marry but Joji tells him that she is pregnant with his child which is the climax.
Mr. 3000	American	comedy	Charles Stone III	Stan Ross is the franchise player of the Milwaukee Brewers baseball team. After recording his 3,000th hit, the selfish, narcissistic Ross immediately retires, leaving the team without one of its star players in the middle of the 1995 playoff race, showing every bit of disregard for his teammates' feelings. During the next nine years, Ross uses his nickname as a business tool, owning several profitable properties under the name Mr. 3000 that make him increasingly wealthy. In 2004, the Brewers retire Ross' number so they can get rid of Ross for good, and also draw a large crowd. Although many fans come to the ceremony, other players, including teammates and fellow stars Robin Yount, Cecil Cooper, and Paul Molitor, stay away. Only his best friend Anthony (Boca) Carter and a middle relief pitcher from his early days in the majors named Bill (Big Horse) Berelli attend, and the ex-pitcher chastises Ross for his arrogant attitude. Ross learns that, due to a clerical error, he retired with 2,997 hits instead of 3,000. The error also partially contributes to Ross not being voted into the Baseball Hall of Fame[1] and makes his Mr. 3000 marketing gimmick inaccurate. Ross seeks to return to the game at the age of 47 to get three more hits, secure his place in the record books, and keep his local post-career marketing gimmick intact. A top Brewers executive, citing the large attendance at Ross' number retirement ceremony and the fact that the Brewers are out of playoff contention, agrees to bring Ross back during the September roster expansion. The team's younger players only know of Ross as a self-centered player, and team superstar Rex T-Rex Pennebaker, who is pompous and arrogant like Ross, sees him as unneeded and too old to play. Manager Gus Panas refuses to speak to Ross because of his abrupt retirement, and the sportswriters continually criticize him. Despite his predictions to the contrary Ross struggles to regain his baseball form. He goes hitless in his first 27 at-bats. His comeback is reported by television sportscaster Maureen Mo Simmons, who resumes a former romantic relationship with Ross. He gets two hits, including a home run, to increase his career total to 2,999. Ross becomes a mentor to the younger players and urges Pennebaker to learn from his own mistakes as a baseball star and to be a team player, so that Pennebaker will not end up like him – all alone. This inspires the Brewers to a late-season comeback and a respectable finish. Ross attempts to become serious with Simmons and make her a permanent part of his life, but she is reluctant to believe he is a changed man, particularly after he skips a team practice to go on national television with Jay Leno and begin boasting again. In his last at-bat of the season, with a chance to be a hero, Ross has a vision of his earlier years, when he was considered always dependable for the team. It inspires him to sacrifice his last chance with a bunt instead so the team can win a game and finish third in its division. Although Ross never reaches the 3,000 milestone, his newfound generosity and attitude gets him inducted into the Hall of Fame. He renames his businesses Mr. 2,999.
Treasure Hunt	British	comedy	John Paddy Carstairs	On his death, the eccentric family of rakish Sir Roderick Lyall (Jimmy Edwards) gathers at his ancestral Irish mansion, Ballyroden Hall, for the reading of the will. Everyone is shocked to hear that, once debts are paid, the only asset remaining will be the mansion. The family doctor, Mr. Walsh (Miles Malleson), suggests the mansion be turned into a guest house to bring in funds. Half the family supports the idea, but Uncle Hercules (Jimmy Edwards) and Consuelo (Athene Seyler) endeavour to sabotage the scheme. All the while, Aunt Anna Rose (Martita Hunt) insists she has mislaid a fortune in jewels – but her story is doubted due to her eccentric personality. When the first paying guests, Eustace Mills (Naunton Wayne), Mrs. Cleghorn-Thomas (June Clyde) and daughter Yvonne (Mara Lane), arrive for their holiday, expecting peace and quiet, they find themselves caught up in a series of farcical situations caused by their hosts.
The Importance of Being Earnest	British	comedy	Anthony Asquith	The story takes place on 14 February 1895. It is about two gentlemen pretending to be people other than themselves. Interwoven in their story lines are two romance-stricken ladies, each possessing an unusual allegiance to the manliness of the name Ernest. London man-about-town Jack Worthing, who hides behind the name Ernest, is an aristocrat from the country with uncertain lineage. His friend, Algernon Moncrieff, is of moderate means and has also created an imaginary character, Bunbury. Algernon’s cousin, Gwendolen Fairfax, has caught the eye of Jack. Jack’s ward in the country, Cecily Cardew, has caught the eye of Algernon. Lady Bracknell rules the roost with her heavy-handed social mores. The story begins in London. Jack and Algy are discussing life and love. Both reveal to each other their imaginary characters, Ernest and Bunbury. Jack reveals that he is in love with Algy’s cousin, Gwendolen and Algy reveals that he is in love with Jack’s ward, Cecily. Both gentlemen begin to scheme the pursuit of their loves. At tea that afternoon, Jack and Gwendolen secretly reveal their love for one another. Gwendolen makes it known that her “ideal has always been to love someone by the name of Ernest.” Jack fears she will find out his true identity. Lady Bracknell, in undulating purple silk Victorian attire, inquires as to Jack’s pedigree. “Rise, sir, from that semi-recumbent posture. It is most indecorous.” Jack confesses that he does not know who his parents are because, as a baby, he was found in a handbag in a cloakroom at Victoria Station. “A handbag?” Lady Bracknell will not allow her daughter “—a girl brought up with the utmost care—to marry into a cloak-room, and form an alliance with a parcel.” At the manor house in the country, Cecily is daydreaming as her governess, Miss Prism, tries to teach her German. Uninvited, Algy arrives from London and assumes the role of Ernest. While Algy and Cecily are getting acquainted in the parlour, Jack arrives in black mourning clothes and informs Miss Prism that his brother, Ernest, is dead. When Algy and Cecily come out to see him, the sad news loses its believability as everyone now thinks Algy is Ernest. In pursuit of Jack, Gwendolen arrives from London and meets Cecily. They both discover that they are engaged to Ernest, not realizing one is Jack and one is Algy. When the men arrive in the garden, the confusion is cleared up. The ladies are put off that neither one is engaged to someone named Ernest. Lady Bracknell arrives, by train. As everyone gathers in the parlor, Lady Bracknell recognizes Miss Prism as her late sister’s baby’s governess from twenty-eight years before. “Prism! Where is that baby?” she bellows. Miss Prism confesses that she inadvertently left the baby in her handbag at Victoria Station. Jack realized they are talking about him. He retrieves the handbag from his private room and shows Miss Prism. She acknowledges that the bag is hers. Lady Bracknell then tells Jack that he is her late sister’s son and the older brother to Algy. Unable to ascertain who his father was, Jack looks in an Army journal, as his father was a general, and realizes that his father’s name was Ernest. Thus it becomes apparent that his real name is also Ernest - as Lady Bracknell says, being the eldest son, he must have been named after his father. The film ends with Jack saying, “I’ve now realized for the first time in my life the vital importance of being earnest.”
Paul Blart: Mall Cop	American	comedy	Steve Carr	Paul Blart lives in West Orange, New Jersey with his teenage daughter, Maya, and elderly mother, Margaret. Aspiring to join the New Jersey State Police, he trains at the police academy, but his hypoglycemic medical condition causes him to collapse, therefore failing the exam. To shape things up for his career, Blart works as a security guard at the West Orange Pavilion Mall. Blart patrols the mall on a Segway to assure that things are safe and clean. He goes to the surveillance room and trains Veck Simms, who is new but uninterested on the job. Meanwhile, Blart eventually becomes acquainted with Amy Anderson, the vendor of a new kiosk. He meets her one evening at a party at Joe's American Bar and Grill with other mall employees. Things initially go well, but Blart is sidetracked when he decides to participate in a nacho-eating contest with Leon. The hot and spicy salsa is more than Blart can handle, and he begins chugging down several alcoholic beverages causing him to become excessively drunk and incoherent. He ruins the party and makes a wild exit by falling through a window. Two days later, on the night of Black Friday, an organized gang of thugs disguised as Santa's Village employees begin what appears to be a bank heist inside the mall. They take Amy and other customers in the bank hostage. Simms is revealed as the gang's leader – his mall security job was a ploy to gather intelligence. They are keeping the hostages as insurance for the gang's escape. The crew forces shoppers to exit the mall and strategically places motion sensors around each entrance to detect any attempt to enter or exit the building. Blart takes a break in the arcade and plays Detroit Rock City via Rock Band. He eventually walks back out in the mall, and discovers the entire mall is evacuated and under a state of emergency. Upon realizing this, he calls the police, and slips out of the mall to speak with Commander Sergeant Howard. Blart realizes Amy is still inside after spotting her car in the parking lot, and decides to return to the mall to look for her. A state SWAT team soon arrives with Commander James Kent at the helm. Kent, a former classmate and bully from Blart's childhood, takes control of the police units and orders Blart to let them handle the situation. After spotting Amy as one of the hostages, Blart refuses and attempts a rescue. Vastly outnumbered and physically outclassed, Blart takes a stand against Simms' crew using improvised measures to take them down one by one. He discovers credit card codes written in invisible ink on the burglars' arms and realizes that their real plans go beyond robbing the bank. Maya, unaware of what has happened, shows up at the mall on her way to bring Blart some food, but Simms' remaining henchmen seize her, and add her to the hostage group. Blart manages to subdue all of Simms' accomplices and attempts to evacuate the hostages by pulling them up through an air vent. The plan fails when Leon cannot fit. Simms enters the room, capturing Blart and forcing him to give up the credit card codes he recorded on his cell phone. Simms escapes, taking Amy and Maya with him. As police swarm the mall to apprehend the criminals and rescue the hostages, Blart borrows a display minivan and joins Kent in pursuing Simms to the airport, where he is attempting to escape to the Cayman Islands. After a brief scuffle, Blart overpowers Simms and puts him in handcuffs. Moments later, however, Kent pulls his gun on Blart, revealing that he was in cahoots with Simms. Kent demands the phone containing the codes from Blart, who refuses, and destroys the phone. Before Kent can retaliate by shooting Blart, Chief Brooks of the mall security team arrives in time, and shoots Kent in the arm. Kent and Simms are arrested, and Anderson and Maya are returned safely. For his bravery and assistance, Howard offers Blart a job with the West Orange Police Department. Blart honorably declines, opting to remain in mall security. Blart and Amy are eventually married in the mall, where they exchange vows on a set of black and white Segways.
Pineapple Express	American	comedy	David Gordon Green	In 1937, a military facility is on watch behind a two-way mirror as a soldier, smoking marijuana, reveals what he hates about the army while remaining euphoric. A high-ranking officer immediately closes the project and deems marijuana illegal. Seventy-one years later, Dale Denton, a 25-year-old process server and habitual marijuana smoker, visits the home of his drug dealer, Saul Silver, to buy marijuana. Saul tells him that he may already know the identity of Dale's next customer, Ted Jones. Dale drives to Ted's house and witnesses Ted and a police officer, Carol Brazier, shoot a man to death. While fleeing the area, Dale leaves behind his roach, which contains a rare strain of marijuana called Pineapple Express. Ted identifies the strain and sends his two henchmen, Budlofsky and Matheson, to a dealer, Red, who tells them that he has only sold the pot to Saul. At Saul's apartment, Dale learns that Ted is a dangerous drug lord and could trace the roach. Dale and Saul flee into the nearby woods while Ted's henchmen persuade Red to arrange a meeting with Saul. They accidentally fall asleep in Dale's car and wake up to find that they missed their meeting with Red. They leave the woods and arrive at Red's house, hoping to determine whether Ted has linked them with the Pineapple Express. Red says Ted is not after them. Dale realizes that he is lying and knocks him out. They wake Red and question him until he reveals that Ted has discovered who they are and that he is going to kill them. Dale and Saul decide that they must leave the city. To leave town, Dale and Saul sell Pineapple Express to raise bus fare. However, a police officer named Barber sees Dale and arrests him. In the back of the cruiser, Dale tries to convince Barber that Brazier is corrupt and tells her that he witnessed her and Ted murder a man. Barber recognizes Brazier and promises him that she will investigate her soon because Barber had been long suspicious of Brazier's corruption. However, Saul leaps in front of the police car and hijacks it, thinking that Brazier is the one who is driving. Brazier hears a police radio call of Dale's arrest and pursues Dale and Saul in a high-speed chase, but they escape. After an argument about their situation, Dale and Saul split up. Saul visits his grandmother in an assisted living home, but he is kidnapped and held hostage in Ted's lair beneath a barn. Dale enlists Red to help him rescue Saul. Red unexpectedly backs out at the last minute, and Dale is captured. While Dale and Saul are held hostage, they reconcile and plan their escape. Asian mobsters attack the barn to avenge a fellow gangster's death at the hands of Ted and Officer Brazier (the same murder that Dale witnessed). Dale and Saul free themselves but are caught by Matheson. Matheson grazes Dale's ear with a gunshot, but he is disarmed and shot by Saul. Dale and Saul join the fight, and a brawl ensues between Dale and Ted. When Budlofsky refuses to kill Saul, Matheson emerges from the lair and shoots him in the chest, killing him. He turns around to kill Saul, but Red drives through the barn and saves Saul by hitting Matheson with his car. Red seems to be shot to death by Brazier. One of the mobsters activates a bomb, resulting in Ted's death, and setting fire to the barn. When Red's car explodes, it flips over and lands on Brazier, killing her. The explosion incapacitates Saul, but Dale finds him and carries him from the burning barn. Red, wounded but still alive, also escapes and reconciles with them. Afterward, they eat breakfast at a diner and talk about their adventure before Saul's grandmother picks them up and takes them to the hospital.
I Love You, Man	American	comedy	John Hamburg	Peter Klaven (Paul Rudd), a Los Angeles real estate agent, proposes to his girlfriend Zooey Rice (Rashida Jones), and she accepts. Peter seems to not have any close friends to share the good news with, only family and mainly female acquaintances. After overhearing Zooey's friends voicing their concerns over his lack of close male friends, Peter decides that he needs to find male friends in order to have a best man for the upcoming wedding. Peter turns to his gay younger brother, Robbie (Andy Samberg), for advice on dealing with men. He makes a series of overtures toward various men, including Barry (Jon Favreau), the persistently hot-headed husband of Zooey's friend Denise (Jaime Pressly) who doesn't really like Peter all that much to begin with...a problem that only escalates when Peter inadvertently projectile-vomits on Barry after winning a beer-drinking contest and is kicked out of Barry's house. Feeling rejected, Peter is about to give up, when during an open house at Lou Ferrigno's mansion which Peter is trying to sell, he meets Sydney Fife (Jason Segel), an investor who is attending the showing simply to pick up divorced women and take advantage of the free food. The two quickly become friends, especially bonding over their mutual adoration of the progressive rock band Rush. Peter introduces Sydney to Zooey at their engagement party, but the meeting takes an unfortunate turn when a nervous Sydney makes a very awkward toast. The next night, Peter agrees to attend a Rush concert with Sydney, on the condition that he can bring Zooey. During the concert, Zooey is left feeling ignored by Peter and Sydney. The next day, while shopping for tuxedos, Sydney asks Peter why he is marrying Zooey, and also asks for an $8,000 loan. After some thought, Peter decides to lend Sydney the money, and later grants him the honor of being best man at his wedding. Zooey, meanwhile, has become suspicious of Sydney. Peter tells Zooey that he lent Sydney money and asks her if she knows why they are getting married, since he had no answer to Sydney's question. Hurt and angry, Zooey leaves. Peter leaves for work the next morning only to discover that Sydney has used the $8,000 loan to purchase several ridiculous billboard advertisements promoting Peter's real estate business (using pictures of Peter he took of him on his iPhone). Still upset over his fight with Zooey, Peter confronts Sydney and decides to end their friendship. Peter then patches things up with Zooey, explaining to her that while he is nervous, he is ready to get married. While Zooey and Peter prepare for the wedding, Sydney finds himself alone and desperate to hang with someone. At work, Peter discovers that Sydney's billboard advertising campaign was successful. Feeling encouraged, Peter finally stands up to his insufferable colleague, Tevin Downey (Rob Huebel), who had been badgering Peter for half the selling rights to the lucrative Ferrigno property. When Tevin makes one final attempt to get a piece of the Ferrigno listing, Peter slaps him across his face and tells him to stay away from it. Peter feels bad about fighting with Sydney but does not re-invite him to the wedding. Instead, he assembles an array of random groomsmen that includes Robbie, father Oswald (J. K. Simmons), and Ferrigno. Before the wedding, Zooey sees Peter looking forlorn, clearly missing his friend Sydney. She calls and invites Sydney, who is, unbeknownst to them, already en route to the wedding. Just before the vows are to be taken, Sydney makes a dramatic entrance via moped. He informs Peter and Zooey that he is, in fact, a successful investor and returns the money he borrowed from Peter, stating that the billboards were the couple's wedding present. Peter and Zooey declare their love to each other, Sydney assumes the role of best man, and the wedding commences. As the end credits begin to roll, we see the wedding reception, where Peter and Sydney join the hired band (played by OK Go) in a rendition of the Rush song Limelight pulling Zooey on stage to join them. After the song ends, Sydney attempts to toast the newlyweds and Peter runs to frantically stop him as the screen cuts out (still remembering Sydney's ill-advised toast at the engagement dinner.)
Khottabych	Russian	comedy	Peter Tochilin	A youth named Gena is a hacker hooked on computers and the Internet. His girlfriend is fed up with him, because he pays so little attention to her and so much to his electronic exploits, such as defacing the www.microsoft.com web site. Attempting to mend his relationship with his girlfriend, he buys an ancient jar from an Internet-auction and finds a genie residing in it. Per the fairy-tale tradition, he is offered three wishes. First, the genie, named Hottabych by Gena, prints a huge number of US$100 banknotes. Unfortunately Hottabych is not familiar with modern paper, and the banknotes are printed on Egyptian papyrus. This later sets off a chain of events leading back to Gena. Unbeknownst to him, the local mafia is aware of Gena's skills and is intent on forcing him to gain entrance to bank computers. Furthermore, the Russian and American police forces are attempting to locate him because of his recent activity on the Internet. The Americans send a female hacker named Annie to trick Gena into revealing himself, which he does. After a rocky start to their relationship, romance ensues. Things are further complicated by an evil genie named Shaitanych who is also hunting for the jar, in an attempt to collect all 13 genie-vessels and gain dominion over Earth, so no dreams may be ever fulfilled (he names this The Greatest Worldwide Bummer). After Hottabych grants Gena's final wish, he decides to become a mortal man and is subsequently killed by Shaitanych. Left with nothing but a strand of Hottabych's hair, Gena and Annie decode his DNA and upload the binary code into the Internet, where a final battle takes place between Hottabych and Shaitanych.
 What a Girl Wants	American	comedy	Dennie Gordon	Daphne Reynolds lives a comfortable but unsatisfying life as a young American girl with a bright future. She has never met her father. She lives with her single mother, Libby above a Chinese Restaurant in Chinatown, New York. Believing it is in his best interest, her mother had left Daphne's father seventeen years earlier because of his family's disapproval of their relationship; ultimately, his father's secretary threw her out of the house, without Libby having a chance to tell him that she was pregnant with their daughter. Daphne flies to London to get to know her father, Lord Henry Dashwood, who recently inherited an Earldom but has disclaimed his seat in the House of Lords to run for election to the House of Commons, hoping eventually to become Prime Minister, with the backing of Alistair Payne, his fiancee's father. At a hotel, she meets Ian Wallace, a local boy. She notices her father on the television during a news broadcast, and tells Ian that the politician is her father. When Henry is informed of the existence of the daughter he never knew existed, he embraces the opportunity to connect with her at the urging of his mother Jocelyn. Her appearance causes a controversy that endangers his political ambitions. Daphne tries to win the acceptance of her father's social circle but is repeatedly thwarted by his snobby, gold-digging fiancée, Glynnis Payne, and equally snobby step-daughter-to-be, Clarissa Payne. Daphne has to ward off the advances of Armistead Stewart, a sleazy upper-class boy whom Clarissa fancies. In the end, Daphne ends up throwing him into the Thames at the Henley Regatta when he tries to kiss her. After Daphne's behavior (and Henry's subsequent misbehavior with her) catches the public eye, Henry's political campaign suffers. He reminds her of the Dashwood lineage and asks her to assume a more dignified manner. To please her father and his social circle, she abandons her old style and dons an upper-class sophisticated look, and is noted in the British newspapers. Due to her changing herself, Ian is disappointed and leaves when they were supposed to go to a concert which Daphne forgot about. During her coming-out party hosted by her father, she overhears Alastair talking to Glynnis about having got rid of Daphne's mother seventeen years ago, and how he thought he would have to do the same thing with Daphne. After Daphne tries to confront him, Glynnis grabs Daphne and locks her up. Glynnis then asks the band's lead singer, Ian, to announce the father-daughter dance. Glynnis, knowing that Daphne is locked up, uses this as a ploy to get Henry to dance with Clarissa. Libby rescues Daphne, but it is too late; Daphne witnesses Henry dancing with Clarissa. Daphne rejects her new self because it is not who she is. She returns to America, and restarts working as a waitress. Henry announces in an election meeting that he is no longer going to pursue his political career. On the steps on his way out, he discovers that Alastair knew about Libby's pregnancy. Henry punches Alastair in the face for concealing Daphne's existence. He then breaks off his engagement to Glynnis. Daphne is serving at a wedding in America, and the father-daughter dance begins. She thinks of Henry and what she left behind, and just then, Henry shows up by boat after a flight from London. After asking what he's doing there, Henry informs Daphne that, while on the plane, he wrote down something that he had to tell her at least two hundred times, but is unable to find the papers. He then says that he loves her for who she is and wouldn't change one hair on her head. Daphne, overjoyed, accepts his love and instead of calling him Henry, refers to him as Dad. She finally gets the father-daughter dance she has been longing for her whole life, while Libby watches. Realizing that he still loves Libby, Henry informs Daphne that he has a rather large present for her. Ian shows up and cuts in. As he and Daphne dance, Henry goes to see Libby. He apologizes to her, Libby accepts his apology, and they kiss. In the epilogue, Glynnis gets married to a wealthy nobleman and Clarissa marries Armistead Stuart (who still has a wandering eye). Alastair becomes a tour guide in London. Libby and Henry are married in a Bedouin ceremony. This time they make sure it is legal. Daphne gets into Oxford. As the credits start to roll, Daphne, Ian, Henry, Libby, and Jocelyn have a family meal outside the Dashwood manor.
Rambo	Kannada	comedy	M. S. Sreenath	‘Rambo’ is a film that revolves around a trickster, Kitty (Sharan). He has a mother in the house. He has a maternal uncle to his company Premkumar (Tabla Naani). In a way it is Varahavatara from Kitty to his car broker business. He catches the sentiment in the society that any vehicle should not dash against a pig or vice-versa. The superstitious belief is that it would smash the further life. No one is ready to take this danger in life. Using the pig, Kitty was very cool in his set up to take the cars to custody for his business. In one of the cases a black colored car owned by Umesh is demanded by a Swamiji. The deal comes to Kitty and Premkumar. With this further danger also follows the two. When they open the dickey they find a dead body. This body is chased by a terrorist gang and the same car is also chased by former minister Annappa (Rangayana Raghu) as it has ₹25 crores in it. Knowing about the death, Kitty wants to hand it over to the party who demanded it and he finds a murdered person. In the later course of time they find it belongs to a minister and the money inside make them greedy. In such a situation Kitty wants to know why terrorists are behind that body in his truck of the car . He scans the body and finds a pen drive tucked inside. That explains a terrorist gang is up to a major demolition of peace. Kitty comes straight to DC Vijayalakshmi (Shruthi) and becomes a good citizen with handing over everything to the government.[19]
Touch and Go	British	comedy	Michael Truman	Following an argument with a work superior, furniture designer Jim Fletcher quits his job in a fit of pique. He decides that England has nothing to offer him and the future for his family is in Australia. He eagerly sets about making emigration plans, and despite the fact that his wife and family are less than enthusiastic about moving to the other side of the world, he disregards their reservations and presses ahead. Practical and bureaucratic hitches continually threaten to derail the project. Jim must also deal with the opposition of his in-laws, finds himself missing his job, and starts to have doubts himself about the wisdom of the move. However the snags and pitfalls are finally sorted out and a firm departure date is set. Then two days before they are due to leave, the Fletchers' daughter meets, and instantly falls in love with, her ideal man after he rescues the family cat, Heathcliff. A good deal of heart-searching ensues before the Fletchers decide whether or not to go ahead with emigration during a delay caused by a missing Heathcliffe.
Second Fiddle	British	comedy	Maurice Elvey	Deborah and Charles, very much in love, are young executives at the successful Pontifex Advertising Agency. Deborah is highly sought after as a brilliant TV executive, while Charles is regarded as thoroughly efficient. The Pontifex board of directors however, will not allow any married women on their staff. Charles’ fiancée Deborah worries about her future with the company. Eventually the company reverses their policy, enabling newly-wed Deborah to continue working. When Deborah wins a lucrative advertising campaign in New York, and Charles seems to be overlooked for a promotion he was confident would be his, Charles feels his masculinity threatened. Whilst Deb is away in New York, Charles becomes involved in a flirtatious relationship with his attractive secretary Pauline.
Happy Husbands	Malayalam	comedy	Saji Surendran	Mukundan Menon (Jayaram) runs a magazine called Kerala Today. He is a normal husband who loves his wife Krishnendu (Bhavana) a lot, but she is too possessive about him. She thinks he is not very expressive about his feelings, and is always worried that he might one day fall for some other beautiful girl. John Mathai (Jayasurya) is a photographer in Mukundan's publication. He was neither interested in girls nor keen to get married until he met Sereena (Vandana). Rahul (Indrajith) is just the opposite. He is extremely romantic and never comes home without some cute gifts for his wife, Shreya (Samvrutha Sunil). But she doesn't know that, behind her back, her darling husband is dying to flirt with every woman that he sees. It is into the lives of these three couples that a bar singer, Diana (Rima Kallingal), arrives and things take some interesting turns. Diana is seeking to take revenge on Mukundan Menon since it was on his article in Kerala Today that the Maharashtra court took as a petition and then banned the bar girls in Maharashtra thus ruining Diana's profession. Diana forcibly comes to Mukundan Menon's house one day with her evil intentions and that catches the eyes of Krishnendu. To escape from trouble, Mukundan Menon says that she is the wife of John. Later, when John, Mukundan and Rahul were talking about John's marriage proposal to Serena's dad, Diana comes there by accident and there Rahul says that she is Mukundan's wife and she is mentally imbalanced. So now Krishnendu and Shreya thinks Diana is John's wife and John's real wife Serneena believes that Diana is Mukundan's wife. At one time, all these people come together at Malaysia for a vacation and that leads to a lot of confusion among the wives and others. What happens next forms the rest of the story.
Naughty Professor	Malayalam	comedy	Hari Narayanan	Professor Viswambaran works at Viswa Jyothi Engineering College, Thodupuzha. Over-consciousness about his beauty and glamour gives him a naughty professor image in the college. His wife, a former actress, had decided to discontinue her acting career to settle down with her husband. Viswambaran often feels overshadowed by his wife's fame and name. It is during this time Viswambharan's old nemesis Chacko a.k.a. David and his wife Tessa come as their neighbours. The twist and turns in Viswambharan's married life that follow form the crux of the story.
Rhythm in the Air	British	comedy	Arthur B. Woods	Jack Donovan (Donohue), a riveter working on the construction of a high-rise building, is distracted from his work by spying through a nearby window on a lissom young woman Mary (Rolf) as she rehearses her tap-dancing routines. When she finishes, he pauses to give the unsuspecting Mary an ovation of cheers and wolf-whistles, but in the process loses his balance and falls to the ground, breaking both ankles. The sympathetic Mary, who witnessed his fall, later visits him in hospital. Finding him very attractive, she claims that as his bones start to mend, tap-dancing is a wonderful way to strengthen his muscles and joints. He laughs at the absurdity of the suggestion. Fully recovered, Jack goes back to his job, only to find that he has developed a new and severe fear of heights and it is quite impossible to continue in his line of work. He meets up again with Mary, and now takes her up on her suggestion of learning to tap. He finds he has a natural aptitude, and soon takes up dancing professionally. The couple fall in love, and are soon married.
Yahşi Batı	Turkish	comedy	Ömer Faruk Sorak	Two special agents, Aziz and Lemi, are tasked by the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire with delivering a diamond as a gift to the American president. As they ride on a stagecoach across the American wild west, they are robbed of the diamond by bandits, leaving them stranded without any money. A tough cowgirl, Susanne Van Dyke (a character like Calamity Jane) joins them on their quest.
Balwinder Singh Famous Ho Gaya	Bollywood	comedy	Sunil Agnihotri	The story of Balwinder Singh Famous Ho Gaya is two central characters played by *Mika Singh and *Shaan. and the confusion they create because of their same name 'Balwinder Singh'. The movie revolves around the confusion created by the similar identity of the lead actors. The film shows their efforts to win the heart of the girl of their dreams, the female lead Anonymous and to acquire a multi-million estate without a known heir. The movie shows a comical plot where over 130 Balwinder Singhs land up as claimants to the estate.
Horrible Bosses 2	American	comedy	Sean Anders	In November 2014, Nick Hendricks, Dale Arbus, and Kurt Buckman decide to start their own business after tiring of working for ungrateful bosses. Their idea is a car-wash-inspired shower head called the Shower Buddy. They have trouble finding investors until they are approached by Bert Hanson and his son Rex. Bert admires their commitment to manufacturing the product themselves, while Rex prefers to outsource to China, and agrees to invest if they can make 100,000 units. Taking out a business loan, the three rent a warehouse, hire employees, and manage to produce their output. However, Bert backs out of their deal at the last minute, claiming that he never signed an agreement, and he plans to take their inventory in foreclosure and sell them (renamed the Shower Pal) himself, while leaving the three in $500,000 debt with their outstanding loan. Seeking financial advice, Nick, Dale, and Kurt visit Nick's old boss, Dave Harken, in prison (after the murder of Kurt's boss Bobby Pellit), who says the three have no feasible legal options to recover their losses. The three then resolve to kidnap Rex and hold him for ransom. They seek the help of Motherfuckah Jones, who says the best way to kidnap someone who knows them is to keep the victim unconscious for the duration of the kidnapping. The three create a ransom note asking for $500,000 and go to the office of Dale's old boss, Dr. Julia Harris, to steal a tank of nitrous oxide. While there, Kurt and Dale are almost caught by Julia's sex addiction group meeting; after the group leaves, Nick has sex with Julia, providing the distraction that allows Dale and Kurt to escape the building. The trio goes to Rex's house, but while they hide in the closet, Dale accidentally turns on the tank and they pass out. When they wake up in the morning, they find Rex gone. When they arrive back at the warehouse, they find Rex tied up in the trunk of their car. Rex gets out and reveals he found them hiding in his closet, but decided to stage his own kidnapping with them due to his strained relationship with his dad and numerous personal debts. Rex sent the ransom note to his dad and increased the ransom to $5 million. The three are uncertain of Rex's plan, but Rex threatens to go to the police if they back out. They call Bert to inform him of Rex's kidnapping, threatening to kill Rex if Bert calls the cops. However, the police, led by Detective Hatcher, subsequently arrive at their warehouse to question Nick, Dale, and Kurt due to their involvement with Bert. When the police leave, Rex breaks down, knowing Bert cares more about his money than his son. Now sympathetic to Rex, the trio agrees to work with him in the fake kidnapping, and all four devise a plan to outsmart the police and take the ransom money, utilizing untraceable phones, a basement garage to block out any tracking signal, and Kurt disguising himself as Bert. While the plan is in motion, Nick, Dale, and Kurt find that Kurt left Bert his own phone instead of the untraceable one. They nevertheless call Bert on Kurt's phone to give him the instructions. Before they leave, Julia arrives at their hotel room and demands to sleep with Dale or else she will report them for breaking into her office. Dale's wife Stacy, whom Dale has three daughters with, arrives and believing Dale is cheating on her with Julia, storms off. Dale angrily locks Julia in the bathroom so the three can leave. In the basement garage, Nick, Dale, and Kurt wearing homemade masks tell Bert to give them the $5 million, and the cell phone. However, Bert is suddenly killed by Rex, who reveals that, after seeing that his father did not care about him, he decided to kill Bert and frame Nick, Dale, and Kurt in order to inherit the family business. Rex forces Kurt to switch pants as Rex's pants have Bert's blood on them. As the trio are about to be cornered by the police, Jones arrives, as he anticipated that the three would be betrayed and killed and was seeking to claim the ransom money for himself. He attempts to help them get back to the warehouse where Rex is supposed to be tied up, with the police chasing them before Rex does so they can prove their innocence. When they get back to the warehouse, Jones escapes with the money and the police arrive to find Rex tied up. Before the police arrest Nick, Dale, and Kurt, Kurt's phone rings in Rex's pocket, and the police recognize the ringtone as the same phone that was left to Bert by the kidnappers. Rex tries to claim the phone is his, but when Hatcher asks why Rex did not bother to call the police if he had a phone, Rex takes Hatcher hostage. Dale attempts to attack Rex, but Rex shoots him, which distracts Rex long enough for Hatcher to subdue and arrest him. A few days later, Dale wakes up in the hospital to find out the three did get in trouble, but because Dale helped save Hatcher's life, the police dropped the charges. He also finds out Julia helped make amends with Stacy, although she hints at having had sex with him during his coma and promises to have sex with his wife as well. In the aftermath, their business goes into foreclosure but is subsequently purchased by Harken in prison, who allows the three of them to stay employed. Jones, meanwhile, uses the ransom money to invest in Pinkberry.
Hitler goes Kaput!	Russian	comedy	Marius Waisberg	The Great Patriotic War is coming to an end, and soon will be May 9, 1945. Soviet intelligence officer Alexander Isaevich (Shura) Osechkin works in Berlin under the name of Standartenfuhrer SS Olaf Schurenberg. He is engaged in office work and hangs out in nightclubs. Soon radio operator Zina is sent from the Center. Shura and Zina fall in love with each other. Müller sends Iron Hans to deal with Schurenberg, but Shura manages to kill Hans. Bormann blackmails Shurenberg under the threat that he will tell everyone that he is a spy if Schurenberg does not agree to intimate relations with him. Shurenberg, realizing that he is on the verge of failure, is going to leave on a special channel to his homeland. At this point, the Gestapo seizes and tortures Zina. Shurenberg deceitfully signs the document for her transfer from Bormann and takes her away. They together attack Adolf Hitler and Eva Braun,tie them up and take away their clothes. After changing clothes, they try to leave the Gestapo, but they are discovered. They run away and drive by car to the border. On the Soviet border, they understand that their homeland is not very happy to see them either, and now they are fleeing both from the Germans and from the Russians. Kuzmich (Shura's friend) opens a door in a wall through which they leave. In the final scene, Shura and Zina flee into the distance.
Cedar Rapids	American	comedy	Miguel Arteta	Naive and idealistic insurance agent Tim Lippe welcomes his former teacher into his home, addressing her as Mrs. Vanderhei. After having sex with her, he reminisces about his experiences as her student. In his position as an insurance agent, he is sent to represent his company, Brownstar Insurance, at a regional conference in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, as a replacement for his co-worker, Roger Lemke, who died in an auto-erotic asphyxiation accident. Tim idolized Roger, believing that his death was merely an unfortunate accident, and that he embodied all it was to be a moral Christian, the key criterion used to judge the winner of the coveted Two Diamonds award, which Roger had won three years in a row. Tim's boss, Bill, pressures him to win again to ensure they keep the company afloat. At the conference, Lippe meets fellow insurance agents Ronald Ronimal Wilkes, Dean Dean-Z Ziegler, and Joan O-Fox Ostrowski-Fox. He also meets Bree, a sex worker who works the parking lot in front of the hotel. She affectionately calls him Butterscotch after he offers her candy. Initially wary of the conference-goers, he spends more time with Ron, Dean, and Joan, and develops genuine friendships, including a crush on Joan. All the insurance agents participate in a scavenger hunt. Tim is paired with Joan, and, after they win, they become intoxicated with Dean in the hotel swimming pool. Tim and Joan's sexual tension builds to a head and, after making out in the pool, they have sex in Joan's hotel room. They were all seen in the pool by ASMI president Orin Helgesson. The next morning, Tim is guilt-ridden and calls Vanderhei to confess, before desperately asking her to marry him. After explaining she has been sleeping with other people and desires freedom, she suggests to Tim that he take the opportunity to start a new life. Tim returns to Joan, who attempts to comfort him by telling him what Lemke was really like: she was his lover but left him after his sexual appetites became too twisted for her, and he bribed Helgesson for each one of his awards. Tim refuses to believe this and leaves Joan's room, accusing her of being a prostitute sent to destroy his life. He runs into Dean and accidentally lets slip Lemke's bribery. As his friend, Dean swears to not tell anyone. After receiving advice from Dean, Tim goes to Helgesson for his assessment; it does not go well, and under the pressure he ends up also bribing Helgesson for the award, leaving him penniless and ashamed. Tim later comes across Bree and accompanies her to a party, where he gets high and inadvertently starts a fight. Ron, Joan, and Dean show up just in time to rescue him and Bree, who says she is in love with Tim. The night ends as Bill appears at Tim's door to inform him that with the successful acquisition of another Two Diamond award, he has received a generous offer for the company; despite meaning the branch's closure, he has chosen to sell. While Bill formally announces the sale, Tim bursts in, takes over the podium, and reveals that his company has unethically acquired the award every year by bribing Helgesson and confesses to doing so himself. Helgesson flees the room, his reputation in tatters, and a furious Bill confronts Tim, his revelations having cost Bill the sale of his company. Tim responds by announcing his intention to leave the company and start another with his clients from Brownstar, 17 of which have agreed to stay with him. Bill storms off, dumbfounded. As the four friends say their goodbyes and prepare to see each other next year, Joan and Tim are shown happy as friends, and Dean invites Ron and Tim to stay at a wealthy friend's cabin in Canada for the summer; both of them surprise Dean by gleefully accepting. The three of them go on to start their own company together called Top Notch, with Joan involved, too.
Suds	American	comedy	John Francis Dillon	Amanda Afflick (Mary Pickford) is a poor laundry woman working in London. She is too weak to do the hard work, but is always picked on and humiliated by her boss Madame Didier (Rose Dione). Amanda is desperately in love with the handsome customer Horace Greensmith (Albert Austin), but none of her colleague think she stands a chance of being his sweetheart. One afternoon Amanda gets in trouble again and is forced to work all night long. All alone, she fantasizes about her first and only meeting with Horace, eight months ago. All the fellow employees ridicule her for still having faith that he will return someday to pick up his clothes. Amanda is fed up with all her colleagues making fun of her and lies that she is a duchess, coming from a wealthy family. She comes up with a story of her having an affair with Horace. Her father found out and sent her to live in London. Meanwhile, co-worker Benjamin Jones (Harold Goodwin) has the job of collecting laundry with his cart. One day, his beloved horse Lavender is too weak to go up a hill and falls. The cart is destroyed and when Benjamin admits the truth to Madame Didier, she asks for the horse to be killed. Benjamin reveals to Amanda what will happen with Lavender and she tries to stop the horse from being killed. She eventually buys the horse and takes it into her own home. Amanda is not allowed to take the horse into her own apartment and is noticed on the streets by the wealthy and sympathizing Lady Burke-Cavendish. She offers to take the horse to live at her country place. Amanda is delighted and accepts her offer. Later, Lady Burke-Cavendish stops by to tell Amanda the horse is doing very well. Amanda lies to the fellow laundry women Lady Burke-Cavendish is actually her aunt. They are interrupted by Horace: he has returned for his laundry. The fellow workers assume he will recognize Amanda, since they were lied to he is her secret lover. Amanda is desperate and successfully pretends to be reunited with him. Horace is confused and wants to leave. While the laundry women are away she tells the truth to Horace. Benjamin walks in on them, initially trying to flirt with Amanda, but when he notices Horace's presence he leaves. Horace sympathizes with Amanda and invites her to his mansion. He changes his mind when he becomes ashamed of her. Amanda notices this and pulls back. Horace leaves and Amanda is left behind with a broken heart. She is later hired as Lady Burke-Cavendish's personal maid and now lives in wealth. She finds out Horace is a worker at the country place and they fall in love with each other.
High Jinks in Society	British	comedy	John Guillermin, Robert Jordan Hill	After foiling a robbery, a window cleaner is hired by an aristocrat to protect their valuables with comic results.[2]
 Baby Mama	American	comedy	Michael McCullers	Kate Holbrook (Tina Fey) is a successful single businesswoman who has always put her career before her personal life. Now in her late thirties, she finally decides to have her own child, but her plans are dampened when she discovers she has a minuscule chance of becoming pregnant because her uterus is T-shaped. Also denied the chance to adopt, Kate hires an immature, obnoxious, South Philly woman named Angie Ostrowski (Amy Poehler) to become her surrogate mother. When Angie becomes pregnant, Kate prepares for motherhood in her own typically driven fashion—until her surrogate shows up at her door with no place to live. Their conflicting personalities put them at odds as Kate learns first-hand about balancing motherhood and career and also dates the owner of a local blended-juice cafe, Rob Ackerman (Greg Kinnear). Unknown to Kate, the in-vitro fertilization procedure Angie had did not succeed and she is feigning the pregnancy, hoping to ultimately run off with her payment. Eventually she starts to regret lying about not being pregnant, but she continually puts off confessing. When she gets an ultrasound, she discovers she is pregnant for real. Realizing the baby is her own (with her common-law husband Carl (Dax Shepard), from whom she is separated), Angie is forced to confess at Kate's baby shower. When Kate explains to Angie that the pregnancy test was supposed to be taken two weeks after the procedure, and that the baby could still belong to her, a wedge is driven between the two women. A court hearing determines that the baby is Angie's, and Angie makes an impassioned apology to Kate. As the women meet face-to-face after the proceedings, Angie's water breaks and Kate rushes her to the hospital, then passes out during the birth. As she wakes up, the doctor supervising Angie's pregnancy tells Kate that she's two months pregnant (the result of her relationship with her new boyfriend). After receiving the news, she visits Angie, who is holding her new baby daughter Stef, named for Gwen Stefani. Kate forgives Angie and the two become best friends, ultimately changing each other for the better. Angie and Kate raise their children and are in a sister-like relationship one year later at Stef's first-birthday party. It is revealed that Kate and Rob are very proud parents of a baby daughter and are engaged. Although he does not reunite with Angie, Carl stays close to his daughter and takes parenting classes. The final scene shows Angie and Kate sitting in front of a television set with their children, watching Tom and Jerry cartoons, a reference to an earlier line in the film.
It's a Grand Life	British	comedy	John E. Blakeley	The film is described in its opening titles as a comedy burlesque and is not meant to be derogatory to the army. Rather than having a tight plot, the film is a series of sketches set against army life in the Essex Regiment in the post World War II era mostly involving an old private (Frank Randle). One of the sub plots involves a glamorous Women's Royal Army Corps Corporal being pursued and sexually harassed by her Company Sergeant Major (Michael Brennan). Other set pieces include a wrestling match with Jack Pye and a drill sequence.
Easy Street	American	comedy	Charles Chaplin	In a slum called Easy Street, the police are failing to maintain law and order. The Little Tramp is sleeping rough outside a mission near the streets of a lawless slum. He is reformed somewhat at the mission where there is singing and religious education. His religious awakening is inspired by a beautiful young woman who pleads for him to stay at the mission. Spotting a help wanted ad for a job at the police station, the Little Tramp accepts and is assigned the rough-and-tumble Easy Street as his beat. Upon entering the street he finds a bully roughing up the locals and pilfering their money. The Little Tramp gets on the wrong side of the bully and following a chase the two eventually come to blows culminating in the Little Tramp inventively using a gas lamp to render the bully unconscious. The bully is taken away by the police but manages to escape from the station and returns to Easy Street. After a long chase the Little Tramp manages to knock the bully unconscious by dropping a heavy stove on his head from an upstairs window. On returning to his beat on Easy Street the unruly mob knock the Little Tramp unconscious and drop him into a nearby cellar where he manages to save the aforementioned beautiful young woman from a nasty drug addict after accidentally sitting on the drug addict's needle. Supercharged by the effects of the drug he takes on the mob and heroically defeats them all and as a consequence restores peace and order to Easy Street. By the end of the film, even the bully has become a respectable, churchgoing citizen.
Brewster's Millions	American	comedy	Joseph Henabery	As summarized in a film publication,[4] Monte Brewster's (Arbuckle) two grandfathers, one rich and the other a self-made man, squabble as to the way the infant should be raised. The mother steps in and decides to raise the child her way, which results in Monte being a clerk in a steamship office at the age of 21. At this point the grandfathers get together again, with one grandfather giving him $1 million, and the other offering $4 million provided that at the end of one year Monte spends the $1 million given by the other grandfather. Other conditions include that he be absolutely broke at the end of one year, that he not marry for five years, and not to tell any one of the arrangement. Young Brewster tries everything he can to get rid of the money, but everything he does and the wildest chances he takes result in more money for him. He hires three men to help him spend the money, but they take too much interest in investing it wisely. They hire Peggy Gray (Clarke) for a position in Monte's office to manage his affairs so that he will not lose his money. Peggy purchases some mines in Peru and a ship Monte has hired for a pleasure cruise is used to go to Peru, but they never get there. They rescue a ship in distress and then are forced to turn back. At the last minute Monte is dead broke but married to Peggy. But the salvage on the ship Monte rescued brings him $2 million, and the Peruvian government extends the time for working the mines, so everything ends happy.
Marry the Girl	British	comedy	Maclean Rogers	Wally Gibbs is sued for breach of promise by his former girlfriend Doris Chattaway. His current fiancée, Jane Elliott, breaks off their engagement. Wally ends up with Doris, and Jane pairs off with Wally's friend Hugh Delafield, who has been the Counsel for the Plaintiff in the lawsuit.
The Change-Up	American	comedy	David Dobkin	One evening, after getting drunk at a bar, Mitch and Dave urinate in a park's fountain, and simultaneously wish that they had each other's lives. The next morning, Mitch and Dave realize they have switched bodies. Mitch remembers the wish they made the night before and they drive back to the park, planning to urinate again in the fountain and wish for their original lives back, but find the fountain has been removed for restorations. Forced to wait a few days until the parks department can locate the fountain, Mitch and Dave agree to pretend to be each other for the day. When Mitch arrives at Dave's law firm office, he befriends Dave's attractive assistant, Sabrina McArdle (Olivia Wilde). However, Mitch's lack of professionalism and legal knowledge cause a big merger to fall through. Meanwhile, Dave arrives at Mitch's film shoot to discover that it is a porno. Tired of pretending to be Mitch, Dave has them go back to his house to tell his wife Jamie (Leslie Mann) the truth, but Jamie does not believe him. Dave gives Mitch advice on how to behave professionally and Mitch sets Dave up on a date with Sabrina, who Dave has had a crush on. After speaking with his father, Mitch rededicates himself to doing everything Dave's life demands, from taking care of the kids and buying groceries to making decisions at the firm. On the night of her ballet recital, Cara, Dave's eldest child, is about to be pushed by another girl who has a habit of bullying her, but takes Mitch's advice and throws her to the floor, to which Mitch foul-mouthedly cheers. Cara tells Mitch that she loves him and Mitch says the same thing, but feels guilty for doing so immediately after. That night, Mitch and Jamie begin to have sex with each other, but Mitch angrily finds that his guilt will not allow him to become erect, and he admits that he is not cut out for the responsibilities of an adult. Jamie comforts him, and he discreetly rests his head on her breasts. The next day, Dave decides to take advantage of being Mitch and takes the day off. Dave does everything that he finds relaxing, including going to an aquarium and watching a showing of National Lampoon's Animal House at the theater. After Dave finishes having fun, he calls Mitch to help show him how to act fun on his date with Sabrina that night. Mitch teaches Dave how to act like him, and finally shaves off Dave's pubic hair. Sabrina comes to meet him at a classy restaurant and, despite only originally going because Mitch told her to, they eventually legitimately start liking each other, and get tattoos. Dave walks Sabrina home, and she tells him to call her. Later, Jamie asks Dave about their anniversary party and he asks why Mitch was not invited. She says that he told her not to invite him because he was afraid Mitch would ruin it with his usual antics. Meanwhile, Dave is rollerblading through the park when he is called by the woman from the district manager's office and tells him that they found where the statue was moved to. Dave goes to meet Mitch and tell him, but when Dave gets there, he and Mitch imply that they want to stay each other and Dave leaves. However, Mitch forgets about the Dialogue Night that he and Jamie had planned and accidentally stands her up. The following day, Mitch goes with the rest of the representatives to the new merger meeting between the two firms. The Japanese representatives only offer $625 million to merge, $75 million short of their hoped for $700 million. They are about to agree when Mitch says that he has noticed the firm's representatives have not started leaving, which means they are still willing to up the price, comparing the whole situation to sex and porn. He tells the moderator to tell the firm they demand $725 million and has Dave's firm's representatives begin to leave. They successfully scare the other firm into agreeing and celebrate. Mitch and Dave's family go to a gala being held by Dave's firm in honor of Dave being made partner, but Jamie is still upset over how she knows Dave will still never truly be happy. Meanwhile, Dave and Sabrina are at a baseball game when a thunderstorm suddenly hits, and they decide to go to Mitch's house to wait it out. Sabrina tells Dave that she is going to have sex with him, and takes off her pants and bra, but when they begin, he notices a tattoo of a many-spotted skipperling on her hip, the same type of butterfly his daughter said was her favorite, and regretfully leaves, saying he wants to go home. Back at the gala, Steel is giving his speech about the amazing accomplishments Dave made over the years, and how the only thing he loves more than the law is his family. Mitch says to himself that he did not earn the title he is getting, as Dave quickly drives up to the gala, rushes in, and kisses Jamie, finally letting her know that he is who he said he was. He tells her that he loves her, and he and Mitch drive to the Peachtree Galleria, where the fountain was moved. They run in, planning to urinate in the fountain, but find it located in the center of the Galleria, where it is surrounded by hordes of people walking by. They decide to not wait and do it then, but Mitch finds that he is too embarrassed to urinate, especially after the crowd notices Dave doing so. Mitch asks why Dave did not invite him to his anniversary party, and Dave admits that he was embarrassed of him, but has grown to respect him while he was in his body and this allows Mitch to relax enough to be able to urinate. Mitch and Dave try wishing for their original lives back, but it does not work. Security begins to come to arrest them, but on the third try the Galleria's lights go out, and they both run away before they turn back on. The confused crowd looks around, and the camera pans up to the face of the statue, once again smiling. In the epilogue, Dave is awoken by his babies crying that night, thrilled to realize that he has finally returned in his original body. Dave continually kisses Jamie and happily goes to change the babies. At his home, Mitch awakens to enthusiastically admire himself and happily get breakfast with Sabrina, not realizing that the tattoo Dave got is a picture of his face on Mitch's back with the caption I ♥ Dave. Mitch goes and speaks at his father's wedding and later attends Dave's anniversary a month later. In the post-credits scene, Dave and Jamie get high then go to the aquarium Dave went to earlier, while Mitch and Sabrina have sex for the first time and Mitch sends Dave the porno film he starred in.
Greenberg	American	comedy	Noah Baumbach	Florence Marr (Greta Gerwig) walks the Greenberg family dog, Mahler. She picks up Phillip Greenberg's dry cleaning and heads back to his house, where the entire family is packing for a trip to Vietnam. Phillip (Chris Messina) explains that his brother, Roger, will be staying in the house while they are away, and he asks Florence to help Roger if he needs anything. His wife, Carol (Susan Traylor), confides that Roger has just been released from a hospital after suffering a nervous breakdown. Roger is a carpenter and has been hired by Phillip to build Mahler a dog house. It is implied throughout the film that Roger actually does little work, and Carol is skeptical about him actually finishing the project. When Roger (Ben Stiller) arrives, he calls Florence to ask about the people swimming in the pool. Florence explains that they are neighbors who are allowed to use the pool. She comes to the house to pick up her paycheck and feed Mahler. She has a very brief and awkward conversation with Roger, before offering to pick up groceries for him. He gives her a two-item list, requesting whiskey and ice cream sandwiches. Roger's friend Ivan Schrank (Rhys Ifans) stops by and invites him to a barbecue at the home of their mutual friend Eric Beller (Mark Duplass). At the party, Roger is uncomfortable, and Eric is visibly hostile towards him. He runs into Beth (Jennifer Jason Leigh), an ex-girlfriend, and she agrees to meet up with him for some drinks. He explains that he is in Los Angeles to simply do nothing for a while. She replies that it is brave for a man in his mid-forties to have no ambition. Meanwhile, he calls Florence to meet up for a drink. Since as a New Yorker, he does not drive, she picks him up. They stop at her apartment to pick up her purse, which she forgot. Roger comes on to her, and they begin to have sex. Having just come out of a long relationship, Florence stops Roger, not wanting to have meaningless sex. Eric and Roger have dinner, where Eric vents his anger over the fact that Roger declined a major label recording contract that their band was offered fifteen years ago. Eric marvels over the fact that Ivan will even talk to Roger anymore, given how devastated Ivan was by losing the contract. Roger insists that conforming to the commercial contract would have been impossible for the band. One day, Roger notices that Mahler is lethargic. He calls Florence to take them to a vet, where they learn that the dog has an auto-immune disease. Roger did not want to get involved with Florence, but as they encounter each other during Mahler's treatment, they keep escalating their relationship, with Florence falling hard for Roger. When Roger meets up with Beth for drinks, it is her turn to be uncomfortable. She barely remembers their relationship; whereas, he remembers the most minute details from their time together. Roger muses, to Beth's astonishment, that they would have probably gotten married and had kids. When Roger asks her out on a date, she says it would be a 'terrible idea' and abruptly asks for the check. After Florence and Roger finally have sex, they end up in an argument, where he yells at her for always coming back to him, despite the fact that he does not want to get involved. The next day, Roger remorsefully calls her, and Florence is getting drunk in her apartment alone. She confesses that she is due to have an abortion the next day. Roger convinces her to let him take her to the clinic. Since he does not drive, Ivan has to drive Roger and Florence to the clinic. She undergoes general anaesthesia and stays in the clinic overnight. Back at the house, Roger's college-age niece, Sara (Brie Larson) has turned up. She is heading to Australia the next morning with her friend, Muriel (Juno Temple), and they throw a house party with dozens of their friends. Roger does drugs with the kids. Ivan shows up and gets into an argument with Roger, where his hurt feelings over the record contract come up. Roger confesses that he had no idea that his personal concerns about the contract would put a stop to the entire deal, and he admits to feeling an immense burden of guilt over it. Both Ivan and Roger bemoan the fact that they have ended up in lives that they did not plan to have; however, Ivan has made peace with his. Before leaving he tells Roger that he had heard from Florence that Roger had been hospitalized, which Roger had never brought up. Having had a similar experience he laments he could have helped him and in disgust says that they never talk about anything good or meaningful. Dejected, Roger ends up calling Florence's phone and leaving her a long voice mail where he confesses that he really likes her. The next day, Roger's niece invites him to Australia, and he jumps at the invitation. He convinces the neighbors in the pool to take care of Mahler, but on the way to the airport, he changes his mind. Instead, he goes to pick up Florence at the hospital, and they return to her apartment. The film closes as she listens to Roger's voice mail.
Carry On Constable	British	comedy	Gerald Thomas	A suburban police station is understaffed, due to a flu epidemic, and Sergeant Wilkins, under pressure to maintain staffing levels, is pleased to hear that three new recruits, straight from training school, are due shortly. Before even arriving, the three policemen inadvertently assist some bank robbers into their getaway car (a Jaguar Mk2), and are embarrassed when they learn the truth. The new constables are self-proclaimed intellectual and amateur psychologist PC Timothy Benson, former socially well-connected playboy and cad PC Tom Potter, and PC Charles Constable who is extremely superstitious. The arrival of WPC Gloria Passworthy and Special Constable Gorse completes the roster. Constable falls in love with Passworthy. Out on the beat, the new constables try hard, but are less than successful. Benson nearly arrests a plainclothes detective, and Constable believes he is just heard a murder being committed, but it turns out to be a radio play. Potter investigates a report of an intruder, but finds a young woman in the bath. Gorse, tasked to patrol with a police dog, is unable to control it. They have better luck when a wages robbery takes place. Benson and Potter locate the getaway car and all four engage in a confrontation with the thieves, arresting them and recovering the money. Commended for his efficiency and excellent results, Inspector Mills is promoted to a training position and Wilkins is promoted to replace him. Charlie Constable gets his girl (with a little help from Sgt Moon) and stops being superstitious.
Three Kings	Malayalam	comedy	V. K. Prakash	Shankar, Ram and Bhaskar are three brothers from a royal palace who always fight with each other from childhood. None of them allows the others to prosper and creates trouble for each other in whatever they do. Their parents have taken money from a money lender called Dinakaran who has given the money on lease of the place. When the debts increased, the three realized that they cannot repay the money and get back the palace and so they try to steal the papers from Dinakaran's house with the help of his daughters who are the girlfriends of the three kings. But Dinakaran catches them and hands them over to the police. In the police lockup, they happen to hear from a blind man that there is a treasure hidden somewhere in the Mysore forest which belonged to their family. He says that this was hidden by Tipu Sultan centuries back. He can help them if they promise to give him a portion of it. But that night, his illness becomes worse and he dies on his way to the hospital, but he hands the three a map of the treasure before he leaves the cell. The three kings leave to Mysore to find the treasure. Each of them takes a different route and tries to be there first and make the treasure their own, but ultimately they have join hands because each of them had only one portion of the map which they split while having a fight in the police lockup. Finally they finds the treasure but it turns out that everything was a forged play and they were part of a reality show which a popular channel organized. They all end up humiliated because cameras were following them every moment and caught all their fights on camera and broadcast it. But during one of the fights they had inside the cave, it turns out that the three kings misplaced the gold idol kept by the channel and took the real golden idol itself. This makes them all rich and they take back the palace from the money lender. The three kings get married with their girlfriends and they gets three kids. In the final scene, it is shown that their three kids are also fighting with each other the same way their fathers did when they were kids showing us that the legacy continues.
Entourage	American	comedy	Doug Ellin	Vincent Chase, who separated from his wife after nine days of marriage, wants to do something new in his career. He calls his former agent-turned-studio head Ari Gold, who offers Vince a leading role in his first studio production. Vince says he will only star in it if he directs. Eight months later, Hyde, the directorial debut by Vince, is in the middle of post-production and is over budget by $15 million. Needing more money, Vince asks Ari if they can get an additional $10 million to complete the movie. Reluctant, but wanting to please him, Ari flies to Texas to meet the co-financiers of the movie, Larsen McCredle and his son Travis, to get them to give the money. Hesitant, Larsen sends Travis with Ari back to Los Angeles to see a cut of the film at Vince's private screening. Vince has second thoughts on the rough cut and cancels the screening out of fear no one will enjoy it. He later gives Ari and Travis a copy of the movie for their viewing. Ari and Travis enjoy the movie but Travis requests that Ari cut the scenes with Vince's brother, Johnny Drama Chase, out of the movie or he will not give the film the extra money. With Ari giving him no answer, Travis puts the post-production on hold. Vince and Eric E Murphy visit Travis to come up with a solution, but this results in Travis saying he did not like Vince's performance either and wants the entire movie to be redone with a new lead and director. In addition, studio CEO John Ellis removes Ari from the production. The boys soon realize the reason Travis is angry over the movie is because Vince is spending time with Emily Ratajkowski, with whom Travis is infatuated. Learning of this, Ari interrupts Ellis in a boardroom meeting with Larsen and Travis with this information. Surprised, Larsen says he will stay behind the movie but mandates the condition that Ari is no longer working for the studio because, although he agreed his son was being juvenile, Ari had disrespected his son. During this time, the boys are in the hospital as E's ex-fiancée Sloan goes into labor. Sloan gives birth to a girl, Ryan Murphy, and the boys celebrate. Ari arrives at the hospital and also announces that he resigned and invested his severance to complete the movie. Hyde becomes a box office hit, grossing over $450 million worldwide. At the Golden Globe Awards, Drama ends up winning the award for Best Supporting Actor. Stunned, Drama goes to accept the award and is silent for a moment before yelling his trademark Viking Quest phrase, VICTORY!!! In a mid-credits scene, Ari's former assistant Lloyd has his wedding and Ari gives him away. When the group gets together for a picture, Billy Walsh suggests that they should make a film (or TV show) about the lives of Vince and the gang.
Old Mother Riley at Home	British	comedy	Oswald Mitchell	Mother Riley's daughter Kitty has run off with her new and (so says Mother Riley), no good boyfriend. With the aid of Kitty's true love Dan, Mother Riley tracks the runaways, and discovers them in a gambling den.[2]
The Big Bad Swim	American	comedy	Ishai Setton	The film is an ensemble comedy-drama that focuses on the group of people, each of whom is afraid of the water, that join an adult swim class. Amy Pierson (Paget Brewster) is a calculus teacher going through a divorce with her husband, Paul (Grant Aleksander). Noah Owens (Jeff Branson) is the teacher of the swim class who is battling depression until he meets Jordan (Jess Weixler), a beautiful casino dealer/exotic dancer who wants to learn how to swim. Other members in the class include a cop (Kevin Porter Young), a cocky woman who already knows how to swim (Liza Lapira), and a married couple (Todd Susman and Darla Hill). Jordan's brother, David (Avi Setton) and his obnoxious friend Hunter (Ricky Ullman) are trying to make a documentary about her.
Role Models	American	comedy	David Wain	Danny and Wheeler are two energy drink salesmen who promote a drink called Minotaur to school children, and encourage kids to stay off drugs. Wheeler loves the job, but Danny hates it, viewing it as a pointless, dead-end career. Danny's depression results in the collapse of his relationship with his girlfriend Beth, after he impulsively proposes to her. After a presentation at an elementary school, the duo find their Minotaur truck being towed, as they were parked in a no-parking zone. After an argument with the tow truck driver, Danny attempts to drive their truck free of the tow truck, damaging the tow truck, nearly running over a security guard and crashing into a statue. Both men are arrested and charged with assault and disorderly conduct. Beth strikes a deal with the judge in which they have to log 150 hours of community service over the next 30 days, in lieu of 30 days in jail. They are to complete their service with Sturdy Wings, a big brother-big sister program led by Gayle Sweeny, a recovering addict. Gayle is aware of their court mandate and warns them that if they fail to meet her requirements they will be sent to prison. Wheeler is paired up with Ronnie, a foul-mouthed streetwise miscreant obsessed with breasts, who has driven away all the other Bigs he has been paired with. Danny is assigned Augie, a nerdy teenager obsessed with medieval live action role-playing games. Danny is unable to find common ground with Augie while Ronnie takes a disliking to Wheeler. Danny considers choosing the jail sentence, but Wheeler insists that if they go to jail, they will get raped. They gradually bond with their littles. Ronnie and Wheeler share the experience of having been abandoned by their fathers while Danny learns about Augie's medieval fantasy realm. Ronnie takes an interest in Wheeler's favorite group, Kiss, and discovers that Wheeler shares his obsession with breasts, which Wheeler teaches him to control. Danny and Augie bond when they realize that they are both involved in the Sturdy Wings program against their will. Danny joins Augie's live action role playing game, LAIRE (Live Action Interactive Role-playing Explorers) and attempts to reconcile with Beth, but to no avail (Beth must commit to the break-up, stating that it is for the best). However, their good luck is short-lived. When Augie manages to sneak up on the King of LAIRE, Argotron the King lies and tells everyone that he killed Augie. Danny, defending Augie, confronts and then pushes the King, and gets himself and Augie banned from LAIRE forever. Later, Danny insults Augie's mother and stepfather for refusing to support Augie's hobby, earning their hatred. As soon as Augie's parents kick Danny out of their house, Danny retorts, I'd be psyched if he were my kid. Meanwhile, Wheeler takes Ronnie to a party and leaves him unsupervised, resulting in Ronnie walking home alone and a series of angry messages from Ronnie's mother, Karen, on Wheeler's cell-phone. Ronnie and Augie's parents ask Sturdy Wings for new mentors, and Danny and Wheeler are expelled from the program, thus failing to complete their community service. Beth says that she will defend Danny and Wheeler in court, but cannot make any promises, as they will eventually be sent to jail. Danny and Wheeler argue and go their separate ways. Danny convinces King Argotron to allow himself and Augie to fight that afternoon in the much-awaited battle royale. Wheeler gets permission from Karen to hang out with Ronnie after he gets out of jail, and earns Ronnie's forgiveness. However, the King secretly warns the other members of Augie's LAIRE country of Xanthia that allowing Augie to fight with them will lead to severe retribution in the game. They call Augie to tell him he's too much of a liability and he has nowhere to turn. To form a new LAIRE country, Danny and Augie need four members and matching costumes. Danny asks Wheeler and Ronnie to join them. They arrive with Wheeler's Kiss costumes and a Kiss-themed Minotaur truck, naming their new country Kiss-My-Anthia. After a betrayal by his former Xanthian allies, Augie finally duels with the king, defeating him. A hidden player, Sarah, who goes by Esplen in LAIRE, then attacks and defeats Augie; she is crowned the new queen and chooses Augie as her king-consort. Augie's parents forgive Danny. Impressed with having seen that Wheeler and Danny care for the children, Gayle clears their names with the judge. Danny serenades Beth with a rendition of the Kiss song Beth and they happily reconcile.
Adi Kapyare Kootamani	Malayalam	comedy	John Varghese	The movie starts with the introduction of Father Alfred Kattuvilayil (Mukesh) who considers himself to be a very strict warden of a college boys hostel. His assistant Shaanthappan (Bijukuttan) always tries to show him the mischief of the students but always fails. Adhishta Lakshmi (Namitha Pramod) fights with her father (John Vijay) over her boyfriend and on the next day meets Bhanuprasad (Dhyan Sreenivasan) in the canteen of his college. Bhanu has lost his gold chain by lending it for his friend Harris (Bhagath Manuel). As he wanted money, Lakshmi offers the amount of rupees 20,000 for taking her to his hostel for some unknown reason on that night. That night Bhanu smuggles Lakshmi into the hostel, but by the time he tries to get her out, the way out was blocked. That night both stay in Bhanu's room. Not fully trusting Bhanu,Lakshmi ties Bhanu in his hostel room's study and sets alarm in his phone to be start at 3 AM. But both sleeps off as it is like a lullaby song and wake up only by eight, when Bhanu's friend Bruno (Aju Varghese) knocks his door. Bhanu skips college and tries to get her out. But the escape route was blocked by Father and Shanthappan. He tries to get her out through the Main entrance but to his horror, college was closed for strike as her father beaten an auto rickshaw driver because of him,dropped her in front of his hostel expecting that she (Adishta Lakshmi)escaped with his help. So the students came back to the hostel. Both stays in Bhanu's room for the whole day planning to escape from the terrace that night. When Bhanu goes to the terrace to check, he sees a number of students including his friends Bruno, Koshy (Vineeth Mohan) and Remo (Neeraj Madhav) boozing. They force him to drink and he forgets about Lakshmi locked in his room. When Shanthappan goes near Bhanu's room after sometime, he hears Lakshmi speaking in her sleep in Tamil. He thinks that it is a ghost and get the key from Bhanu's pocket and opens the door. Lakshmi kicks him and run out of the room, and Shanthappan is knocked out. Next day Bhanu wake up and Father is persuaded by Shanthappan to check Bhanu's room for the ghost. Bhanu opens the room reluctantly and is surprised not to see Lakshmi. He then finds out that his friends found out about Lakshmi and they together plans to get her out. Bhanu meets Lakshmi in Bruno's room. Lakshmi tells them the reason that she came in the hostel. She had a lover Premraj (Roshan Mathew)who was a Casanova, who was in the hostel, and after he broke up with her she wanted to take revenge. So she went to his room and slapped him. Friends while planning to get her out, is irritated by the behavior of Remo as he constantly tries to flirt with Lakshmi. That day night when they try to get her out from the terrace, Father and Shanthappan see her in white dress and both believes that there is a ghost. Then Bhanu makes a new plan: to make everyone believe that there is actually a ghost and he will summon her with Ouija board in the presence of Father. When Father do some magical rituals the Ghost (Lakshmi) will leave and that way she can get out of the hostel. They plan and does things so that other inmates believe that there is a ghost. But in reality, there was an actual ghost in the hostel who came when Bhanu used the Ouija board. But Lakshmi successfully gets out of the hostel as per the original plan, even though some super natural events occur. The ghost is shown still wandering through the hostel. In the credits, Lakshmi is in her house and Bhanu visits her with her bag which she had forgotten in his room. She asks him to leave but hears her fathers voice and asks him to wait till three in the morning. Bhanu now understands that he is trapped in her house just like how she was trapped in the hostel.
Punha Gondhal Punha Mujra	Marathi	comedy	Balkrushna Shinde	The story of this film revolves around two politicians from the same village. One of them is an elected MLA from Village constituency Narayan Wagh (Makarand Anaspure) and the other being his opponent Vishwasrao Tope(Sayaji Shinde), who has lost the election to Mr. Wagh by a narrow margin. But, Vishwasrao manages to get this nomination as MLC. So, to prove their supremacy, they indulge themselves in dirty politics, so as to turn the tables on each other. And, this clearly goes on to show how murky the politics is at the village level.
Friends and Neighbours	British	comedy	Gordon Parry	At the height of the Cold War, a working-class British family have to entertain two visitors from Russia.
My One and Only	American	comedy	Richard Loncraine	In New York City in 1953, Anne Deveraux lives with her bandleader husband Danny, their 15-year-old son George, and Anne's somewhat older effeminate son Robbie. After catching Danny in yet another affair, Anne leaves him and takes the children with her. Anne embarks on a road trip across the United States, in search of a husband to fund a new life for her and her boys. George serves as the chauffeur. They first travel to Boston and Pittsburgh. Anne has a string of disastrous attempts at relationship. After finding that a former suitor now deems her too old to be of interest she becomes desperate and dispirited and chats up a man in a bar who turns out to be an undercover house detective. He takes her for a prostitute and charges her with solicitation. Meanwhile, George meets with his father who comes into town on a tour. George asks him to take him back to New York but Danny turns him down because he is often on the road for his work. George concludes that Danny does not love him. George also learns that Danny had sent money several times, but Anne resolutely returned it each time. Running low on funds, Anne tries her luck in St. Louis where her sister lives. The sisters have a very strained relationship but Anne tries to make the best of it and takes a job at a paint store and becomes engaged to the owner. It turns out, however, he is mentally ill and already married. Anne is paid off by the man's family for her trouble. As Anne readies to get on the road again, this time for Los Angeles, George informs her that he is staying with Anne's sister, whom he'd already cleared it with. Anne and George argue bitterly and Anne, resigned, accepts his decision and leaves with Robbie, who now serves as the chauffeur. Near Albuquerque, mother and son get robbed by a couple they picked up for gas money. Robbie phones George to tell him what happened. In discussing it with Anne's sister and her husband, George discovers Anne had left money with them for his board and care. He takes the remaining money and meets Anne and Robbie at a Greyhound bus station somewhere in the Southwest. The three arrive in Los Angeles and settle into a shabby apartment. Anne comes home one day to find Danny waiting for her. He asks if she still loves him and says he wants her and the boys to come back to New York. She replies, I don't know if I love you but I do know I don't need you. Danny then departs extending an open invitation to return if she changes her mind. Anne forges ahead and the family gets work as extras in a movie. Anne catches the eye of the movie producer and manages to get Robbie slated to try for a starring role. George thinks maybe his mother was right all along and everything will turn out fine. But that evening Anne gets a call and learns Danny has died of a heart attack. George flies back to New York to attend Danny's funeral and gets Anne's blessing to stay there and attend his former prep school on scholarship. Soon, however, he realizes he belongs with his family and returns to Los Angeles unannounced. George finds Robbie having difficulty with a scene in a movie. As he helps Robbie recite his lines, George is discovered as a talented actor. Robbie gives up acting and goes to work in costuming. In epilogue, George reveals that he is a contracted Hollywood actor and has changed his last name to Hamilton, which was his father's real last name. He realizes that Anne, Robbie and he didn't need anyone to take care of them, that they could take care of themselves and that they were going to be just fine.
10 Terrorists	Australian	comedy	Dee McLachlan	Originally titled Who Wants To Be a Terrorist,[3] the film follows 10 wannabe terrorists that compete in a series of challenges to win $1 million.[2]
Golden Arrow	British	comedy	Gordon Parry	On a journey from Paris to London, a Briton, a Frenchman and an American bond with each other and indulge in a romantic fantasy about a girl they see.
Old Mother Riley Joins Up	British	comedy	Maclean Rogers	Old Mother Riley, working as a nurse, is forced to volunteer for the Auxiliary Territorial Service. There is chaos until she is able to prevent Nazi spies from getting their hands on important documents.[2]
Tammy	American	comedy	Ben Falcone	In Murphysboro, Illinois, Tammy Banks strikes a deer on the way to her job at the fast food restaurant Topper Jack's, damaging her vehicle; when she arrives, her supervisor, Keith Morgan, is forced to dismiss her from the restaurant. After her car breaks down on the way home on Illinois Route 13, she walks home to find her husband, Greg, eating a romantic meal with their neighbor, Missi. Tammy leaves in frustration and walks two doors down to her parents' house. She tells her mother, Deb, about her plans to leave and takes her grandmother Pearl's car. Pearl requests to come along. Tammy initially refuses but ultimately agrees when Pearl proves that she has a large sum of cash. Tammy has beer with Pearl, and the next morning they wake up near a park where Pearl convinces Tammy not to go back home. Pearl wants to go to Niagara Falls with Tammy since she hadn't gone as a child. Along the way the two stop in a bar in Louisville, Kentucky, Tammy meets Earl Tillman and his son Bobby, and Earl hooks up with Pearl. Tammy and Bobby begin to make a love connection as Pearl and Earl drunkenly make out in the car. Bobby gives Tammy his number to call him so he can pick up Earl. Back at the hotel, Tammy is forced to sleep outside. The next morning, Bobby picks up Earl, and the two leave. Tammy, infuriated with Pearl, leaves her, but returns after feeling guilty. Tammy and Pearl are arrested after Pearl gets caught buying a case of beer for two teenagers as well as shoplifting a pint of whiskey for herself. Tammy is released, but Pearl stays at the jail for possessing illegal prescription drugs. To bail out Pearl, Tammy robs a Topper Jack's, where she converses with employees Becky and Larry. Finally having obtained the money, she rushes to the prison to bail Pearl out, but Bobby has already bailed her out. With the help of Pearl's wealthy lesbian cousin Lenore (who made her fortune off of a small chain of pet supply stores), they destroy the car to hide the evidence from the robbery. The two then stay at the home of Lenore and her wife, Susanne. At a 4th of July party thrown at the house, Pearl gets drunk and humiliates Tammy by making rude comments about her weight and appearance in front of all the guests. After Tammy runs off to the dock on the lake by the house, Lenore follows her to both comfort her and offer her some tough love, telling her that she always complains about her life, but never does anything to change it. She tells Tammy that if she wants to make things better for herself she needs to work hard to make it happen. Later in the morning, Tammy brings coffee to Pearl, who is presumably asleep outside. After repeatedly trying to wake her, Pearl does not wake up and Tammy assumes she is dead. She, Lenore, and Susanne grieve Pearl's death, but Pearl suddenly awakens, much to everyone's shock. Pearl was actually unconscious due to the large amount of alcohol she drank the previous night. Tammy is relieved, and she tearfully demands Pearl to get help for her drinking problem. The ambulance arrives and takes Pearl to the hospital. The police arrive as well, and Tammy is arrested for her robbery of Topper Jack's. Tammy is released from prison 38 days later, and her father, Don, picks her up. He offers to kill Greg for her, though she declines. Returning home, Tammy finds that Greg and Missi have packed Tammy's belongings. She and Greg agree to an amicable divorce. She walks down the street to her parents' place and finds out that Pearl is now living in Brookview Retirement Home. Tammy goes to Brookview to break her out, but Pearl is actually happy there. She has been attending Alcoholics Anonymous meetings at the home, and she is dating one of the men there. However, they do still take a trip to Niagara Falls. At Niagara Falls, Bobby surprises Tammy there and they kiss. Tammy tells him about her choice to move to Louisville to get a fresh start in life and get closer to him. The last scene shows Missi leaving Greg to be with Keith and Tammy befriends Becky and Larry.
 Kath & Kimderella	Australian	comedy	Ted Emery	Kath Day-Knight (Jane Turner) is still living in Fountain Lakes, Melbourne, however Kel (Glenn Robbins) has become a bore after their honeymoon period, and Kim (Gina Riley) has moved back in after a divorce with Brett (Peter Rowsthorn), despite receiving marriage counselling from Marion (Marg Downey). While visiting the local pharmacy for wart remover, Kath fills out a form for a chance to win a holiday to (the fictional) Kingdom of Papilloma, on the heel of Italy (with the real scenes being filmed in Positano). Initially asking Kel, who refuses to travel because of his fear of flying and his dedication to watching the finals of MasterChef, Kath reluctantly decides to take Kim and Sharon (Magda Szubanski) along on the trip. Coincidentally, Prue (Jane Turner) and Trude (Gina Riley) are clandestinely embarking on a holiday to Italy at the same time. After a 50-plus hour flight, the three arrive in Italy exhausted. Becoming energised again following a stop at a cheap knock-off fashion shop, they arrive in Papilloma to find that their accommodation has closed down. Deciding to take their complimentary trip to the castle which sits atop the hill, they meet page Alain (Richard E. Grant), who Sharon takes a liking to, and King Javier (Rob Sitch), who takes a liking to Kath, and allows all three to stay in the castle, under the impression the three are rich from their imitation-brand clothing and can save him from bankruptcy. Meanwhile, a strange noise can be heard echoing throughout the castle, eyes watch from holes in pictures, and a masked figure, revealed to be the son of Javier, Prince Julio (Erin Mullally), becomes attracted to Kim (thinking that she is royalty from her top bearing the title Princess). Javier shows Kath through the town, where it becomes apparent that he is not liked by the poor townspeople, being spat at and having a tomato thrown at him. He later invites the three to a '80s-esque club, where they dance to Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go before Javier arrests a gay couple who were dancing, informing Kath that homosexuality is illegal in Papilloma. At a later date, the three are invited to a royal ball, to which Kim wears a large gypsy-inspired pink dress. The masked figure approaches and proposes to Kim, who initially refuses because she thinks his mask is hiding a disfigurement. Disregarding Javier's protests, Julio unmasks himself, revealing a handsome face, blond hair hidden by a wig and his crooked teeth to be fake. The invited townspeople gasp as it becomes apparent from his appearance he is not the queen's son. Kim then accepts (stating that she's done worse), and the imminent royal wedding makes worldwide news. The same night, a fire is noticed on one of the castle's turrets. Rushing inside, the royals, along with Kath, Kim and Sharon, discover that the queen has appeared and set the castle on fire from Kim and Sharon's bedroom using Kim's hair straightener. However, the queen is suddenly killed by a falling chandelier and the fire is put out; Javier puts the girls' minds at ease when he explains that the queen was locked up because she was crazy, jealous of his attraction to Kath and the source of the noises made around the castle. Back in Australia, Kel is watching MasterChef with Brett when a news update from Papilloma about the royal wedding interrupts the show, and Brett realises it is Kim getting hitched. Javier is then shown grabbing Kath's backside, and Kel thinks she is having an affair. The pair decide to fly to Papilloma, but not before Kel receives hypnosis therapy from Marion to combat his fear of flying, which turns strangely sexual and programs him with the phrase Tray tables up. While on the flight with Brett and Epponnee-Rae (Morghyne de Vries), now a spoiled brat who participates in child beauty pageants, Kel hears the phrase during the announcement that the flight will soon be touching down. In a trance, he makes his way to the toilet, where he undresses before later collecting his luggage, opens the sealed door (with the plane having just pulled into the airport), triggering the evacuation slide and leaves. In Papilloma, Kath confronts Javier about being a despot, who rules Papilloma as an absolute monarch. Kel interrupts Javier attempting to put the moves on Kim, and the two engage in a sword duel for her affections; Kel wins and Javier flees. Kim and Sharon become lost before the wedding after exploring their shared bedroom's closet, with Kim having been sabotaged and attempted to be killed by maid Isabella (Jessica De Gouw), who loves Julio and earlier had been teased by Kim. After Kim and Sharon come across a disco-like chamber, it is revealed that Alain has kept all of the imprisoned townspeople and homosexuals there, and they are soon freed, as Kath and Kel, making their way to the wedding, discover the lost Kim and Sharon. Kim laments her messy hair, however Kath, in a fantasy moment, practices her amateur TAFE-learnt wicca on Kim, giving her a makeover (but not before turning her into Dame Edna). With the four finally arriving at the wedding, Epponnee-Rae and Brett (who made their way to Papilloma with Prue and Trude, who are also in attendance) interrupt Kim and Julio's vows, and set off a heated argument in which it is revealed that Kim is not actually royalty, and that Julio (who had earlier revealed that his mother is Elle Macpherson) is not Javier's son, as he fathered no children. Gary Poole (Mick Molloy, who earlier appeared in a flashback), Kath's ex-husband and Kim's father, is revealed to be an extradited royal descendant, therefore making Kath a queen and Kim a princess. Alain also confesses he was forced to make love to the queen, and fathered a daughter, the maid Isabella, who professes her love for Prince Julio. Following the unsuccessful wedding, the royals (including Kath and Kim) along with Kel and Brett appear on a balcony above the town square, where the townspeople chant for food. Javier decides to relinquish some of his power (allowing Papilloma to become a democracy), and a party with plentiful food is later thrown, which the townspeople attend. At the party, Sharon passionately kisses Alain, who tells her he can't return her affections because she's gay (which had been hinted at throughout the film, referencing Szubanski's real-life coming out), leaving her confused and disheartened before she meets Stephanie (Tasneem Roc), who shares her interest in golf and netball. Kath and Kim later discuss returning to Australia after their eventful, fairy tale-like holiday.
An Ideal Husband	British	comedy	Alexander Korda	A mysterious lady attempts to blackmail a respected politician into giving a speech in parliament that supports her interests.[3]
Dentist in the Chair	British	comedy	Don Chaffey	Two dental students, David Cookson (Monkhouse) and Brian Dexter (Ronnie Stevens) become mixed up in the misadventures of a thief, Sam Field (played by Kenneth Connor), when he tries to sell them stolen dental equipment.
A Lot Like Love	American	comedy	Nigel Cole	Constructed as a series of chapters that take place at a turning point in each character's life, the story moves from seven years in the past to three years to two and finally arrives in the present day. Emily Friehl (Amanda Peet) and Oliver Martin's (Ashton Kutcher) first encounter is on a flight from Los Angeles to New York City. He has hopes of becoming an Internet entrepreneur and, certain of his future success, gives her his mother's phone number and suggests she call him in six years to see if his prediction came true. Three years later, facing the prospect of spending New Year's Eve alone, Emily finds Oliver's number and calls him, and the two meet for dinner. Thus starts a series of reunions with the passing of time, as each drifts in and out of relationships with others, Oliver and his business partner Jeeter start an on-line diaper service, and Emily becomes a successful photographer. Each time they meet, one appears to be settled and content while the other is struggling to make headway in both life and career. Eventually they come to the realization that each is exactly the person the other one needs for fulfillment.
Miss Pilgrim's Progress	British	comedy	Val Guest	Laramie Pilgrim (Yolande Donlan) is an American exchange factory worker who trades places with an upper class British girl. After much adjusting to English country life, and with the various attendant culture clashes, Miss Pilgrim comes to the rescue of her new village and its exploitation by a local land developer.
Darvinte Parinamam	Malayalam	comedy	Jijo Antony	Anil Anto and his wife shift from Kottarakara and settle down with help of his friends in Kochi. They rent a small apartment and slowly settle down to their lives. Anil works for a cable TV company as a technician. Gorilla Darvin is a well known gangster who along with his brothers rule Kochi underworld. Anil's wife is pregnant and they are very happy. During a drive by Darvin's brother steals Anil's wives' chain and pushes her down causing an abortion. Their lives turns due to this incident. They complain to police to no avail. During an installation, he sees the person who caused this problem. He chases them and gets into a fight. He brutally beats him up and takes him to police. The Police inspector is a cousin of Darvin and abuses Anil for beating up a culprit. He then calls up Darvin to come pick his brother. Darvin picks his brother from the Police station and insults Anil by giving some money to Anil to get his wife a new chain. Anil slaps Darvin which causes a scene. Darvin retreats back. Anil then faces the wrath of Darvin. Darvin and gang slowly steal every belonging from Anil and leave them with just an empty apartment. Anil loses all his possessions. A friendly policeman then explains that this is Darvin's style of reacting and he cannot do anything about it. After all this, Anil takes help from a small-time gangster to try kidnap Darvin's kid and fails spectacularly in comedic fashion. They decide to kidnap Darvin's younger brother who is a film buff. They make a ransom call to Darvin only to be rebutted. While browsing through the photos on Gilli's phone, Anil finds the photo of a golden statue belonging to the church in their area. He realises that Darvin in the pretext of repairing the church has switched the golden one for a duplicate statue and holds the golden one in his chicken farm. Anil then steals this statue from the farm and starts negotiating with Darvin knowing that Darvin has a deal fixed to sell this statue to a foreign customer. He asks Darvin to give him his stuff, not new but the exact items stolen from him. Beginning a cat and mouse game pushing Darvin's patience. The final item is Anil's bike which was stolen from him and sold to Darvin's rival. Darvin fights with his rival (Solomon) to get the bike back. However, as Solomon tries to kill Darvin, Anil intervenes and helps Darvin out. Darvin initially plans to finish Anil for good once he tells him the location of the golden statue, however has a change of heart after Anil helps him out.
My Sexiest Year	American	comedy	Howard Himelstein	Jake Stein (Frankie Muniz) is a 17-year-old who lives with his sick mother and grandfather in Brooklyn. He wants nothing more than to be a writer, but when his mother’s health takes a turn for the worse, Jake is sent to Miami to live with his father, “Zowie” (Harvey Keitel), a small-time “handicapper” who gives horse racing tips for a living. Not much of a parent, Zowie has shirked his fatherly responsibilities for most of his son’s life. Nonetheless, Jake is excited about the prospects of bonding with his father in sunny Miami. Jake quickly befriends Mark, a local rich kid, whose excessive drug use helps him get through the pressures of teenage life in Southern Florida, where the in crowd only cares about how much money one's parents make, who’s coming to one's pool party, and whether or not one is getting laid. As Jake tries to navigate the waters of his new home—while trying to connect with his eccentric father—he meets Marina (Amber Valletta), a famous model who is in town for a photo shoot; the two quickly bond. Jake reminds Marina of her younger brother, who died in a motorcycle accident, and Jake is unable to get over the fact that such a beautiful woman is interested in him. But just when things seem to be going right, all goes terribly wrong. Jake must figure out how to become a man, if he is ever going to finish writing his memoir.
Cheaper by the Dozen 2	American	comedy	Adam Shankman	Two years after Tom Baker resigned from his head coaching position, the Baker family begins to undergo many changes, beginning with Lorraine and her desire to study in New York. Their oldest daughter Nora is now married to Bud McNulty and heavily pregnant with their first child. They intend to move to Houston because of Bud's new job promotion. Feeling the family is breaking apart as the children grow up and move away, Tom persuades the entire family to take one last family vacation all together at Lake Winnetka. Tom's old rival Jimmy Murtaugh and his large family (with only eight kids) are also there for the summer. Jimmy constantly flaunts his wealth and success to Tom, as well as the accomplishments of his children, often suggesting to Tom that the Baker children are less successful because of Tom's parenting style. The Baker kids get into many incidents, several of which are accidental: Mark Baker, along with Kenny Murtaugh, crashes into a tennis court with a golf cart; Sarah Baker is caught shoplifting in a gift shop, and Mark accidentally sets off a backpack of fireworks, causing widespread panic, especially when the backpack is thrown into a boat, igniting its engine and causing it to explode. Jimmy again starts the topic that Tom needs to use a firmer hand on his kids. Tom is angered by this, and they decide to settle the matter at the Annual Labor Day Family Cup. Tom trains the kids for days, not realizing they are miserable. Sarah and Elliot Murtaugh watch Ice Age together, but are spied on by their fathers, which ultimately results in them getting into an argument and humiliating their children. Upon returning home, Sarah is furious and refuses to compete for her father in the Cup. Everyone, including Kate, is angry with Tom, not only for spying on Sarah, but also for ruining the entire trip through his competitiveness with the Murtaughs. The next morning, Tom goes to the Cup to compete with Nigel and Kyle (the only two still willing to go). However, after discovering an old Team Baker flag, Kate and the rest of the family show up, showing they forgive Tom and are willing to compete. After the events, however, the Bakers and the Murtaughs are tied for first; a tiebreaking canoe race is announced, in which every family member must compete. During the race, Nora's water breaks; the Murtaughs want to help, but Jimmy, sensing the opportunity to defeat Tom once and for all, initially refuses to help. Eventually, the Murtaughs convince Jimmy that they should help the Bakers, and the Bakers and the Murtaughs work together to get Nora to the hospital as she goes into labor. Bud, Lorraine and Kate go with Nora in the delivery room, while Tom, Jimmy, Sarina and the rest of the kids stay in the waiting room. While talking to Jimmy, Tom realizes that he has to let his kids grow, but wherever they go, they will always be with him, and he will always be with them. Nora then gives birth to a baby boy who she and Bud name Tom in honor of her father, who has shown them there is no way to be a perfect parent, but a million ways to be a really good one. Bud announces that they have bought The Big House, the vacation home that the Bakers have been renting. Nora, Bud and baby Tom leave for Houston a few days later while the Bakers continue their vacation at Lake Winnetka.
BoyTown	Australian	comedy	Kevin Carlin	BoyTown, the greatest boyband of the eighties and the group that started the boyband phenomenon, leave their terrible lives and low-paying jobs for one last attempt at the big time. They return to the stage with slightly older fans and slightly larger pants to complete some unfinished business. These days they spend less time singing about tears, eternity, angels and their 'baby' and more time singing about divorce, shopping, and picking up the kids from school. As their triumphant tour draws to a conclusion all the personal issues that have been safely buried away for twenty years come bubbling to the surface with explosive consequences. Suddenly the band has to deal with allegations of infidelity, paternity tests, a miming fiasco, a band member outing himself live on stage, an awards night disaster, solo albums, a mysterious disappearance, and a plane journey that will cement the BoyTown legend forever. The official BoyTown website features clips from a mockumentary BoyTown Confidential, hosted by Tony Martin as Kenny Larkin, his character from the movie. The mockumentary was supposed to be included in its entirety on the DVD release of BoyTown, but was not included. Mick Molloy's Molloy Boy Productions has commented that it was left out due to lack of post-production funding, however Tony Martin said that he would have paid the estimated $5000 post-production cost as he believed it was one of his finest works. Speculation persists that Molloy thought the mockumentary would upstage the film itself. This has led to an ongoing rift between longtime collaborators Martin and Molloy.[2]
 Happy Endings	American	comedy	Don Roos	The film follows a diverse group of mostly middle-class Los Angelenos through the emotional ups and downs in their flawed yet very human lives, each loosely connected to each other through a restaurant. In the first story, Mamie (Lisa Kudrow) reluctantly agrees to work with a would-be young filmmaker (Jesse Bradford) in order to locate the now grown son she secretly gave up for adoption after becoming pregnant from her stepbrother Charley (Steve Coogan) – who is later revealed to be gay – 19 years earlier. In the second story arc, her stepbrother, and his domestic partner, Gil (David Sutcliffe), are deciding whether or not to confront their friends, a lesbian couple (Laura Dern and Sarah Clarke), regarding the paternity of their son. And in the third, a young man, Otis (Jason Ritter), is involved with a band and trying to keep his father, Frank (Tom Arnold), from learning that he is gay, while also dealing with the seemingly gold-digging woman, Jude (Maggie Gyllenhaal), who inserts herself into their lives.
Hail, Caesar!	American	comedy	Coen Brothers	In 1951, Eddie Mannix (Josh Brolin) is the head of physical production at Capitol Pictures and also works as a fixer to keep the scandalous behavior of its stars out of the press. He often has to fend off inquiries from Thora and Thessaly Thacker (both played by Tilda Swinton), twin sisters and rival gossip columnists. The Lockheed Corporation has been courting him with an offer of a high-level executive position, but he is unsure about taking it. When unmarried synchronised swimming actress DeeAnna Moran (Scarlett Johansson) becomes pregnant, Mannix arranges for her to put the baby in foster care, and then adopt it without revealing herself as the mother. The studio's major production is Hail, Caesar! A Tale of the Christ, an epic set in ancient Roman times and starring Baird Whitlock (George Clooney). During a shot, Whitlock drinks from a goblet of wine that was drugged by an extra (Wayne Knight); he passes out while rehearsing lines by himself behind the soundstage and is abducted. A ransom note soon arrives, written by a group calling itself The Future, demanding $100,000. Mannix arranges to get the money from the studio's Accounting Department, as petty cash. Whitlock awakens in a beach house and finds his way into a meeting of The Future, a Communist cell. The members, who introduce themselves as mostly writers in the motion picture industry, explain their doctrine to him and begin to win him over to their cause. At the same time, Thora threatens Mannix by stating she will release an article about a scandal involving the earlier film On Wings As Eagles, which gave Whitlock his break-out role. Mannix successfully negotiates for her to postpone the story by a day in exchange for information about the romantic life of singing Western film star Hobie Doyle (Alden Ehrenreich). Doyle is cast in a comedy of manners helmed by posh director Laurence Laurentz (Ralph Fiennes) in an attempt by the studio to broaden his appeal. After Doyle's initial performance is hopelessly incompetent, Laurentz visits Mannix and asks him to remove Doyle from the project so that Laurentz can preserve his artistic vision for the film. Mannix informs Laurentz that Doyle's role is non-negotiable and convinces him to coach the young actor to give a better performance. Doyle comes to Mannix's office and admits that he feels the part is too far outside his comfort zone. Mannix reassures him that he has the needed acting abilities and tells him about Whitlock's kidnapping. That evening, Doyle attends the premiere of one of his own Westerns with starlet Carlotta Valdez (Verónica Osorio), per instructions from Mannix. Doyle is initially disappointed that his lone singing scene is depicted in a comedic manner, rather than as heartfelt as he intended. However, after seeing the audience react positively to the scene, Doyle warms to it himself. Doyle and Valdez visit a nightclub, where the pair are genuinely developing chemistry until they are interrupted by both Thacker sisters, each looking to get a scoop on their relationship. Doyle suddenly spots the briefcase containing the ransom money, recognizing it because he had lent Mannix his belt to keep it closed. It is being carried by Burt Gurney (Channing Tatum), the star of a sailor musical comedy depicted earlier in an elaborate dancing scene. Mannix and Moran meet with a surety agent, Joseph Silverman (Jonah Hill), an average man whom the studio has used to solve public problems; he has a solid reputation as completely dependable, reliable, and discreet. He will agree to provide foster care for Moran's child, preserving her image. Moran, who expressed frustration with her previous two marriages with a mobster and a Hollywood type, finds herself strongly attracted to Silverman. Doyle follows Gurney to the beach house in Malibu but, after walking in the front door, finds only Whitlock inside. The rest of The Future's members have rowed a boat containing Gurney offshore so that he can rendezvous with a Soviet submarine and defect to Russia. The members of The Future give him the money for the Communist cause. As Gurney boards the submarine, his dog jumps into his arms, causing him to drop the briefcase, which sinks into the ocean. Doyle takes Whitlock back to the studio just before the police arrive at the beach house to arrest the group, after Mannix's investigation led him to the house. Whitlock tries to explain his new-found Communist leanings to Mannix, who cuts him off sharply, slapping his face numerous times, and orders him to finish his role in Hail, Caesar!; the actor is chastened, but encouraged by a final directive from Mannix to be a movie star. Mannix is notified the next morning that Moran married Silverman who will adopt the child with her. Mannix announces he has decided to reject the Lockheed offer and continue working at Capitol. Thora then meets with Mannix and informs him that the column she plans to publish about On Wings As Eagles will reveal that Whitlock got his major role in the film by having sex with Laurentz. However, Mannix has deduced that Gurney is her source for the piece and persuades her to not run the story since Gurney is a Communist who has defected—which would cause her own reputation to suffer by association. Mannix leaves the worried-looking Thora, secure in his station in life. Set in 1951,[4] Hail, Caesar! takes place at a transitional time for the film industry. The studio system was breaking down, and a Supreme Court ruling had forced studios to divest their movie theaters. Television, then still in its early years, threatened to pull away audiences. The Cold War and the Red Scare were both underway. Hollywood responded by creating escapist fare: westerns, highly choreographed dance and aquatic spectacles, and, as the film title suggests, Roman epics with massive casts.[5] Writing in The Washington Post, Kristen Page-Kirby noted that the nostalgia for Hollywood's golden age is heavily filtered by time. It’s easy to look back at any part of the past and say, 'Yeah, that’s how it should be today'. Hail, Caesar! uses the uniformly terrible fake movies within it to show that while we all remember 1946 for stuff like The Yearling and Notorious, it also gave us Tarzan and the Leopard Woman.[6] The Coens cited their own examples of sub-par films and performances from the era that they saw as television re-runs while growing up: That Touch of Mink (1962), and Laurence Olivier, in mahogany makeup, co-starring with Charlton Heston in Khartoum (1966). We loved that stuff. We just didn’t realize we were watching crap, said Joel Coen.[7]
Old Mother Riley's New Venture	British	comedy	John Harlow	The owner of a five star London hotel leaves for a holiday, and to everyone's surprise promotes Old Mother Riley from kitchen dishwasher to manageress. Chaos ensues, and Mother Riley and Kitty are suddenly suspects in the theft of the Royal Hula Diamond, but somehow along the way, also manage a trip to a beauty parlour. a banquet with Arab royalty, some Saint Patrick's Day celebrations, and a climactic custard pie fight.[3]
Arthur	American	comedy	Jason Winer	Boozy Arthur Bach and his chauffeur, Bitterman, dress up in Batman and Robin costumes for a formal dinner hosted by Arthur's mother, Vivienne. The dinner is intended to announce Arthur as the new chairman of her corporation, Bach Worldwide. Driving to the dinner in a Batmobile, an intoxicated Arthur is chased by police, arrested and released the next day. Vivienne forms a plan to have her shrewd assistant Susan Johnson marry Arthur to ensure stable leadership and help Arthur's reputation. Arthur initially refuses (citing that he and Susan have nothing in common for a loveless relationship), but is told that he will be cut off from his $950 million inheritance if he does not marry Susan. He reluctantly agrees and asks Susan's father, Burt Johnson, for permission to marry. Burt agrees, after forcing Arthur against a table saw and warning him not to embarrass Susan. The next day, Arthur meets Naomi Quinn, an illegal tour guide to whom he becomes attracted because of her free-spirited nature. He arranges his wedding while sneaking around on dates with Naomi. Arthur's nanny, Lillian Hobson – who normally dislikes all of Arthur's choices in women – gets to know and likes Naomi. Arthur learns that Naomi would like to have her children's book about the Statue of Liberty published. He attempts to find employment and other options so that he will be able to keep seeing Naomi and not need the inheritance, but to no avail. Hobson takes Arthur to an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting, where Arthur complains that it is depressing and makes him want to drink. He proclaims he is going to drink, unintentionally brags about his wealth, and turns to leave the meeting. Hobson stands up and takes the bullet, giving Arthur’s humiliating introduction in his place. Arthur, touched, states that if only she would do his drinking for him as well, he would be set. Arthur goes to see Naomi at her house and tells her the truth – that he is engaged to Susan. Naomi then tells him to leave. Back home, Arthur calls for Hobson, only for Bitterman to come and tell him that she is in bed with a headache. Later, Hobson goes to Naomi and asks her to give Arthur another chance, but she again falls ill and is taken to a hospital. Naomi calls Arthur to tell him what has happened. He comes to the hospital, meets Naomi and is about to make up with her, but Susan arrives and tells Naomi that Arthur has bought the company that is handling the publication of her book. Upset, Naomi leaves the hospital. Hobson comes home and Arthur takes care of her. The two begin to get along better. However, a few days later, Hobson dies in her sleep and Arthur reverts to alcoholism to numb the pain of her death, losing Naomi, and being married to Susan. At his wedding, Arthur gets drunk and finds Hobson's last letter to him in which she advises him to follow his heart. Arthur decides, during the vows, not to proceed with the marriage. Susan and her father become belligerent and begin punching him, which makes Vivienne realize that the ambitious and conniving Susan is only after her company. Vivienne stops the ruckus, but reminds Arthur of the agreed upon disinheritance if he pursues Naomi. Arthur strips nearly naked to emphasize that he wants no kind of dependency on his mother's money and runs to Naomi's apartment. He tells her that he just lost his mum (meaning Hobson, not Vivienne) but Naomi, still upset with him, says she can't replace Hobson and refuses any prospect of their getting back together. Six months later, Arthur is now sober. He has got back his inheritance because he is managing the company's charity, and his mother is proud of him for finally taking something seriously (possibly indicating his love for Naomi). He goes to a bookshop to buy Naomi's book – which she has dedicated to him – and sees an advertisement for a book-reading she will be giving at a library. Arthur goes to the library and, this time, Naomi takes him back. The two leave the library and Bitterman drives them through the city in the Batmobile with the police following in pursuit.
The Baby and the Battleship	British	comedy	Jay Lewis	When a group of Royal Navy sailors go ashore on shore leave to Naples, they are forced to care for a baby, separated from its mother.[3] During a brawl, Puncher Roberts is knocked unconscious and finds the square empty, except for the baby. Unable to find his friend Knocker, or the child's mother, he smuggles the baby aboard their ship in the midst of a series of joint operations with Allied navies off the coast of Italy.
Lucky Girl	British	comedy	Gene Gerrard, Frank Miller	A young English-raised former army officer inherits the throne of a small European kingdom. Bored by life there and wishing to raise funds for his impoverished country by selling the crown jewels, he travels to London with his American efficiency expert. Invited to a house party, he travels there incognito but having fallen in love with the daughter of his host he becomes the prime suspect for a robbery that has taken place.
Beverly Hills Chihuahua	American	comedy	Raja Gosnell	In Beverly Hills, California, wealthy heiress Vivian Viv Ashe leaves her richly pampered pet chihuahua, Chloe, with her irresponsible niece, Rachel, while she embarks on a business trip for ten days. Papi, the gardener Sam's pet Chihuahua of Mexican descent, has an unrequited crush on Chloe, by which she is disgusted. Rachel decides to go to Mexico with her friends and stay at a hotel by the beach. When Rachel leaves Chloe alone in the hotel room to go dancing at a club, Chloe goes looking for her. Chloe gets dog-napped as she tries to find Rachel and is sent to the dog fights in Mexico City. There, she meets a street-smart German Shepherd named Delgado. Rachel comes back to the hotel and is frantic when she finds Chloe missing. Chloe is picked to fight in the pit against El Diablo, a fierce Argentinean-Bolivian Doberman Pinscher. Delgado helps her escape the dog fights, unleashing the other dogs from their cages and unlocking the ring to allow both Chloe and himself to flee. After several arguments, he then decides to return her to Beverly Hills safely. Meanwhile, Rachel and Sam go to the Mexican police and offer rewards in an effort to find Chloe. El Diablo is sent by the dog fight ringleader, Vasquez, to capture Chloe and obtain the reward. They reach the border by train, but they are caught when the conductor wanders back to the place them and the other dogs are hiding, and are forced to jump out, eventually arriving in the barren deserts of Chihuahua, where Delgado explains that he was a former police dog; he was retired after he lost his sense of smell during a raid and a sneak attack from El Diablo. Rachel and Sam are in Puerto Vallarta and find that Chloe was spotted in the state of Chihuahua. After tracking Chloe and Delgado from Mexico City, El Diablo arrives in Chihuahua and attempts to capture Chloe, but Papi saves her and ends getting captured in a cage inside an abandoned Aztec temple, but Delgado comes to rescue the two and is briefly defeated. Chloe then rescues Papi, but Delgado discovers that El Diablo had vanished. Rachel finds Chloe, and Vasquez is arrested by the police. Chloe returns safely to Beverly Hills without Vivian finding out what happened and accepts a romantic relationship with Papi, as well as Rachel with Sam. The characters' fates are later revealed: Delgado returns to being a police dog in Mexico; El Diablo is recaptured by Delgado and is adopted by a rich lady who had a passion for fashion; Chico and Manuel move to Beverly Hills and become rich; and Papi and Chloe have their first date.
Sooper Se Ooper	Bollywood	comedy	Shekhar Ghosh	Ranvir's fortune is in dumps and selling his ancestral land in Mumbai is the only way to survive. Kukreja, who has put everything at stake, has to get this land to stay away from the wrath of a 'bhai' and also achieve his dream of becoming a builder eventually! For both Ranvir & Kukreja, this plot of land means everything and has to be got any which way. But the key to the land is Ranvir's mama Madho Singh Rathore, in Mandawa, Jhunjhunu. Since the will wasn't made in Ranvir's name, Mama has to give the NOC. Ranvir has to get his Mama to Mumbai within a month & Kukreja has to stop him from reaching Mumbai. We see the transformation of our protagonist Ranvir from a materialistic city youth to someone who is all for family & values & antagonist Kukreja from a 'dalla' to a gangster through this journey, which has some real & funny characters as well. In the 1st half the city goes to a village and in the 2nd the village comes to the city.[2]
3 Char Sau Beas ( 3 ചാർ സൗ ബീസ് )	Malayalam	comedy	Govindan Kutty	Char Sau Bees means 420 in Hindi which refers to a person who is up to some fraudulent activity. This movie is the story of three such people played by Govindankutty and the newcomers Rahul Menon and Anu Anandhan. Dhanya Mary Varghese plays the female lead. Director Major Ravi appears in a cameo role in this film.
Angels in Stardust	American	comedy	William Robert Carey	The film centers around a small-town girl (Michalka) living in a Texas community built on an abandoned drive-in movie lot, who turns to an imaginary friend, The Cowboy (Burke), for solace from her self-absorbed mother (Silverstone) and the dangerous world around her.[3] She and her little brother strike up a friendship with local Native American bachelor Tenkill (Spears), who shares stories with them that shed new light on both their past and their present.
As Long as They're Happy	British	comedy	J. Lee Thompson	The film is about a US singer named Bobby Denver, who is known as the Crying Crooner (a la Johnnie Ray), who stays with a stockbroker's family by mistake when he comes to England. The stockbroker, played by Jack Buchanan, has three very pretty daughters with the youngest Gwen (played by Janette Scott) madly in love with him so much she wants to marry him. Eventually, the stodgy stockbroker deals with his wife and daughter as well as his maid Linda (played by Joan Sims, who keeps fainting every time Bobby sings) being so infatuated.[2]
 Bad News Bears	American	comedy	Richard Linklater	Morris Buttermaker (Billy Bob Thornton) is a washed-up alcoholic baseball player who was a pitcher for the Seattle Mariners before getting kicked out of professional baseball for attacking an umpire. He works as an exterminator and is a crude womanizer. He coaches the Bears, a children's baseball team with poor playing skills. They play their first game and do not even make an out before he forfeits the game. The entire team decides to quit after but Buttermaker forces them out of quitting and promises to be a better coach. Amanda Whurlitzer (Sammi Kane Kraft), a skilled pitcher, is the 12-year-old daughter of one of his ex-girlfriends. After a couple requests, she decides to join the team. Kelly Leak, a local troublemaker but solid hitter, also joins the team, and the Bears start winning games. The Bears eventually make it to the championship game. In the middle of that game, the Bears and Yankees fight after Amanda is shoved during a play at the plate. A few innings later the Yankees coach Ray Bullock (Greg Kinnear) orders his son Joey to intentionally walk Mike Engleberg, one of the Bears' best hitters. Instead of walking him, he almost hits Engleberg, causing Ray to push Joey to the ground in anger. As revenge, Joey throws Engleberg an easy pitch which he smacks for a home run and leaves the game with his mother. Later, Buttermaker changes the lineup, putting the benchwarmers in and taking out some of the good players which causes the Bears to fall behind heading into the last half of the inning. With two outs, one of the Bears players, Garo, drives in two runs and tries to score to tie the game but is thrown out at the plate on a close call, causing the Bears to lose the championship 8–7. After the game, Buttermaker gives them non-alcoholic beer, and they spray it all over each other. Although they did not win the championship, they have the satisfaction of trying, knowing that winning is not so important.
Mad About Men	British	comedy	Ralph Thomas	When gymnastics school teacher Caroline goes on holiday at her family's home in Cornwall, she meets her distant mermaid relative Miranda, who looks exactly like her. She agrees to let Miranda trade places with her, while she goes on a bicycling trip with a friend. Caroline feigns an accident, which leaves her confined to a wheelchair for a few weeks and gets nurse Carey to attend to Miranda. This conceals the fact that Miranda has a fish tail instead of legs. Caroline is engaged to Ronald Baker, but when he shows up, Miranda does not like him at all. She decides to make Caroline a better match. She flirts outrageously with two eligible bachelors, Jeff Saunders and Colonel Barclay Sutton, right in front of Ronald. When she discovers that Ronald works in the government sanitation department (and approves of dumping garbage into the ocean), she dumps a tureen of cold soup on his head. Meanwhile, Barbara Davenport, the colonel's fiancée, takes an understandable dislike to Miranda. While out swimming, she discovers Miranda's secret and arranges for Caroline to sing at a charity concert, plotting to reveal her true nature. Caroline reads about the forthcoming concert during her holiday, guesses what Barbara intends, and rushes back to take Miranda's place, foiling Barbara's scheme. Afterward, Jeff takes Caroline boating. When he tries to kiss her, she resists at first, then willingly gives in, while a somewhat sad Miranda watches.
Fools Rush In	British	comedy	John Paddy Carstairs	Pamela Dickson (Sally Ann Howes) is about to get married to her fiancé Joe Trent (Nigel Buchanan), when her long-lost father (Guy Rolfe) arrives. Ostensibly a cad, he turns out to be just the opposite, so she immediately puts her own plans on hold to arrange a reconciliation between her father and mother (Nora Swinburne) before marrying her beloved Joe.
Don't Change Your Husband	American	comedy	Cecil B. DeMille	Based upon a description in a film magazine,[5] Leila Porter (Swanson) has grown tired of her husband James Denby Porter (Dexter), the glue king, as she is romantic but he is prosaic. Moreover, he is careless of his personal appearance, gets cigar ash in the carpet, and eats green onions before he tries to kiss her. She obtains a divorce and then marries James' friend Schuyler Van Sutphen (Cody), but discovers that Van Sutphen is a real beast. When she later discovers that her ex-husband has changed as a result of the divorce, still loves her, and would be happy to have her back, Leila divorces once again in order to remarry James.
Les Patterson Saves the World	Australian	comedy	George T. Miller	The uncouth Sir Les Patterson teams up with Dame Edna Everage (both played by Barry Humphries) to save the world from a virulent bioterror attack ordered by Colonel Richard Godowni (Thaao Penghlis) of the Gulf State of Abu Niveah.
Project X	American	comedy	Nima Nourizadeh	In Pasadena, high school students Costa and J.B. plan to throw a party for their friend Thomas's birthday, aiming to increase their popularity. Thomas's parents go away for the weekend, leaving him alone in the house, but warn him not to have too many people over, and not to drive his father's Mercedes. Thomas is reluctant to have the party at his house, but Costa continues with his plan. Costa hires A/V student Dax to chronicle the night's events. While Costa, J.B., and Dax advertise the party throughout the school, Thomas himself invites Alexis, the hottest girl at school, and his best friend Kirby, who has a crush on Thomas. After buying party supplies, the boys go to buy marijuana from drug-dealer T-Rick. While T-Rick is not looking, Costa steals his lawn gnome to use as a party mascot. As they leave, T-Rick discovers his gnome stolen and chases after them but they escape in Thomas' mini-van. As night falls, the party's start time passes but no one turns up and Thomas worries that the party will fail. Suddenly, party-goers arrive en-masse. Thomas intends to limit the party to the backyard and poolhouse with the house guarded by Everett and Tyler, two young security guards hired by Costa. However, more and more people begin to arrive and the party moves beyond their control and into the house. Thomas questions Costa on how he advertised the party, forcing him to confess that he put ads on Craigslist and on a local radio station, worried that no one would attend. Things escalate quickly and the police arrive, responding to a noise complaint. The partygoers remain silent, convincing the officers that the party has already ended. The police leave and the party resumes. T-Rick's gnome is smashed, revealing that it contains a large amount of ecstasy tablets, which are quickly consumed by the partygoers. Thomas kisses Kirby and reveals that he loves her. Alexis meanwhile flirts with Thomas throughout the night and eventually seduces him. Kirby walks in on the pair as they are about to have sex and leaves the party upset. The noise and chaos of the party, which has now spilled into the surrounding neighborhood, receives televised news coverage with helicopters flying over the house. A dwarf guest drives Thomas' dad's Mercedes into the pool after being put into an oven by other partygoers. The police return in force but are overwhelmed and repelled by the guests. They decide to let the party end naturally before moving in. T-Rick arrives armed with a flamethrower in an attempt to reclaim his gnome. He begins setting fire to the trees and cars in search of Costa, forcing the guests to flee and the party to end. The police shoot his flamethrower pack and it explodes. Thomas, Costa, J.B., and Dax flee with the other guests as Thomas' house (and the rest of the neighborhood) is left aflame and the SWAT team moves in to retake the neighborhood. By morning, the boys return to their respective homes to discover what punishment awaits them. After his parents return, Thomas's father commends him for managing to throw the party because he thought he was a loser, but he uses Thomas's college fund to pay for the damages. At school, the boys are cheered by the students and Thomas reconciles romantically with Kirby. In the epilogue, T-Rick is recovered alive following the explosion, Thomas is convicted for disturbing the peace, contributing to the delinquency of minors, and inciting a riot, and Costa and J.B. are acquitted; Costa because of his expensive lawyer, and J.B. because his parents convince the court that he is mentally incapable and unfit to stand trial. Costa, however, is currently waiting for the results of three paternity tests. Dax, meanwhile, is under investigation for the disappearance of his parents. In a TV interview with Jillian Reynolds, Costa promises his next party will be even better.
Wanderlust	American	comedy	David Wain	George and Linda Gergenblatt are an urban married couple who purchase a micro-loft in New York after much hesitation. George is expecting a promotion while Linda is trying to sell a documentary to HBO. Soon after purchasing their home, George learns that his company has folded, overnight, while HBO rejects Linda's documentary. With both out of work, they are forced to sell their apartment and drive to Atlanta to live with George's arrogant brother Rick and his wife Marisa after Rick offers George a job. After many hours on the highway, Linda demands they stop to rest. The closest place to stop appears to be a bed and breakfast hotel named Elysium. After exiting the highway, as they approach, they are surprised to see a naked man walking ahead of them. He approaches them. Startled and apprehensive, George tries to back up to the highway, but accidentally flips the car over. The nude man, Wayne Davidson, helps them out of the car, and they are forced to stay at the hotel. They meet several colorful guests, and then go to bed. While trying to sleep, they are distracted by noises downstairs. When they go to investigate, they learn that Elysium is a hippie commune. They meet various eccentric residents of Elysium, including Seth, Eva, and Elysium's owner Carvin. George and Linda spend the night feeling more alive than before. In the morning, everyone helps flip the car back upright so they can leave, as Seth urges them to stay, but they continue on to Atlanta. George and Linda arrive at Rick's house and find the atmosphere chaotic. George quickly reaches a breaking point with Rick and takes Linda back to Elysium, where they are welcomed back. George is excited about the simpler lifestyle while Linda is hesitant. They decide to stay and give the place a two-week trial run. After a few days, Linda starts feeling enlightened after drinking some drug laced tea in the truth circle, while George begins having second thoughts. George and Linda soon learn that 'free love' is strongly encouraged as Seth and Eva want to seduce Linda and George, respectively. Both George and Linda rebuff the notion of free love, and several crazy situations arise during that period, bizarre and otherwise. At the same time, Elysium is being targeted by property developers to build a casino on the property, as title to the property is disputed, and Carvin has misplaced the deed to the land. After the developers arrive with a bulldozer, to make a TV reporting-crew take more interest, Linda scares them off by flashing them her breasts, and many of the other residents join her, which gets sensationalized coverage, and halts the proceeding. Linda is lauded as a hero by the commune. The two weeks are up, and George demands that they leave, saying that if they stay, they would have to give in to 'free love'. Linda wants to stay and has sex with Seth. George is pressured to have sex with Eva, but he becomes uncomfortable and drives her away with his awkward and bizarre behavior. The next morning, George reaches a breaking point, again, stating that he dislikes the rules of Elysium and wants to leave. Linda wants to stay, so George goes back to Rick's house alone. Seth believes he has found his soul mate in Linda and searches for the deed to Elysium, which he finds and sells to the property, for $11,000, to developers to start a new life with Linda, betraying the commune. A child from the commune witnesses the burning of the deed by Seth and the man that wants to build the casino. Seth tells Linda he wants them to leave Elysium behind, together, and that the others can look after themselves. Linda refuses. In the meantime, George realizes he loves Linda and comes back to find her, getting into a fight with Seth while the commune looks on and tries to help 'non-violently'. The child that witnessed the burning of the deed by Seth tells the commune what happened and George punches Seth in the jaw. In the aftermath, the news show that visited Elysium does a follow-up story about the commune. George and Linda start a publishing company, with their first book being a political thriller novel written by Wayne. The novel is then fast-tracked into a film adaptation starring Ray Liotta. Carvin reclaims his rights to Elysium after he is reunited with all the original founders of Elysium, one of whom had another copy of the deed. In a post-credits scene, Marisa is a cast member of the television reality show The Real Housewives of Atlanta.
Vellimoonga	Malayalam	comedy	Jibu Jacob	Mamachan (Biju Menon), is a 41-year-old man who is still unmarried because he had to take responsibility of his family due to his fathers' early demise. His father was a politician, but could not make an earning out of it. Once Mamachan went to a police station to meet some people who are known to him, but the police mistakes him for a politician since he was wearing Khadar(Khadi attire). Mamachan understands the potential of the Khadar and becomes a politician. Instead of joining existing political parties which have a strong foothold in Kerala, he joins a national party who hardly has any workers in Kerala and thus becomes the national leader. Later, this party makes an alliance with the main political party in Kerala and thus Mamachan becomes a candidate for them in the next election. Mamachan's chances of winning are pale because he is considered to be shrewd. He has a lot of enemies in his village because of his nature. During this time, Mamachan falls in love with a girl he meets in the church, but it turns out that she is the daughter of a girl Mamachan used to like in his child hood. Because of this, his lovers father does not like Mamachan and is against the marriage. But eventually Mamachan uses his shrewd tactics to win the election and the girl he loved as well.
Making a Living	American	comedy	Henry Lehrman	Chaplin's character attempts to convince a passerby (director Henry Lehrman) to give him money. Chaplin is then shown flirting with a woman and proposes to her, which she accepts. Lehrman enters to present the woman with flowers and a ring, which the woman refuses citing she's engaged. Lerhman sees Chaplin and a slapstick fight between the two ensues. Later, Lehrman's character takes a photograph of an automobile accident; Chaplin's character steals the camera whilst the journalist is helping a trapped motorist and rushes back to the paper with it to claim the photograph as his own. A short pursuit with the Keystone Kops follows.[2]
Facing the Music	British	comedy	Harry Hughes	In order to promote his client a publicist organises a fake robbery of her jewels, but things soon begin to unravel.
Number, Please?	American	comedy	Fred C. Newmeyer, Hal Roach	While at an amusement park, trying vainly to forget the girl he has lost, a young man (Lloyd) sees the girl (Mildred Davis) with her new boyfriend (Roy Brooks). When her dog gets loose in the park, both suitors have to help her catch it. The girl's uncle, a balloonist, gives her a pass for two in his balloon, provided that her mother approves. She then offers to take along the first of her admirers who is able to get her mother's consent. The girl's new boyfriend races to her house to get the mother's permission, while the young man tries to telephone her. The young man faces crowded phone booths, gossiping operators, a crying baby and other obstacles in his effort to reach the mother first. Racing back to the girl, the two suitors bump into one another and a pickpocket who has just robbed the girl of her purse. The boy is mistaken for the pickpocket and must elude various policemen on his way back to meet the girl.
Bachelor of Hearts	British	comedy	Wolf Rilla	Young German maths scholar Wolf Hauser (Hardy Krüger) arrives for a year at Cambridge on a Student exchange programme. Settling into his rooms at University College, Wolf has more than his share of trouble negotiating English customs and manners, before he finds a guide and girlfriend in the shape of beautiful blonde Ann (Sylvia Syms).
Happy Is the Bride	British	comedy	Roy Boulting	In a quiet summer corner of Wiltshire that is forever England, David and Janet decide to tie the knot. Unfortunately this is the cue for everyone else to take over proceedings, to the dismay of the couple and the increasing despair of Janet's father. One way or another the wedding - if there is one - is going to be an unforgettable occasion.[3]
What Every Woman Wants	British	comedy	Maurice Elvey	A newly married couple have to live with the wife's parents and extended family in a small overcrowded house in the English Midlands.
Reno 911!: Miami	American	comedy	Robert Ben Garant	The film opens outside of a building where terrorists are holding hostages and a nuclear bomb. The Reno Sheriff's Department arrives in a helicopter, called in as experts. As the group prepare to deal with the situation, Deputy Travis Junior wakes up and realizes it was a dream; he was sleeping at the wheel and the vehicle he and Lt. Dangle are in crashes. The film continues with introductory clips of the officers, telling how they became interested in law enforcement, à la COPS. After a scene involving a chicken in the road miscoded as an armed person on a roof, Dangle tells everyone that they have been invited to the American Police Convention in Miami Beach. On arrival, the group finds they are not on the entrant list. Having nowhere to stay, they rent rooms at a motel that seems to be a hub of illegal activities. After partying most of the night, most of the police officers unsuccessfully attempt to seduce one another at the motel, with the guys eventually turning to pleasuring themselves to the shock of the ones outside. As everyone recovers from their hangovers, Johnson discovers a tattoo on her breast of a mystery man. The team return to the convention to see if their tickets were found, but discover the building has been the subject of a bio-chemical terrorist attack that has quarantined the police inside. The only city official left outside is assistant deputy mayor Jeff Spoder. The head of National Security asks Reno Sheriffs Department to provide law enforcement for Miami Beach. A high-ranking SWAT agent, Rick The Condor Smith, arrives on the scene to give a pep talk, but soon ends up blowing himself up with a grenade he had unpinned during the talk. The team assume the Miami Sheriff's responsibilities, and respond to several emergency calls including an alligator in a swimming pool; street prostitution that leads to Reno: 911 regular Terry who is in town to record an album; and a dead beached whale, which they eventually remove by blowing it up. Jones and Garcia are repeatedly kidnapped by Ethan, a drug lord who tries to act like Tony Montana from Scarface. Spoder fires the team for their incompetence, but as the team brings a cake to apologize to him they discover Spoder in cahoots with Ethan to create a drug empire. Spoder kills Ethan and escapes with the bio-terrorism antidote. The team chase Spoder, who holds them at gunpoint until Jones and Garcia arrive in a Marine helicopter and Spoder surrenders. Lt. Dangle arrests him, but Wiegel, who had been piloting the helicopter, accidentally blows Spoder up. The antidote is distributed, and the Reno Sheriff's Department are eventually congratulated by their peers for their actions. Dangle accepts a job at the Sheriff's Department at Aspen, who had repeatedly turned him down previously. The remaining team are offered a flight back to Reno by Terry, revealed to have a rich father, on his private jet. Back in Reno, Garcia briefs the team on their day's work. Dangle enters, interrupting the briefing, and explains that Aspen has a zero-tolerance policy forbidding homosexual sheriffs. Dangle continues the briefing, and reveals the group have been invited to a convention at Scotland Yard.
It's a King	British	comedy	Jack Raymond	Farce in which insurance agent Albert King is discovered to be the exact double of the king of Helgia, and even has his name in reverse (King Albert). Insurance man Albert enjoys a romance with a princess, before finally saving the King from assassination by anarchists.
Fat Pizza vs. Housos	Australian	comedy	Paul Fenech	After serving 15 years in jail for assaulting a health inspector with a chainsaw, pizza chef Bobo Gigliotti is released. Upon his release, he and his Mama attempt to reopen Fat Pizza, their former business in the fictional Sydney suburb of Hashfield. They soon find that due to rent increases since the time they were last in business, the only place that they can afford to reopen their pizzeria is in the infamous housing commission suburb of Sunnyvale. Employing many of their previous workers including Sleek the Elite, as well as a few locals, their re-establishment in Sunnyvale results in conflict with the local Housos, notably Shazza Jones, Franky Falzoni and Kev the Kiwi.[3][6][7] The movie briefly includes references to Fenech's two other television series, with Franky Falzoni stealing a van belonging to Swift and Shift Couriers early in the film and a segment from Bogan Hunters being shown on TV in a scene where Franky is watching television. The film features a thongarang, which is a boomerang made of two bolted-together thongs.[8][9]
Bulldog Jack	British	comedy	Walter Forde	Bulldog Drummond (Atholl Fleming) is injured when his car that has been sabotaged is involved in a crash. When Jack Pennington (Jack Hulbert) agrees to masquerade as the sleuth, he is enlisted to help Ann Manders (Fay Wray) find her jeweller grandfather who has been kidnapped by a gang of crooks who want him to copy a valuable necklace they want to steal. Their plan backfires in the British Museum and the film climaxes in a chase on a runaway train in the London Underground.
Subdivision	Australian	comedy	Sue Brooks	Subdivision is a comedy/drama which focuses on the change a community goes through when city developers take over. The plot centres around Digger Kelly (Gary Sweet) and his son Jack (Ashley Bradnam), both carpenters who build homes in Hervey Bay. Their world is turned upside down when a southern property developer led by hot young executive Tiffany (Brooke Satchwell) moves into town.
Whisky Galore!	British	comedy	Alexander Mackendrick	The inhabitants of the isolated Scottish island of Todday in the Outer Hebrides are largely unaffected by wartime rationing, until the supply of whisky runs out in 1943. Then gloom descends on the disconsolate natives. In the midst of this catastrophe, Sergeant Odd returns on leave to court Peggy, the daughter of the local shopkeeper Joseph Macroon. Meanwhile, Macroon's other daughter, Catriona, has just become engaged to a meek schoolteacher, George Campbell, although his stern, domineering mother refuses to give her approval. During a storm, the freighter S.S. Cabinet Minister runs aground near Todday in heavy fog late one night and begins to sink. Two local inhabitants, the Biffer and Sammy MacCodrun, row out to investigate and learn from its departing crew that the cargo consists of 50,000 cases of whisky. Captain Waggett, the stuffy English commander of the local Home Guard, orders Odd to guard the cargo, but Macroon casually remarks that, by long-standing custom, a man cannot marry without hosting a rèiteach in which whisky must be served. Taking the hint, the sergeant allows himself to be overpowered, and the locals manage to offload a large number of cases before the ship goes down. Campbell had been sent to his room by his mother for a prior transgression, but is persuaded to leave and assist with the salvage by MacCodrun. This proves fortunate, as Campbell rescues the Biffer when he is trapped in the sinking freighter. The whisky also fortifies the teetotal Campbell's courage enough so he can stand up to his mother regarding Catriona. A battle of wits ensues between Waggett, who wants to confiscate the salvaged cargo, and the islanders. Waggett brings in Macroon's old Customs and Excise nemesis, Mr. Farquharson, and his men to search for the whisky, but the forewarned islanders manage to hide the bottles in various ingenious places, including ammunition cases which Waggett ships off-island. When this is discovered, Waggett is recalled to the mainland to explain himself, leaving the locals triumphant.
Vaadhdivsachya Haardik Shubhechcha	Marathi	comedy	Deepak Naidu	A Birthday calls for celebration and of course receiving gifts. Most gifts score high on emotions, some gifts are valuable and a few are priceless. However the protagonist, Subodh Kudmude, strikes a fortune on one of his birthdays and becomes a millionaire overnight. The man is very happy and he starts believing that this is an end to his financial struggle and the life ahead is all smooth; however we all are aware that every fortune comes with the clause, 'Condition Applied'. Subodh Kudmude soon realizes that the fortune comes as a package; in addition to five crores, he receives a few freebies that include a troublesome inspector, an annoying NGO agent, a South Indian Don and a dead body that claims to be Mr. Subodh Kudmude.[3] Suddenly the one that seemed to be his best birthday ever is turning to be a nightmare; however we still wish him, Vaadhdivsachya Haardik Shubhechcha.
Daydreams	American	comedy	Buster Keaton	Buster wants to marry a girl, but her father disapproves. Therefore Keaton vows he will go the city and get a job, or commit suicide. He takes several jobs (janitor, employee in an animal hospital, street cleaner, extra in a theatrical play,...) which all disastrously go wrong. In the final scenes he gets stuck inside a riverboat paddle wheel, where he has to run to get out of it. In the end he returns to his girlfriend's father, but since he failed in every way he is given a gun to shoot himself. Buster however manages to miss himself and is therefore kicked out the window by the girl's father.
The Wife's Family	British	comedy	Monty Banks	Farcical confusions ensue when newlywed bride Peggy Gay overhears her husband Jack discussing the purchase of a piano, and somehow interprets what he has said to mean he is the father of an illegitimate child.
John and Julie	British	comedy	William Fairchild	John (Gibson) and Julie (Dudley) are two children from Dorset who are eager to see the Coronation of Queen Elizabeth II in spite of the fact that their respective parents have no intention of going. When the two are left alone they decide to run off to London to see John's 'Uncle Ben' because he knows the queen. Along their way, they encounter different quirky and eccentric people who help them achieve their goal and see the Queen's procession.
Keep It Clean	British	comedy	David Paltenghi	Advertising agent Bert Lane (Ronald Shiner) plans to market his brother-in-law's Peter's (Colin Gordon) new miracle cleaning machine. However, Bert's boss Mr. Bouncenboy (James Hayter) wants him to advertise Mrs Anstey's famous crumpets, but Bert's cheesecake advertising slogans incur the wrath of Mrs Anstey (Jean Cadell) and her Purity League, as well as his boss.
Three Ages	American	comedy	Buster Keaton	Three plots in three different historical periods—prehistoric times, Ancient Rome, and modern times (the Roaring Twenties)—are intercut to prove the point that man's love for woman has not significantly changed throughout history. In all three plots, characters played by the small and slight Buster Keaton and handsome bruiser Wallace Beery compete for the attention of the same woman, played by Margaret Leahy. Each plot follows similar arcs in the story line in which Keaton's character works for his beloved's attention and eventually wins her over. In the Stone Age story line, Keaton competes with the bigger, brutish Beery for a cavewoman Leahy. After observing another caveman drag away a woman by the hair in order to claim her, Keaton tries to become more assertive, but is continuously pushed back and bullied by Beery. An attempt to make Leahy jealous by flirting with another woman ends in failure. Nevertheless, Keaton grows closer to Leahy, and Beery challenges him to a fight at sunrise. Keaton wins thanks to hiding a rock in his club, but is caught and tied to the tail of an elephant to be dragged around the dirt as punishment. Upon his return, he finds Leahy about to be claimed by Beery and attempts to make off with her. Beery catches him and the two battle by tossing boulders at each other from afar, with Keaton and Leahy on a cliff together. When Beery climbs up to reclaim Leahy, Keaton dispatches Leahy's cronies and finally defeats him. He drags a smitten Leahy off by the hair. In the epilogue, they go off for a walk with their huge family of children following them. In the Ancient Rome segment, Keaton attempts to attract the attention of the wealthy Leahy, but is continually pushed back by Beery. Beery challenges him to a chariot race after a hard snow — Keaton wins by using sled dogs instead of horses. In revenge, Beery forces him into the lion pit belonging to Leahy's family. Keaton survives by befriending the lion and cleaning its claws. Keaton is rescued by Leahy's parents while Beery kidnaps Leahy. Keaton rescues her and tries to seduce her in her palanquin, which takes off without them. In the epilogue, they also go out for a walk with many children in tow. In the modern times story line, Keaton is a poor man yearning for Leahy, who has rich parents. Leahy's mother, unimpressed with Keaton's bank account but interested in Beery's, decides on Beery as a match for her daughter. Keaton accidentally gets drunk at a restaurant where Beery and Leahy are dining, and Beery tricks the male half of another couple into punching Keaton, who stumbles home drunk. Later, Keaton impresses Leahy by playing a football game, whereas Beery is only a coach; Beery decides to play opposite Keaton. Keaton is overwhelmed by the bigger Beery, but ends up winning the game with an impressive touchdown. An irritated Beery frames Keaton for possession of alcohol and gets him arrested, simultaneously showing him a wedding announcement between him and Leahy — Keaton will be unable to stop the wedding while in jail. While shadowed by a guard, Keaton finds a criminal file showing that Beery has been charged with bigamy and forgery. He attempts to call Leahy to warn her. He accidentally escapes when the phone booth he's using is taken out for replacement. Keaton evades the police chasing him and make it to the church on time, dragging Leahy away from the wedding and into a cab. After showing her Beery's criminal file, he takes Leahy home and prepares to leave, but she kisses him. He declares to the cab driver that they're going back to the church. In the epilogue, they also go out for a walk — this time with their dog instead of children.
Prime	American	comedy	Ben Younger	Rafi is a recently divorced, 37-year-old career woman from Manhattan who becomes romantically involved with David, a talented 23-year-old painter from the Upper West Side. Rafi shares all her secrets with her therapist Lisa who, unbeknownst to Rafi, is David's mother. Lisa is supportive of Rafi's relationship with a younger man before she learns who he is, discovers the connection and finds herself not only faced with the ethical and moral dilemma of counselling David's girlfriend, but also the reality that she feels differently about the relationship now that she knows her son is involved. Lisa consults her own therapist, and they decide that it is in the best interest of her patient Rafi for Lisa to continue treatment, as long as the relationship remains the fling it appears to be. However, Lisa soon realizes that the relationship is serious, and tells Rafi that she is David's mother. Feeling embarrassed and betrayed, Rafi ends her treatment with Lisa. Their differences causing problems between them, Rafi and David break up. A couple of weeks later, David is enjoying a night on the town with his best friend; he gets drunk and ends up sleeping with Sue, Rafi's friend from work. The same day, after bumping into each other at the supermarket and going back to David's place, David and Rafi start seeing each other again. They also try to make the relationship stronger by going to a Friday night dinner with David's family. The rift between Rafi and Lisa is patched up, although Rafi brings up the possibility of her and David having children, to which Lisa reacts strongly. A few days later, Rafi discovers that David had slept with Sue, and David and Rafi fight. After sulking for some time, David goes to seek Lisa's help as both his mother and as a therapist. She advises him to do what he can to keep the relationship, because it was through Rafi that Lisa was able to understand David's career as an artist. David goes back to Rafi to apologize and offer to give her a child because that is what she wants the most. Rafi realizes how deep David's love must be for him to make such a sacrifice[clarification needed]. Somehow, they both conclude that love is not enough to keep a relationship going, and they break up. A year later, David and his friend[who?] are seen leaving the first restaurant where he and Rafi had their first proper date. Going back to retrieve his forgotten hat, David spots Rafi but she does not see him; he gets his hat, rushes out the door, and hides. He defrosts the glass a bit to watch her, and she turns around and sees him. They share a smile before parting.
Humpday	American	comedy	Lynn Shelton	Two heterosexual male friends Ben (Duplass) and Andrew (Leonard) meet after having not seen each other for 10 years. During a party, they find themselves locked in a mutual dare situation engaging to make a gay pornography film, including anal sex, as an art project between two straight guys and submit it to the HUMP! film festival. They do not decide yet who will penetrate whom. Ben tells Andrew that he will discuss the project with his wife Anna (Delmore). However, as Ben begins to describe the project to Anna, she reacts skeptically at the mere mention of amateur pornography. Ben finds himself lying to Anna; he talks about the project with only vague detail, telling her that he will likely act as a behind-the-scenes assistant to the hypothetical film crew. Later, Anna finds herself alone with Andrew and suggests that they have a drink together in an effort to get to know one another. Now drunk, the two begin discussing Ben and Andrew's art project, Andrew assuming that Ben has completely informed Anna of their intentions. After Andrew bluntly reveals that Ben will potentially have a gay experience, Anna becomes upset and confused, confronting Ben personally. The next morning, Ben insists that he still wants to go through with the project, and Anna consents. Ben and Andrew meet in a hotel, bringing a video camera. Their attempts to have sex are prolonged by lengthy discussions and frequent analyzing of how to approach the experience. Although they film themselves kissing each other on the mouth, and hugging each other in their underpants, neither Ben nor Andrew appear comfortable becoming completely naked, let alone having sex. The two continue to talk, not sure if either one will be able to achieve an erection, and begin to question the validity of their experiment as a work of art. Ben finally suggests that they call off the project, and the two laugh at the ridiculousness of the situation. Ben leaves the hotel, intending to apologize to Anna. Andrew prepares to leave shortly afterward, but not before reviewing the footage that the two have recorded.
Kavi Uddheshichathu..?	Malayalam	comedy	Liju Thomas	Allimoola is known for crazy Volleyball fans and they have a rich past history of players which now is only in the past. In each year's volleyball tournament the villagers place private bets on which team wins. Kavalam Jimmy (Asif Ali) and Vattathil Bosco (Narain) are always at loggerheads due to an incident in their school period. In an upcoming annual game both of them stake their sisters for each other to take by marriage. The whole village joins in for the bet and forms Volleyball teams. Bosco uses Minnal Simon (Biju Menon), a pathological debtor with some early insignificant experience in the field to coach Jimmy's team to fail. Bosco for his team appoints a police officer with whom Jimmy had an altercation and are in bad terms. In the finals Bosco pays off Jimmy's university players and Simon decides to show his integrity. Circumstances force Jimmy and his friends to be a substitute for their team and with some tricks from Simon's playbook they win the game. Jimmy's sister signals Bosco that she likes him and he is happy. Simon takes off with Jimmy's lady sponsor and Jimmy gets Bosco's sister with whom he had forged a love of sorts.[6]
Hello Namasthe	Malayalam	comedy	Jayan K Nair	The story starts with two young RJs who are Madhav (Vinay Forrt) and Jerry (Sanju Sivram).They both are working as hosts for a radio show called Hello Namasthe. Jerry was invited to his ex-girlfriend Anna's (Miya) wedding. She was going to wed a man named Pappu Joseph Thadikkaran that day. Jerry went with Madhav and Abu (Soubin Shahir).After they see her bride groom Pappu, Jerry, Madhav and Abu don't like Pappu and Madhav and Abu persuade Jerry to ask Anna to go with them and Anna agrees. They drop Abu in his house and Madhav, Jerry and Anna go to Madhav's house. Jerry and Anna decide to get married. After that they all move to colony of villas. In the colony there was one Jackfruit tree between their houses which creates a fight between them.How they try to defeat each other forms the rest of the story.
Honey Bee	Malayalam	comedy	Jean Paul Lal	Sebastian (a.k.a. Seban) (Asif Ali), Abu (Sreenath Bhasi), Ambrose Perera (Balu Varghese), Fernandez de Silva (a.k.a. Ferno) (Baburaj), Angel (Bhavana) and Sara (Archana Kavi) are close friends in Fort Kochi. Angel's brothers HC Michael (Lal), Martin (Amith Chackalakal), Father Collin (Suresh Krishna), and Antony (Assim Jamal), nicknamed Punyalanmar, are dangerous businessmen. Angel's family brings in a proposal for her from the city SI George. On the night before her marriage, a drunk Sebastian (Seban) breaks into Angel's house with his friends and proposes his love to her. He elopes with her that night with his friends' help. Ambrose, drunk and senseless writes a letter and leaves it in Angel's room to inform the Punyalanmar, that they helped Seban and Angel to elope. The next day Sebastian wakes up to see Angel with him. He is shocked to see her since he doesn't remember the previous night's events. Punyalanmar go in search of them, and they are on the run. Punyalanmar destroys Sebastian's house and burns Ferno's house. Seban and Angel decide to escape through the harbor. Abu, Ambrose and Ferno planned to confront and surrender to buy Seban and Angel time to escape. Punyalanmar captures Abu but Ferno and Ambrose threaten to kill their wives. Ferno calls Seban (who is on a boat) and says they are going to sacrifice themselves, and Ferno is stabbed by Michael's goon. Seeing Angels brothers coming after them they decide to suicide. Seban and angel kiss each other passionately. then it is revealed in the flashback that her brothers did not kill Seban's friends and that they were also there with her brothers in the boat they were coming after. But without knowing this Seban and Angel jump into the sea after kissing each other. Seban's friends jump into the sea to save them. The film has a happy ending in which all are praying together at Punyalanmar's father's tomb. and then heading for Seban's and Angels wedding.
Nee Ko Njaa Cha	Malayalam	comedy	Gireesh	Roshan (Sunny Wayne) is a cosmetic surgeon and a casanova by nature. Abu (Sanju), a budding filmmaker and Joe (Praveen), a TV show producer, are his friends. Joe has just been ditched by his girl friend Ann (Poojitha Menon). A devastated Joe heads over to Goa along with his friends to get over the tragedy that has befallen him. At Goa, Roshan and Abu have a merry time with spicy girls Alice (Rohini Mariam Idicula) and Sania (Parvathy Nair), while Joe stalks Ann who has arrived at the beach town as well with her new boy friend Peter (Shani). Meanwhile, Joe falls for Anjali (Sija Rose), a hotel receptionist, and he decides to stay in Goa even after his friends leave for Kochi. After all the adventure, Roshan and Abu, on their way back to Kochi, receive a phone call from the spicy girls informing that one of them is an AIDS patient and by now either Roshan or Abu will be infected. Roshan and Abu return to Goa to know more about the girls but in vain. A few days pass and then they get another call from the spicy girls informing that the infected one is Roshan. They also inform that they did this not out of sadism but was taking revenge on Roshan who had ditched their best friend Anita George who turned into a lunatic after the breakup and committed suicide. Roshan is devastated by the news of his disease. He feels a kind of loneliness. Once he finds his ex-wife Maya(Merin Mathew) with another man which adds to his feelings. It is shown that Roshan and Maya have been separated since six months after Maya discovers that her husband has been cheating her. When Roshan finds everyone moving away from him, he feels very lonely and decides to commit suicide. However, in the final scene, it is shown that the whole Goa episode was a trap planned by Maya, Abu and the spicy girls to prove Roshan the value of relationship.
The Bulldog Breed	British	comedy	Robert Asher	Norman Puckle (Norman Wisdom), a well-meaning but clumsy grocer's assistant, cannot seem to do anything right. After being rejected by Marlene, the love of his life, he attempts suicide, but cannot even do that. He is saved from jumping off a cliff at 'Lover's Leap' by a Royal Navy petty officer. He persuades Puckle to join the Royal Navy, where he will meet lots of girls. Life in the Navy proves not to be as rosy as described, and Puckle fails at every task during basic training. But despite this, he is regarded by the Admiral in charge of a rocket project to be a typical average British sailor, and chosen to be the first man to fly into outer space in an experimental rocket. Puckle fails at every stage of his training and is court-martialled, but successfully pleads for a final chance to prove himself. By accident, he takes the place of an astronaut and leaves Earth in the rocket. Equally by accident, he manages to return. He crash-lands on a Pacific island and ends up in the arms of a compliant local maiden.
Aunt Clara	British	comedy	Anthony Kimmins	Clara Hilton (Margaret Rutherford) is a shrewd, kindly old lady mostly ignored by the rest of her family. When her cantankerous uncle Simon (A. E. Matthews) dies, he unexpectedly leaves her the bulk of his considerable estate - his house, six racing greyhounds, a crooked game, a pub and a brothel - because she alone would see to the well-being of those dependent on him. Clara keeps Simon’s valet Henry Martin (Ronald Shiner) on to assist her. Henry (Ronald Shiner) and Cyril (Ronald Ward) and Maggie Mason (Eileen Way), who run the pub, try to keep her from seeing what kind of business they are running, but she quickly finds out. She also discovers that Simon's natural daughter Julie Mason (Jill Bennett), to whom he left £20 a month for life, has disappeared. Clara decides to have her solicitor Charles Willis (Nigel Stock) try to find her, only to discover he met Julie at the funeral and is dining with her that very evening. Then she learns that Fosdick (Eddie Byrne), the man operating the crooked Gambler's Luck wheel of fortune, will be at Epsom Downs, so she goes to meet him. With the police closing in, Fosdick hastily departs, leaving Clara in charge of the game. She and Henry are taken into custody. Fortunately, Charles clears up the matter. Next, Alfie (Reginald Beckwith) and Lily Pearce (Jessie Evans) deceive Clara into believing that the greyhounds they are training for her are champions, the furthest thing from the truth. When Charles finds out the Masons have not given Julie her monthly allowance, they all go to give the Masons the opportunity to explain themselves. In private, Cyril Mason tells Charles that they kept the money because Julie has no morals, Charles punches him. Later, he and Julie marry. Clara puts on a fundraiser for a children’s holiday fund, but the donations are meagre. Henry unexpectedly presents the patrons the opportunity to play Gambler's Luck. Afterward, Clara gives the game to Fosdick, on the understanding that he send half the winnings to her charity. At the greyhound races, Alfie substitutes a champion for his perennial loser, but Clara feeds the animal hot dogs beforehand, causing him to fade, and costing Alfie and Henry £25 each, plus a £20 cup. Clara, on the other hand, wins her bet. Later, she reimburses the pair for their losses, and anticipates that Alfie will play fair from now on. Finally, Clara goes to see Gladys Smith. She and her girls are getting on in years and will not be able to ply their trade for very much longer. Clara reveals that she does not have much longer to live, and they are the last responsibility Henry left her. After Clara dies, her will leaves the women the house and funds to support them, and the pub goes to Henry.
Room in the House	British	comedy	Maurice Elvey	Ageing widow Betsy Richards stays with each of her three sons in turn, to find out who she'd prefer to spend the rest of her days with. When her favorite, Hugh, leaves for America, she becomes distressed. Finally, the sons rally round and buy Betsy her own cottage in the village.
The Ringer	American	comedy	Barry W. Blaustein	Steve Barker (Johnny Knoxville) hates his job but after over two years of working, receives a promotion. His first duty is to fire his friend Stavi, who is the janitor. Steve fires Stavi (Luis Ávalos), but hires him to work around his apartment. Stavi gets three fingers cut off in a lawn-mower accident, and reveals that he doesn't have health insurance. Steve must raise $28,000 within two weeks to pay for the surgery to re-attach his friend's fingers. His uncle Gary (Brian Cox), owes $40,000 in gambling debts and suggests that they fix the Special Olympics in San Marcos, Texas in order to solve both of their financial problems. Steve, who competed in track and field in high school as well as being in the drama club, reluctantly enters the Special Olympics in the guise of a high functioning young man with a developmental disability named Jeffy Dahmor. Gary, assuming that Steve will easily defeat the legitimate contenders, bets $100,000 that reigning champion Jimmy Washington won't win the gold medal. Despite initially being disgusted at pretending to be mentally challenged, Steve goes along with it for Stavi. During the competition, Steve falls in love with Lynn (Katherine Heigl), a volunteer for the Special Olympics. During this time, six of the other contestants bust Steve after seeing through his ruse, so he tells them about what happened with Stavi. As Steve decides to pack up and leave for his ruse being exposed, they tell Steve to stay, since they want to help Steve save Stavi's fingers and they hate the egotistical, arrogant champion Jimmy and want to see him lose. At the final competition, Steve doesn't actually win; his friend Glen does, with Steve coming in third behind Jimmy. During the medal ceremony Steve admits that he isn't developmentally disabled, reveals his actual name, and that he doesn't deserve his medal. He then gives his medal to Thomas, who had finished fourth. Uncle Gary still ends up winning his bet, since the condition was that Jimmy would lose. Six months later, Steve has quit his job and is working in theater, helping produce a play with the friends he made during the Special Olympics, as well as Stavi, who got his fingers reattached. Glen and the others trick Lynn into coming to the theater, so Steve starts to apologize. Lynn already forgives him because Stavi told her why Steve pretended to be developmentally disabled. Steve is relieved, and they kiss.
Rabba Main Kya Karoon	Bollywood	comedy	Amrit Sagar Chopra	Rabba Main Kya Karoon [3] revolves around two brothers Shrawan (Arshad Warsi) and his younger brother Sahil (Akash Chopra) who is getting married lavishly in a typical Indian style in Delhi. Sahil is eager to marry his childhood sweetheart Sneha (Tahira Kochhar), until older brother Shrawan joins the celebration, encouraging Sahil to do what men do by cheating on his wife. Shrawan is only teaching Sahil what he learnt from their uncles (Paresh Rawal, Tinnu Anand and Shakti Kapoor), whose mantra for a successful married life is In order to live a happy married life, one must cheat on his wife!
Love in Waiting	British	comedy	Douglas Peirce	In a busy restaurant during the food rationing period in the wake of Second World War, three waitresses fall in love with the manager (Tomlinson), the garbage man (who is the owner's grandson in disguise), and the downstairs neighbour - while trying to stay in the good books of the ruthless Miss Bell, who runs the catering staff and is selling restaurant food supplies to the Black Market.
A Little Help	American	comedy	Michael J. Weithorn	Laura Pehlke (Jenna Fischer) is married to Bob (Chris O'Donnell) and together they raise their 12 year-old son Dennis (Daniel Yelsky). Laura is a dental hygienist and Bob works in a real estate office and often comes home late. The family goes to a birthday barbecue of Laura's twin nieces. Laura suspects Bob is cheating on her and they get into a fight. She runs away from the house and Bob runs after her and suddenly collapses on the road. After a brief examination the doctor says he has had a panic attack. Later that night Laura tries to have sex with Bob during which he has another stroke and he dies, and his condition later diagnosed as arrhythmia. Laura's sister, Kathy Helms (Brooke Smith) and mother Joan Dunning (Lesley Ann Warren) are overbearing in their attempts to help Laura manage her life. Kathy insists Laura go to a lawyer to discuss her economic state. The lawyer claims the only way to get along with the money they have is to sue the doctor. Reluctantly, Laura cooperates. During the process Bob's secretary admits to having an affair with him. Laura's nephew, Kyle Helms, is an enthusiastic guitarist, and his father supports him but his mother thinks it hinders his academic future. She dismisses the garage band Kyle made with his friends. One day his father, a radio station employee, takes Kyle with him to see Dion DiMucci, who is visiting the radio program. After the program Kyle and Dion meet and play together. Dennis moves to a private school on the insistence of Laura's mother. In order to gain popularity with the kids at the new school he lies and says his father died in the September 11 attacks while saving lives as a fireman. Laura confronts her son and criticizes his actions but he persuades her to back up his story and she ends up repeating the story to his class. One day, Dennis goes to a birthday party of a friend and he gets a body painting of the burning World Trade Center on his back. A kid who knew Dennis from summer camp happens to be at the party and he tells the other kids Dennis has been lying. Meanwhile, Laura coincidentally meets the kid's mom at a gas station, learns of the camp friend attending the party, and realizing the truth about Dennis' father will come out, she rushes to the party, but arriving too late to prevent the damage, finds her son sitting alone and crying, ostracized by the group. Paul Helms (Rob Benedict) is married to Kathy, Laura's sister. One night he and Laura happen to be on the yard together, they smoke pot and talk. Paul confesses he has had a crush on Laura since school and he married Kathy just to get something similar to Laura, which turned out to be a mistake. Back in high school he tried to get her attention by throwing a tennis ball over the fence and asking her for a little help by returning the ball. Some days later Laura calls Paul at work and invites him to meet her. She tells Paul she regrets not returning the balls back in high school, because now she feels about him like he felt about her. She moves away a little, he comes after her, tells her she is beautiful and they kiss. As events unfold, Laura eventually has a breakthrough moment and we see her begin to take over control of her own situation, and the beginnings of her healing.
Our Girl Friday	British	comedy	Noel Langley	A ship collision results in four survivors from an ocean liner winding up on a desert island: spoiled heiress Sadie, lecturer Professor Gimble, journalist Jimmy Carrol and ship's stoker Pat Plunket. Carrol falls in love with Sadie and she kisses him. Gibble falls in love with Sadie. This causes conflict between Carrol and Gibble that results in Sadie wanting to move to the other side of the island to live alone. Gibble gets the wrong impression that Pat and Sadie are intimate. Pat finds a bottle of rum and gets drunk. Sadie takes over as leader on the island. When the men threaten to strike, she declares that the group will never function until she marries one of the men. They draw straws and Gibble gets the short straw, but tries to back out in favour of Pat. Then a ship appears and the group are rescued. Safe on the ship, Gibble falls in love with Sadie again and asks her to marry him. So does Carrol. However, Sadie is in love with Pat, but he refuses her marriage proposal, saying they are too different. But Sadie persuades the ship's captain that Pat is obliged to marry her, but before it can happen that ship goes down. Sadie wades ashore at the same island where Pat has already arrived.
Mabel's Blunder	American	comedy	Mabel Normand	Mabel's Blunder tells the tale of a young woman who is secretly engaged to the boss's son.[1] The young man's sister comes to visit at their office, and a jealous Mabel, not knowing who the visiting woman is, dresses up as a (male) chauffeur to spy on them.
Doctor in the House	British	comedy	Ralph Thomas	The story follows the fortunes of Simon Sparrow (Dirk Bogarde), starting as a new medical student at the fictional St Swithin's Hospital in London. His five years of student life, involving drinking, dating women, and falling foul of the rigid hospital authorities, provide many humorous incidents. When he has to leave his first choice of lodgings to get away from his landlady's amorous daughter (Shirley Eaton), he ends up with three amiable but less-than-shining fellow students as flatmates: Towering over them all is the short-tempered, demanding chief surgeon, Sir Lancelot Spratt (played by James Robertson Justice in a manner quite unlike Gordon's original literary character), who strikes terror into everyone. Simon's friends cajole him into a series of disastrous dates, first with a placidly uninterested Rigor Mortis (Joan Sims), then with Isobel (Kay Kendall), a woman with very expensive tastes, and finally with Joy (Muriel Pavlow), a nurse at St Swithin's. After a rocky start, he finds he likes Joy a great deal. Meanwhile, Richard is given an ultimatum by his fiancée Stella (Suzanne Cloutier) – graduate or she will leave him. He buckles down. The climax of the film is a rugby match with a rival medical school during Simon's fifth and final year. After St Swithin's wins, the other side tries to steal the school mascot, a stuffed gorilla, resulting in a riot and car chase through the streets of London. Simon and his friends are almost expelled for their part in this by the humourless Dean of St Swithin's (Geoffrey Keen). When Simon helps Joy sneak into the nurses' residence after curfew, he accidentally falls through a skylight. This second incident gets him expelled, even though he is a short time away from completing his finals. Sir Lancelot, however, has fond memories of his own student days, particularly of the Dean's own youthful indiscretion (persuading a nurse to reenact Lady Godiva's ride). His discreet blackmail gets Simon reinstated. In the end, Richard fails (as does Tony), but Stella decides to enroll at St Swithin's herself so there will be at least one doctor in the family. Simon and Taffy graduate.
Cocktails	British	comedy	Monty Banks	The guardian of an heiress tries to destroy the reputation of her lover by planting drugs on him.
Chashme Baddoor	Bollywood	comedy	David Dhawan	Seema (Taapsee Pannu) is a young girl who lives in Mumbai with her father (Anupam Kher). He, being an active military officer, wants Seema to marry a similar man. He had arranged Seema's marriage to such people five times in a row, with Seema evading all five arrangements. Her father had now arranged her marriage for the sixth time, which Seema evades again and escapes to Goa to live with her uncle, her father's younger brother (Anupam Kher), in a double role. Siddharth Kashyap (Ali Zafar), Jai (Siddharth) and Omi (Divyendu Sharma) are three friends who live in a rented apartment. Miss Josephine (Lilette Dubey) is their landlady. All the three are frequent visitors to a café owned by Joseph Furtado (Rishi Kapoor). The three owe huge amounts of money to Joseph and Josephine. One day, Omi spots Seema taking a walk with her dog Aryabhatta. Attracted to her, he calls his friend Jai. Both of them try to impress her. One after the other, they break into Seema's house. Omi tries to impress Seema with his poetry. Meanwhile, Seema mistakes him for a dog trainer and takes him straight into her bedroom. Omi assumes Seema is interested him and starts browsing her bedroom while Seema prepares her dog [name of Dog is Aryabhata given in movie by writer] Unable to handle the dog, Omi runs back home, where he tells everyone a completely different story. Omi tells his friends that they had sex and were deeply in love. Jealous, Jai tries his luck. Jai breaks in, telling them he is a reputed film-maker. Upon realization, Seema calls her grandmother and makes her beat up Jai until he finally makes his run. Back home, Jai tells a similar story. Jai tells the other two that they two were deeply in love and were now dating. Siddharth, meanwhile, isn't interested in Seema. However, one day, Siddharth accidentally bumps into Seema, unaware of the fact that she is the girl Jai and Omi failed to impress. Both of them have a chat over lunch. Seema is impressed with Sid and asks him out on a date. Both of them get along very well and date frequently, until one day, Jai and Omi spot them. Both of them, jealous of the fact that they are now dating, tell Sid that she isn't a good girl and ask him to break up with her. Seema, on the other hand is shocked about the fact that they are both Sid's friends. Sid pretends to beat up both his friends to impress Seema, which later turns out to be Omi and Jai's imagination. Albeit the fight, they continue to try and split Sid and Seema. One day, Josephine gets caught in heavy rain. Joseph too was present at the scene and helps out Josephine. Both of them were amused at the same things between them. They both fall in love but hesitate to start dating. Jai and Omi try to take advantage of the situation. They assume that Joseph would stop asking them to pay the café bills and Josephine would let them stay at her apartment for free if they helped unite them. In their many attempts, they somehow unite Joseph and Josephine. Despite that, Joseph & Josephine still don't forgive the three. So Jai and Omi start lying about each of the two to the other. They get the money they wanted. However, Joseph and Josephine do not break up as they soon realize that all the secrets told to them were lies. Soon after that, Sid and Seema break up, following successful attempts by Jai and Omi. However, Sid is deeply hurt and gets drunk. Later, one day, Omi and Jai find a poison bottle in Sid's drawer and thought that he has committed suicide even though he hasn't . Realizing that they have made a really bad mistake, Jai and Omi try several times to unite Sid and Seema again. But they fail, causing Seema to get frustrated and blames Sid. One day, finally, they go to Seema's house and meet her grandmother. She comes up with a rather filmy solution and suggests Jai and Omi to play kidnappers and supposedly kidnap Seema. Then, the aunt goes to Sid and asks him to rescue Seema from the kidnappers. Finally, Sid and Seema start dating again. Seema's uncle, who had always been trying to marry Seema to a civilian rather than a military officer, suggests Seema to marry Sid. At the same time, Seema's father turns up trying to take Seema back home. In order to solve the problem, Sid unites the brothers by telling them, that every military officer was once a civilian. The military officer & his brother are impressed and they both let Sid and Seema marry.
Seven Years Bad Luck	American	comedy	Max Linder	Max Linder returns home drunk after his bachelor party. The next morning, he is awakened by a loud noise. His valet John, while chasing his pretty maid, has broken his mirror. John claims Mary, the maid, dropped a napkin. By the time Max drags himself out of bed, Mary has cleared away the broken glass and John has gotten Max's chef to dress just like their employer. Then, when Max looks into the non-existent glass, the chef mimics his every action. Max finally realizes he is being tricked, but while he is in the other room, John sneaks in a repairman to fix the mirror. Thus when Max flings something at what he thinks is an imposter, he breaks the mirror himself, much to his surprise. Now he fears he has brought seven years bad luck on himself (a well-known superstition). He goes to see Betty, his fiancée. While waiting, he has her maid (a psychic) read his palm. She warns him that she sees danger in the form of a dog, so he takes Betty's small pet and sticks it in a vase. When Betty sees what he has done, she breaks up with him. She reconsiders and asks him to come back, but when he does, he has to wait for her once again. He first puts on a record, then dances with her maid, and finally starts wildly playing the piano. His nonchalant behavior infuriates Betty, and she sends him packing again. Max asks his friend to go see Betty to try to patch things up, but his friend wants Betty for himself. He lies to her, telling her Max has decided to marry one of his old girlfriends. When Betty seeks some way to obtain revenge, the friend suggests she marry him. She assents. His hopes dashed, Max decides to take a train trip. He is robbed at the station, so he sneaks aboard. The conductor spots him, though, and a chase ensues. Max gets off at the next station. The station agent has taken an unauthorized break, leaving his daughter in charge. Max disguises himself as the agent, inadvertently saving the man's job when the conductor asks for him. After more hijinks, he manages to reboard the train, leaving the pesky conductor behind. The conductor, however, wires ahead, and Max is arrested at the next stop. He gets away at first, jumping on an elephant and loitering in a cage full of lions, but is eventually jailed. By chance, when he is brought before the judge, he sees Betty and his false friend there to get married. He and Betty reconcile.
The Chumscrubber	American	comedy	Arie Posin	Troy Johnson (Josh Janowicz), the supplier of prescription drugs to fellow high school students in the fictional southern California town of Hillside, commits suicide. Troy's best friend Dean Stiffle (Jamie Bell), is prescribed more antidepressants by his psychiatrist father Bill (William Fichtner) after discovering the body. When Dean returns to school, he is antagonized by drug dealers Billy (Justin Chatwin) and Lee (Lou Taylor Pucci), who were supplied by Troy. Their friend, Crystal Falls (Camilla Belle), flirts with Dean, but he soon realizes that her true intentions are for Dean to retrieve the remaining drugs in Troy's home and refuses to cooperate. To force Dean to procure the drugs, Billy and Lee plan to kidnap Dean's brother, Charlie (Rory Culkin), as a ransom, but they end up kidnapping another boy named Charlie Bratley (Thomas Curtis) instead. The kidnappers hold Charlie Bratley – whose parents are unaware that he is missing – overnight at Crystal's home. Dean eventually agrees to go to Troy's house to find the drugs. Upon delivery, Billy discovers that the bag doesn't contain the prescription drugs and starts a fight with Dean, leading to Dean's arrest. While trying to explain everything to Officer Lou Bratley (John Heard), Charlie's father, Dean reveals that his brother Charlie replaced the drugs with a bag of the vitamins that their mother Allie (Allison Janney) sells. Neither Officer Bratley nor Dean's father believes his story, but he is released, whereupon his father increases his dosage of antidepressants. Meanwhile, Charlie Stiffle crushes the real drugs and puts them into a casserole that his mother made for Troy's memorial. The next day is Troy's memorial service and the wedding of Mayor Michael Ebbs (Ralph Fiennes) to Charlie Bratley's mother Terri (Rita Wilson). Lou finally realizes that his son actually has been kidnapped and heads out to look for him. Now at Lee's house, Crystal asks Lee to help stop the kidnapping scheme, but he does not comply. Crystal goes to Dean's house for help, where she finds him hallucinating about Troy's death and finally expressing his grief. Meanwhile, a paranoid Lee, encouraged by Billy, tries to kill Charlie Bratley to avoid being caught, but Charlie fights back and slices the knife through Billy's eye. Billy runs out into the street, screaming in pain, and is hit by Lou's police car. Dean attends Troy's memorial, where all of the visitors are intoxicated by the drugs that are in his mother's casserole. Troy's mother, Carrie (Glenn Close), discloses to Dean that she never knew her son. Dean tells her about Troy and acknowledges that they were best friends, and she thanks him. Billy is later sent to prison. Lee, who successfully changes the narrative of his involvement during the trial, is acquitted. A closing voice over explains that Dean and Crystal escape together, and they are shown kissing.
Why Worry?	American	comedy	Fred Newmeyer, Sam Taylor	Harold Van Pelham (Lloyd) is a rich businessman who fancies himself deathly sick when in fact he is perfectly fine. He decides to sail to a small, nearly unknown island some distance West of South America named El Paradiso for his health. Instead of the peace and seclusion he is seeking, he finds himself in the midst of a revolution, although for a long time he does not realize this (resulting in several hilarious scenes). Finally, he is thrown into prison where he meets a friendly giant, Colosso (Aasen). Together, they engineer an escape. After Harold helps Colosso pull out a bad tooth, Colosso is eternally grateful and vows to do Harold's will. Harold decides that the revolution is bad for his health and must be stopped. Harold, Colosso, and Harold's nurse (Ralston) manage to single-handedly quell the revolution. Finally, Harold realizes that he is not as sick as he thought he was.
Marry Me!	British	comedy	Terence Fisher	David Haig (David Tomlinson) is a newspaper journalist who is instructed by his editor to go undercover at a popular matchmaking service in order to get the scoop on whether they are true cupids or not. The film covers several aspiring relationships of various couples. A French woman running from her abusive boyfriend and seeking citizenship, a butler, his master and a schoolteacher, an attraction girl in a restaurant who falls for a priest and various others; as well as the central plot revolving around Haig's disastrous encounters with various poor matchups and his lovematch one young waitress. The film has elements of dark drama and self-pity leading to lost love, but it is primarily a romantic comedy. Most of the gentle romances are successful, although sometimes it takes a little 'slapstick' confusion to achieve. In the end the only relationship that fails is the priest and the allure girl as she believes herself unworthy of his love and rejects him.
The Round-Up	American	comedy	George Melford	As described in a film magazine,[3] it is his love for Echo Allen (Scott) that leads Jack Payson (Forman) to sacrifice his honor and deceive the girl into believing that her former lover Dick Lane (Cummings), a prospector, has been killed by Indians. Buck McKee (Beery), a half breed desperado, substantiates Jack's tale with an account of Lane's death, fabricated for his own convenience. As the only witness to the scene between Jack and Lane on the night of the latter's unexpected return when Jack was to marry the girl, Buck uses Lane's payment of a mortgage to cast evidence upon him that he was the robber and murderer of a local express agent. However, McKee himself committed the crime. His original lie confessed, Jack is sent by his bride out into the desert to bring Lane back. Sheriff Slim Hoover (Arbuckle) follows Jack based upon the strength of McKee's accusations. The parties meet on the border in a skirmish between Indian renegades and Mexican mounted police, and all are saved by the coming of the United States cavalry. Lane, however, meets his death with the forgiveness of Jack on his lips. Jack is then restored to the love and favor of Echo.
Fuss and Feathers	American	comedy	Fred Niblo	A young girl suddenly finds herself wealthy, but lacking in social graces. She calls upon the disinherited son from a wealthy family for help.
Somewhere in Politics	British	comedy	John E. Blakeley	Joe Smart (Frank Randle) is a radio repairman who enters the political arena competing in an upcoming election against his own boss. Joe wins the election, but encounters loads of trouble in the process.
Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates	American	comedy	Jake Szymanski	Brothers Mike and Dave Stangle are liquor salesmen whose antics ruin their family's gatherings. With their younger sister Jeanie's wedding in Hawaii approaching, their parents tell them they must bring dates to the wedding to keep them out of trouble. Mike and Dave put out an ad for dates on Craigslist. The ad goes viral and the brothers go on The Wendy Williams Show to advertise themselves. Meanwhile, Tatiana and Alice are slacker party girls who have just been fired for showing up to their waitressing jobs drunk. Tatiana sees the brothers' appearance on TV and decides that this free trip is just the vacation they need. They clean themselves up and Tatiana, to get their attention, throws herself in front of a moving car outside the bar where the brothers are meeting women. After letting the brothers think Mike saved Tatiana's life, they all go on a date. Tatiana, posing as a school teacher, flirts with Mike but has no intention of having sex with him. Alice, who is pretending to be a hedge fund manager, thinks sleeping with Dave is just what she needs to get over her ex-fiance, who left her at the altar. Thinking their family will like these girls, the brothers invite them to Hawaii. In Hawaii, Tatiana and Alice charm the Stangle family but are almost exposed when Alice, suffering PTSD-like flashbacks of her own wedding, gets drunk and makes jealous, offhanded comments to Jeanie. At the same time Mike and his bisexual female cousin, Terry, begin competing for Tatiana's attention. The brothers book a swim-with-dolphins package for the family; however, the girls convince Jeanie and her fiance, Eric, to take an ATV tour through the mountains instead. Alice and Tatiana show off and perform tricks on their ATVs. Mike attempts the same trick but ends up crashing into Jeanie and severely bruising her face. Alice feels bad and bribes a masseur to give Jeanie a massage with a tantric style happy ending. Tatiana goes into a sauna and runs into Terry. She offers Tatiana backstage passes to Rihanna if Tatiana fingers her. Dave finds himself falling for Alice and opens up to her about his dream of drawing full-time. Later Mike walks in on Jeanie having an orgasm during the massage. Upon finding Tatiana and Terry together, Mike storms off and Tatiana admits she was only interested in the free vacation. At the rehearsal dinner, Jeanie opens up to Alice about her fears about getting married. To help calm her nerves, Alice gives her ecstasy, which causes a bad trip. Mike drags Dave backstage and demands he practice their speech instead of spending more time with Alice. They get into an argument, and Mike reveals what happened in the massage parlor - unaware that they are being broadcast over the speaker system. The argument gets physical in front of the entire wedding party. Jeanie and Alice take off their clothes and release a stable of horses. After yelling at Alice, Dave gets them both back to the resort, where Jeanie and Eric (who gets mad about the massage) get into an argument and call off the wedding. The next day, the brothers make up and agree to work together to get the wedding back on track. At the same time, Tatiana and Alice feel guilty and also agree to fix the wedding. All four of them go to Jeanie and Eric's room to apologize, which ends in an argument. Eric silences and berates all of them, and gives Jeanie an early honeymoon present: tickets for a hot air balloon ride, even though Eric is afraid of heights. With the wedding back on, the four scramble to get a venue for the reception and food for dinner. Jeanie and Eric end up getting married outside the stables. After the wedding, Tatiana and Mike decide to get into business together. Alice deletes her wedding video before making out with Dave in front of everyone. The brothers perform a heartfelt duet to celebrate Jeanie's marriage. Alice and Tatiana then join them for a raunchy dance number. The fireworks display the brothers set off catches fire, scattering the wedding party. Tatiana and Mike later have sex in the stables.
The Lady Craved Excitement	British	comedy	Godfrey Grayson, Francis Searle	Cabaret artists Pat and Johnny's careers are hampered by Pat's craving for excitement. She leads them into a number of dangerous situations, but also help to uncover a conspiracy to smuggle valuable works of art out of the country.[4]
A Bad Moms Christmas	American	comedy	Jon Lucas	Amy (Mila Kunis) is now in a happy relationship with Jesse (Jay Hernandez) and is looking forward to having a simple Christmas. Her plans are derailed when her overly critical mother, Ruth (Christine Baranski), texts her to say she is coming for Christmas. Meanwhile, Kiki (Kristen Bell) is still overworked with her four kids but now her husband Kent is much more helpful. Kiki is surprised when her mother Sandy (Cheryl Hines) shows up three days earlier than expected and is planning to spend the next three weeks with Kiki. Sandy’s love for Kiki is overwhelming, and smothering Kiki. When Carla (Kathryn Hahn) gets home, her mother, Isis (Susan Sarandon), has arrived, telling her she intends to spend time with her for the first time in years. Surprised by this turn of events Carla is excited to spend time with her. Eventually, Amy, Kiki and Carla go to the mall where they express their misery over the holidays. But while commiserating about the pressures of the holidays they make a pact to “take Christmas back”. Ruth tries to create a spectacle out of Christmas, rather than keeping it simple like Amy wanted. In an effort to tamp down those plans Amy takes the family to Sky Zone to meet up with Kiki and Carla and their families. Ruth, Sandy and Isis all meet and chat while their daughters have fun with their kids. At work, Carla meets an erotic dancer named Ty (Justin Hartley), who says he is competing in a Sexy Santa competition and he asks Carla to be his date, which she enthusiastically accepts. Kiki continues to have issues with her mother’s overbearing ways and decides to bring Sandy to Dr. Karl (Wanda Sykes) to discuss these issues. This leads to a breakdown in communication leading to Kiki scolding Sandy and causing her to leave the session. Amy and Kiki join Carla as they attend the Sexy Santa show. All the ladies in the room are impressed with Ty's dancing. To everyone's surprise, Isis gets up on the bar and starts dancing with Ty. Carla runs up to get Ty back, leading to a fight. When Carla brings Isis home, Isis tells her she needs money for a new investment, but Carla knows she's just going to gamble it all away and then disappear from Carla's life like it's been for years. Nonetheless, Carla relents and loans Isis the money. On Christmas Eve, Sandy tells Kiki that she put up a cash offer for the house next door so that she can live right next to Kiki. Finally, Kiki lashes out and tells Sandy she cannot live next door and that she wants some space. Sandy leaves the room crying. Amy gets angry with Ruth when she discovers Ruth has invited a bunch of strangers over to her home to throw an elaborate Christmas party, exactly what Amy did not want. Amy loses her temper and demands everyone leave her home and tells Ruth to leave and get out of her life forever. Her kids, Jane and Dylan, witness this outburst and become upset with Amy. Meanwhile, Carla finds a note from Isis indicating she has just taken off with the money she lent her. Kiki is all alone as well. Ruth goes to church for Midnight Mass and is, surprisingly, joined by Sandy and Isis. All the ladies criticize each other for their efforts as mothers, with each of them realizing their flaws. Amy’s father goes to her to talk about Ruth and the horrible fight they had, but acknowledging that while Ruth can be difficult to deal with, she has always been insecure over her work as a mom toward Amy, always worried whether or not she was doing a good job as a mother, but she always had the right intentions and loved Amy unconditionally. Amy goes to the church to try and repair her relationship with her mother. They apologize to each other and express their love. Once the clock strikes midnight, Amy and Ruth rush home to fix Christmas. On Christmas morning, Jane and Dylan go downstairs to see that Ruth has returned, the relationship has been repaired and the house looking wonderful with decorations and gifts. Kiki makes up with Sandy, who tells her she put the neighboring house on the market and admits that she's just always felt lonely on Christmas since Kiki's father died. Carla is then visited by Isis, who is serious about turning her life around and has a new job at Sky Zone. All the families get together and Ruth, Sandy and Isis announce that they have become friends and are now planning to take a trip to Las Vegas.
The Man in the White Suit	British	comedy	Alexander Mackendrick	Sidney Stratton, a brilliant young research chemist and former Cambridge scholarship recipient, has been dismissed from jobs at several textile mills in the north of England because of his demands for expensive facilities and his obsession with inventing an everlasting fibre. Whilst working as a labourer at the Birnley Mill, he accidentally becomes an unpaid researcher and invents an incredibly strong fibre which repels dirt and never wears out. From this fabric, a suit is made—which is brilliant white because it cannot absorb dye and slightly luminous because it includes radioactive elements. Stratton is lauded as a genius until both management and the trade unions realise the consequence of his invention; once consumers have purchased enough cloth, demand will drop precipitously and put the textile industry out of business. The managers try to trick and bribe Stratton into signing away the rights to his invention but he refuses. Managers and workers each try to shut him away, but he escapes. The climax sees Stratton running through the streets at night in his glowing white suit, pursued by both the managers and the employees. As the crowd advances, his suit begins to fall apart as the chemical structure of the fibre breaks down with time. The mob, realising the flaw in the process, rip pieces off his suit in triumph, until he is left standing in his underwear. Only Daphne Birnley, the mill-owner's daughter, and Bertha, a works labourer, have sympathy for his disappointment. The next day, Stratton is dismissed from his job. Departing, he consults his chemistry notes. A realisation hits and he exclaims, I see! With that he strides off, perhaps to try again elsewhere.
Bonjour Balwyn	Australian	comedy	Nigel Buesst	Kevin Agar is a Carlton-based owner of a fledgling magazine who struggles to make ends meet. As his financial situation turns desperate, he finds work assisting a television repair man with repossessions.[2][3] Agar's parents live in the suburb of Balwyn.
Legally Blonde 2: Red, White & Blonde	American	comedy	Charles Herman-Wurmfeld	Elle Woods wants her Chihuahua, Bruiser, to reunite with his mother, because she would like Bruiser's mom to attend Elle and Emmett's wedding. Elle hires a detective to find Bruiser's mother, only to discover that the owner of her dog's mother is C'est Magnifique, a cosmetics company that uses Bruiser's mother for testing. She finds out that her law firm represents the C'est Magnifique Corporation. Elle decides to leave Boston, where she and Bruiser have settled with her fiancé Emmett, and go to Washington, D.C., to work on Bruiser's Bill. Elle is upset that her dog's mother is in a make-up testing laboratory, and decides to take it upon herself to be the voice for those who can't speak and to outlaw animal testing. While working for Congresswoman Victoria Rudd, Elle is met with skepticism and other barriers common to Washington politics. Rudd's member of staff, Timothy, sarcastically calls her Capitol Barbie. (There has even been a Barbie doll based on Elle Woods.[4]) After a variety of ups and downs including a failed attempt to improve her work environment by having her co-workers write compliments about one another and place them in the snap cup, Elle starts to lose her faith in Washington politics. As the story moves along, Elle discovers that Bruiser is actually gay, after she is paged by The Paws That Refreshes: A Doggy Day Spa. Bruiser has been affectionate with Leslie, a Rottweiller owned by Congressman Stan Marks, the Chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce which has jurisdiction over Bruiser's Bill. Elle also finds that Congresswoman Libby Hauser, the Ranking Member of the same committee, was a member of Elle's sorority Delta Nu. As a result, both Marks and Hauser warm to Elle and eventually come to support Bruiser's Bill. Elle also discovers that Congresswoman Rudd has actually been working against her. Rudd has been doing so in an effort to satisfy the interests of a major campaign donor named Bob (who is never seen, but with whom Rudd has several telephone conversations). However, Rudd is eventually blackmailed into supporting Elle's petition, because Rudd's Chief of Staff, Grace Rossiter, eavesdrops on a recorded conversation during which Rudd admits to Elle that she has been working against Bruiser's Bill in order to help Rudd's sponsors who want to continue with tests on animals. As Grace is appalled that Rudd lied to Elle and blamed it on her, Grace and Elle eventually reach a place of mutual respect, especially after Grace admits she came to Washington D.C. with an enthusiasm not unlike Elle's, but later lost that idealism when she discovered how dirty politics could really be. With the help of her friends, Elle's discharge petition is successful, and Bruiser's Bill is brought to the floor of the House. Bruiser's mother and the rest of the dogs are released by C'est Magnifique Corporation. Elle and Emmett get married in a park in D.C., albeit not at Fenway Park as they had planned, but standing on the home plate which has been delivered to D.C. by the UPS Guy. In the final scene, Emmett asks Elle whether they want to live in Beverly Hills, Washington D.C., or Boston. As Elle has many legal and political job offers after the successful discharge hearing, she responds, Oh, I think I know just the place, and winks as they drive by the White House.
My Friend the King	British	comedy	Michael Powell	Taxi driver Jim (Verno) befriends Ruritanian child King Ludwig while the latter is on a visit to London. A plot is afoot by sinister forces to kidnap Ludwig, and Jim becomes caught up in the drama. After the child is abducted Jim uses all his ingenuity, including cross-dressing as a Countess and becoming involved in a car chase, to rescue him from his captors.
Take It Easy	Kannada	comedy	Ananth Padmanabh	The film has been completed in record 16 days of brisk shooting. The film speaks about the middle class trauma with a comical touch.[2]
The Last Shot	American	comedy	Jeff Nathanson	FBI agent Joe Devine (Alec Baldwin) has been assigned to come up with an elaborate scheme to take down infamous mob boss John Gotti. He assumes the role of a Hollywood producer and tells all the right lies to enlist a stooge to help execute his sting. He finds unsuspecting wannabe screenwriter/director Steven Schats (Matthew Broderick), who'd do just about everything to get the chance to direct a feature. Schats falls for the pitch, but what Devine doesn't tell Schats is that the movie will never be made. Though Schats' screenplay is titled Arizona, and the main character is supposed to euthanize herself in a Hopi cave at the end of the movie, he is so desperate to make the film that Devine convinces him to film it in Rhode Island. Devine's target there is Tommy Sanz, who muscles in on the production. Devine records Sanz accepting a bribe for the Teamsters' approval of the production. Instead of ending the investigation at that point as the FBI expects, Devine plows ahead with the film production, because he has fallen in love with the movie business. Devine's mania leads him to pitch a three picture deal to his FBI superiors. He is convinced that he can ensnare more mobsters with a similar scheme, while also producing actual films. The FBI agrees to the idea, and Devine throws himself into production full tilt. Just as filming begins, the FBI arrests Gotti and puts an end to the production, against Devine's wishes. The film jumps forward two years to the premiere of a movie based on the sting operation. Schats is working as a manager at a movie theater. Devine visits him and apologizes. He reveals that he has been working on a screenplay, and Schats gets excited about the pitch.
Isn't Life Wonderful!	British	comedy	Harold French	In Edwardian England, alcoholic Uncle Willie (Donald Wolfit) is an embarrassment to his family. Head of the household father (Cecil Parker), decides to set Willie up as the manager of a bicycle shop, hoping to impress visiting American heiress Virginia van Stuyden (Dianne Foster). The surprise for everyone comes when Uncle Willie's little shop begins to prosper.
Who's Your Caddy?	American	comedy	Don Michael Paul	When hip-hop star Christopher “C-Note” Hawkins (Big Boi) is denied membership into an exclusive Carolina Pines Country Club, he comes up with a cunning plan that will oblige the country club to allow his acceptance. C-Note purchases property that contains land from the 17th hole and bribes the country club for a membership in exchange for his land. The rest of the movie’s plot revolves around the club members and their efforts to get C-Note kicked out, while he disrupts the club’s atmosphere.
Evan Almighty	American	comedy	Tom Shadyac	Newly elected to Congress, former local television news reporter Evan Baxter (Steve Carell) leaves his hometown of Buffalo, New York and later moves to the fictional community of Prestige Crest, Virginia, where his congressional campaign officially declares that he will change the world. Evan prays to God (Morgan Freeman) to give him this opportunity. His wife, Joan (Lauren Graham), also prays that she, Evan and their three sons (Jimmy Bennett, Graham Phillips, and Johnny Simmons) will be closer together as a family. On his first day in Congress, Evan receives a letter from his greedy boss, Chuck Long (John Goodman), who provides him with a prime office, congressional staffers (Wanda Sykes, John Michael Higgins and Jonah Hill), and the opportunity to join Long as the junior co-sponsor to his Citizens' Integration of Public Lands Act (CINPLAN) bill. Over the next several days, strange events in Evan's life occur: Evan comes to realize that this number actually refers to the verse in the Book of Genesis, where God instructs Noah to build an Ark in preparation for a flood. Although Evan initially rejects this idea, God himself starts appearing to Evan in various guises, assuring him a flood is coming and the only way Evan can save the world will be to save his community instead. Evan decides to start building the ark with the tools and materials provided, giving him an opportunity to get closer to his sons, though Joan sees this as a mid-life crisis. Evan still maintains his work in Congress, but his appearance and the animals that keep following him start to become disruptive. God reappears and provides Evan a robe, though warns him the flood will come mid-day on September 22. When Evan dons the robe, he finds he is unable to wear any other clothes, the robe seemingly displacing anything else he wears. Outraged by Evan's slothful appearance, Long fires him and his name removed from the bill. Evan suspects God had him fired to spend more time on the ark, and continues to do so, becoming a public spectacle and of ridicule. Believing that Evan has gone insane, Joan leaves him, although she encounters God in disguise as a waiter at a diner. After hearing her concern about Evan's mental state, God assures Joan that she should see this as an opportunity for the entire family to get closer to each other. Joan is inspired and finally returns to help Evan finish the ark. As September 22 nears, more people have come out in support of Evan's project, including the staffers he had. One shows Evan researches that he had found on Long, specifically that he had built Prestige Crest after damming off a nearby water source, but Long had cut many corners in building the dam. The staffers suspect Long would do the same with the Public Land Act Bill. On September 22, with the ark complete, the police attempt to destroy the ark with a wrecking ball, as it violates land codes. As animals start to amass near the ark, and rain falls, Evan realizes that the flood will be a result of Long's dam failing, destroying Prestige Crest. He warns the onlookers to either evacuate or get aboard the ark as he loads his family and the gathered animals aboard. The dam indeed breaks, destroying all the houses of Prestige Crest, but Evan's foresight saves all the lives there. The ark later washes through the streets of Washington D.C. and comes to its final destination in front of the Capitol during the vote of the Public Land Act Bill, interrupting it. This results Evan accuses Long's cost-cutting for the dam's failure, leading to the other members of Congress voting against the bill. Long is being put under investigation for his profiteering and ethics, while the animals are returned to their natural habitats. Evan is finally reinstated in Congress, all the changes forced on him by God no longer remaining. While going on a hike, Evan re-encounters God, and expresses concern that he did not need to build the ark to show the problem with Long's dam, but God retorts that Evan's life is now perfect as he prayed for, being closer to his family and having changed the world for the better through his one Act of Random Kindness (ARK). During the film's closing credits, God issues a new commandment to the outgoing audience: Thou shalt do the dance. This is later followed by footage showing the film's cast and crew members dancing to C+C Music Factory's hit song Gonna Make You Sweat (Everybody Dance Now).
Campaign, TheThe Campaign	American	comedy	Jay Roach	Democratic Congressman Cam Brady (Will Ferrell) of North Carolina's fictional 14th District is running for his fifth term unopposed. His campaign is damaged by the revelation of his affair with one of his supporters, when Cam accidentally leaves a sexually explicit voice message on a local family's answering machine. The corrupt businessman brothers Glenn and Wade Motch (Dan Aykroyd and John Lithgow) use this opportunity to convince Marty Huggins (Zach Galifianakis), tourism director for the town of Hammond and son of one of their associates, Raymond Huggins, to run against Cam on the Republican ticket, as part of a plan to profit from dealings with a Chinese company. Cam at first underestimates Marty and humiliates him by playing a video biography highlighting potentially embarrassing aspects of Marty's life. The Motch brothers then hire Tim Wattley (Dylan McDermott) to be Marty's campaign manager. Wattley reinvents Marty as a successful entrepreneur and family man. Marty's popularity rises due to his effective campaign while Cam's is further damaged when he accidentally punches a baby when intending to hit Marty. Cam later runs a campaign portraying Marty as an Al Qaeda terrorist, and Marty exposes Cam as a fake Christian by asking him to recite the Lord's Prayer, which he fails to do. Cam attempts to restore his religious image by visiting a church of snake handlers, but he gets bitten by a snake. A video of the bite is leaked into the Internet and goes viral, increasing Cam's popularity. When Cam's son plans to slander his competition for class president, Cam realizes he has set a bad example and visits Marty to make peace. While drunk, Cam tells Marty that he originally became a politician to help people, citing that as class president he had a dangerous, rusty slide removed from the playground. After Cam leaves, Wattley convinces Marty to call the police and report Cam for driving while drunk. Cam is arrested and his campaign is again damaged. Marty later airs a TV ad of Cam's son addressing Marty as dad. Cam gets revenge on Marty by seducing his neglected wife Mitzi and recording the act. The released sex tape humiliates the Huggins family and causes Cam's campaign manager, Mitch, to abandon him. Marty retaliates by shooting Cam in the leg on a hunting trip, increasing his own popularity. As the election nears, Marty meets with the Motch brothers and learns of their plans to sell Hammond to their Chinese business partner and turn the town into a factory complex. Marty realizes he has been used and rejects the brothers' support, leading them to defect to Cam's side. Marty meanwhile reconciles with his family. On election day, Cam's victory appears certain until Marty exposes the Motch brothers' intent and promises to preserve Hammond if elected. Cam still wins and remains congressman due to rigged voting machines owned by the Motch brothers. While Cam gloats, Marty shows his large scars to Cam and reveals that he looked up to Cam in school for getting rid of the dangerous slide. Realizing he has strayed from his true objectives as a politician, Cam withdraws from the election and Marty wins by default. Cam earns back Mitch's respect, and Marty later appoints him his chief of staff. Six months later, Marty and Cam expose the Motch brothers, who are called to appear before Congress. The brothers point out that everything they did is legal under Citizens United v. Federal Election Commission, but they are arrested for their association with Wattley, who is actually an international fugitive.
Nothing Else Matters	British	comedy	George Pearson	A comedy/drama genre film, about the life of a British Music Hall comic.
Are You a Mason?	British	comedy	Henry Edwards	Two men pretend to be freemasons to impress each other.[1]
Hot Pursuit	American	comedy	Anne Fletcher	Rose Cooper is a San Antonio Police Department officer whose work ethic is too intense. Cooper's name has become a verb synonymous with screw-ups, following incidents such as overreacting when the mayor's son yells Shotgun!, setting him on fire by tasing him while he carried an alcoholic drink. Her ineptness in the field has her assigned to the evidence locker. Cooper's commanding officer, Captain Emmett, gives her a secret assignment to join Deputy US Marshal Jackson, protecting Felipe Riva and his wife Daniella. Riva must go to Dallas to testify against notorious cartel leader Vicente Cortez. At the Riva home, a pair of masked assassins and a different pair of Hispanic assassins kill Jackson and Felipe while Cooper and Daniella are upstairs. Daniella grabs one suitcase, containing many pairs of shoes, and the ladies flee in Riva's car. When Daniella later tries to run off, Cooper handcuff herself to her. The ladies are found by Cooper's fellow officers Dixon and Hauser. When Cooper notices a tattoo that reveals the officers are one of the assassin teams, they pretend that Daniella is having her period so they can go to the bathroom. The ladies escape and head for Dallas, where Daniella can testify against Cortez. The ladies learn that Cooper is now labelled a fugitive, fleeing with Daniella. A truck plows into the car, spraying hidden cocaine everywhere. Cooper gets the truck driver to drop them at a clothing store, where the very stoned Cooper gets them to change their clothing. When the pair of Hispanic assassins show up, the ladies stow away in a trailer hooked to a pickup truck. When the truck stops, Cooper tries to steal it when the owner, Red, reappears with a gun. Daniella escapes, but comes back for Cooper and pretends to be her lesbian lover. She uncomfortably gropes Cooper, briefly distracting Red until he accidentally shoots off his finger. Cooper and Daniella grab a pickup and drive away. The ladies continue bonding, with Cooper admitting that her rigid and by-the-books nature has made it difficult to find a man. They are surprised to find a man sleeping in the back of the truck. Randy is a felon with an ankle bracelet due to viciously assaulting his sisters' abusive boyfriends. Cooper agrees to take off the bracelet in return for Randy's help. Daniella is pleased to see Randy flirting with Cooper. Stopping at a hotel for the night, Cooper cuffs Daniella to the bedpost while she goes to Randy's room for food. She walks in on him naked and eventually succumbs to his charms and kisses him. Cooper goes back to her room to find Daniella aiming Cooper's gun at her, upset that Cooper's notes reveal her doubts that Daniella would be smart enough to properly testify. Daniella explains that her bag of shoes which were thought to be studded with fake diamonds are in fact studded with $4 million in real diamonds, revealing Cortez' money laundering method. When Dixon and Hauser appear and shoot at the ladies, Randy attacks Hauser, allowing the ladies to run. The ladies escape on a tour bus, followed by both pairs of assassins. The ladies use the bus to bump the dirty cops' car off the road. Daniella knocks out Cooper – when she comes to, Cooper sees Daniella working with the hispanic assassins. Cortez killed Daniella's brother, she plans to now kill him at his daughter's Quinceañera. Daniella had arranged for the thugs to simply kidnap her so she could get Cortez then start a life on her own. She leaves Cooper to bring in Dixon and Hauser, earning praise from Captain Emmett, who only laughs when she tells him Daniella's murder plan. Cooper sneaks into the Quinceañera as a man to get close to Daniella. She tries to get her to wear a wire so that they can get Cortez to confess to her brother's murder, but a woman walking into the bathroom mistakes Cooper for a pervert and throws her out. She gets back into the party, running into Emmett and learning that he is working for Cortez. He pulls a gun on her, but Cooper pours alcohol on him and tases him so he catches fire. Daniella corners Cortez and reveals her intentions to kill him. Cooper arrives and stops Daniella, when Cortez draws a gun and Cooper shoots him dead. Daniella is angry at Cooper for stealing her revenge, until she sees that Cooper took a bullet for her in the arm. Three months later, Cooper picks Daniella up from prison after an obstruction of justice conviction. Cooper is no longer a laughingstock and is praised for taking down Cortez. Outside, she presents Daniella with her shoes. They leave together, and Daniella sees that Cooper brought Randy along with her.
Darling Companion	American	comedy	Lawrence Kasdan	Beth Winter (Keaton) rescues a lost dog from the roadside and names him Freeway. Her children have grown up and moved away, and her husband, Joseph (Kline), is distracted and self-involved. Beth forms a strong friendship with the dog and is deeply upset when, after her daughter's wedding, her husband loses the dog. They engage the service of a psychic gypsy to find the dog again. In the end after finally giving up, the family boards an airplane. While flying over the mountains, Beth sees the dog and her husband fakes a ruptured appendix to have the pilot turn the airplane around. In one last attempt at a search, they scour the trees in the area Beth saw the dog, when at last Freeway appears in a field and runs to Beth, reunited at last, bringing the family closer together.
Getting Acquainted	American	comedy	Charlie Chaplin	In one of Chaplin's park comedies for Keystone Studios, Charlie and his domineering wife, Mrs. Sniffles, are walking in the greensward. When Mrs. Sniffles falls asleep on a park bench, Charlie takes the opportunity to walk away from her. He encounters pretty Mabel. At the moment, Mabel's husband, Ambrose, is occupied trying to help a stranger start his car. Charlie attempts to woo Mabel but is quickly rebuffed and a park policeman comes to her aid. Meanwhile Ambrose encounters Charlie's wife and is attracted to her. He too is rebuffed. Ambrose and Charlie both run afoul of a pretty blonde woman and her fez-wearing escort. A park policeman pursues both Charlie and Ambrose for their unwanted attentions directed at strange women. Charlie is eventually caught by the policeman who brings him back to Mrs. Sniffles. She saves him from arrest but roughly begins to escort him home. Released on December 5, 1914, Getting Acquainted was the next-to-last movie that Chaplin made for Keystone Studios. It marked the final time he appeared in the same film as Mabel Normand.
All Over the Town	British	comedy	Derek N. Twist	After serving in the RAF during the Second World War, Nat Hearn (Norman Wooland) returns to his prewar job as a reporter on the Tormouth Clarion. He is now working alongside Sally Thorpe (Sarah Churchill), who had taken his job when he enlisted. Later, Nat becomes the owner of the paper, but his employees strike, disagreeing with Nat's stance on Tormouth's housing scheme. The town supports Nat in the dispute.
The Lady is Willing	British	comedy	Gilbert Miller	Set in France, private detective Albert Latour is employed by three men who aim to take revenge on the man responsible for a failed investment. Realising that the man's wife is wealthy, Latour kidnaps her in order to hold a ransom. The matter gets complicated when he finds himself falling in love with her.[1]
 Any Questions for Ben?	Australian	comedy	Rob Sitch	When high-flying 27-year-old[2] Melbourne based brand manager Ben (Josh Lawson) returns to his old high school to talk to students about careers, he reunites with other former students including international human rights lawyer Alexis (Rachael Taylor), now working with the United Nations in Yemen, and Olympic archery medallist Jim (Ed Kavalee).[4] Ben soon realises that compared to the other speakers, no one is interested in what a brand manager does, and when questions are asked for, all are directed at the other presenters while Ben gets none.[1] This causes Ben to begin to consider the meaning behind his current lifestyle, and commences a year-long reevaluation of his priorities, looking in all the wrong places,[2] but ultimately involving the gradual pursuit of Alexis as a serious love-interest for the first time in his life.[4]
Mr Joe B. Carvalho	Bollywood	comedy	Samir Tewari	Mr Joe B. Carvalho (Arshad Warsi) is your (slightly below) average corny-go-lucky private eye in the quest for a truly challenging case that can bring in money and fame and change his fortunes for good. A moneyed Khurana (Shakti Kapoor) hands him a case to find his eloped daughter. Meanwhile, Joe's ex-girlfriend Inspector Shantipriya Phadnis (Soha Ali Khan) is chasing an international criminal Carlos (Jaaved Jaffrey) a lollypop-sucking international terrorist who is in town with a big murder plot. A local underworld don MKK (Vijay Raaz) has been roped in to help Carlos but with intentions of killing him. The detective-inspector-don ends up in the terrorist's hotel room and Joe is mistaken as Carlos. Both MK and Shantipriya are now on his trail, whereas clueless Joe ends up spying on a wrong girl.
Without a Paddle	American	comedy	Steven Brill	Twelve years after graduating from high school, three friends, Jerry, Dan, and Tom, find out that their childhood friend Billy has died in a parasailing accident. After the funeral, they revisit the group's old tree-house and find a map leading to D. B. Cooper's lost treasure, which Billy had apparently been working on for his entire life. Dan takes a break from his job as a doctor and joins Jerry and Tom on a camping trip to find the treasure. They take a canoe down the river and eventually stop on the riverside for the night. They discover that they forgot to bring food, so Tom goes out to catch some fish. However, the activity attracts a grizzly bear to their position, and the bear chases the group into a tree. In the morning, the group find all of their gear has been ripped up and completely destroyed by the bear. The trio takes off into the river but are unable to read the map, causing them to go the wrong way. They fall off of a waterfall, and while they survive, their canoe is destroyed. They venture into the woods with a compass and find themselves at a pot farm where two farmers, Dennis and Elwood, mistake them for thieves and start shooting at them. They escape, burning the pot garden down in the process. This enrages the farmers, who decide to hunt them down and kill them. Later, far into the forest the trio meets two hippie girls, Flower and Butterfly, who treat them in their tree. Using a radio the farmers find them, but the hippie girls drop paper bags full of feces at the farmers to distract them while the trio escapes. They are saved from the thunderstorm by a mountain man who takes them to his hut and provides them with clothes. The mountain man later reveals himself to be Del Knox, Cooper's partner before his death. The next morning, the farmers find them and assault the house. The trio escapes while Del shoots at the two farmers with his revolver. The trio stumbles upon the site of Cooper's crash-landing where they discover Cooper's corpse and the suitcase that he used to hold the ransom money, and they realize that Cooper burned the money in an attempt to survive. As Dan crawls through a small tunnel to find a way out, the farmers find Jerry and Tom, and a fistfight ensues. Eventually, Sheriff Briggs, who had earlier helped the trio, intervenes. He then reveals himself to be the farmers' employer. Jerry arms a grenade taken from Dennis and throws it towards the pot dealers. It explodes, causing a tree to fall on the farmers and the sheriff, who are soon arrested. In the closing scenes, Jerry, Dan, and Tom split half of the remaining money with Del who gives D.B.'s remains a proper funeral. Jerry proposes to his girlfriend Denise, Dan starts a relationship with Flower, and Tom becomes a camp counselor for a children's summer camp where he ends up telling his troop an exaggerated version about the trip.
Blithe Spirit	British	comedy	David Lean	Seeking background material for a mystery he is working on, novelist Charles Condomine invites eccentric medium Madame Arcati to his home in Lympne, Kent, to conduct a séance. As Charles, his wife Ruth and their guests, George and Violet Bradman barely restrain themselves from laughing, Madame Arcati performs peculiar rituals and finally goes into a trance. Charles then hears the voice of his dead first wife, Elvira. When he discovers that the others cannot hear her, he passes off his odd behaviour as a joke. When Arcati recovers, she is certain that something extraordinary has occurred, but everyone denies it. After Madame Arcati and the Bradmans have left, Charles is unable to convince Ruth that he was not joking. After Ruth retires for the night, Elvira becomes visible, but only to Charles. He becomes both dismayed and amused by the situation. Relations between Charles and Ruth become strained until he persuades Elvira to act as a poltergeist and transport a vase and a chair in front of his current wife. Ruth seeks Madame Arcati's help in sending Elvira back where she came from, but the medium professes that she does not know how. Ruth warns her disbelieving husband that Elvira is seeking to be reunited with him by arranging his demise. However, the spirit miscalculates; Ruth, not Charles, drives off in the car she has tampered with and ends up dead. A vengeful Ruth, now in spirit form, harasses Elvira to the point that she wants to leave. In desperation, Charles seeks Madame Arcati's help. Various incantations fail, until Arcati realises that it was the Condomines' maid Edith who summoned Elvira. Arcati appears to succeed in sending the spirits away, but it soon becomes clear that both have remained. Acting on Madame Arcati's suggestion, Charles sets out on a long vacation. However, he has a fatal accident as she is driving away, and he joins Elvira and Ruth as a spirit.
Passport to Pimlico	British	comedy	Henry Cornelius	The film opens with the words dedicated to the memory of, with an image of Second World War British food and clothing ration coupons.[2] In post-Second World War London, an unexploded bomb detonates in Miramont Gardens, Pimlico. The explosion reveals a buried cellar containing artwork, coins, jewellery and an ancient manuscript. The document is authenticated by the historian Professor Hatton-Jones as a royal charter of Edward IV that ceded a house and its estates to Charles VII, the last Duke of Burgundy, when he sought refuge there after being presumed dead at the 1477 Battle of Nancy. As the charter had never been revoked, an area of Pimlico is declared to still be a legal part of Burgundy. As the British government has no legal jurisdiction, it requires the local residents to form a representative committee according to the laws of the long-defunct dukedom before negotiating with them. Ancient Burgundian law requires that the Duke himself appoint a council. Sébastien de Charolais arrives and presents his claim to the title, which is verified by Professor Hatton-Jones. He forms the governing body which includes the local policeman, Spiller, and the manager of the bank branch, Mr. Wix; the neighbourhood shop keeper, Arthur Pemberton, is appointed as Burgundy's Prime Minister. The council begin discussions with the government, particularly about the Burgundian treasure. After the new Burgundians realise they are not subject to post-war rationing or other bureaucratic restrictions, the district is quickly flooded with black marketeers and shoppers; Spiller is unable to handle the rising problems by himself. In response, the British authorities surround the Burgundian territory with barbed wire. The residents retaliate against what they see as heavy-handed bureaucratic action; they stop a London Underground train as it passes through Burgundy, and ask to see passports of all passengers: those without documents are unable to proceed. The British government retaliates by breaking off negotiations, and Burgundy is isolated; the residents are invited to emigrate to England, but few leave. Power, water and deliveries of food are all cut off at the border by the British. Late one night, the Burgundians covertly connect a hose to a nearby British water main, which fills a bomb crater, solving the water problem, but this floods the food store. Unable to overcome this new problem, the Burgundians prepare to give up. Sympathetic Londoners begin to throw food parcels across the barrier, and soon others join in; the Burgundians have an ample supply, and decide to stay. A helicopter pumps milk through a hose and pigs are parachuted into the area. Meanwhile, the British government comes under public pressure to resolve the problem. It becomes clear to the British diplomats assigned to find a solution that defeating the Burgundians through starvation is both difficult and unpopular with the British people, so they negotiate. The sticking point turns out to be the disposition of the unearthed treasure. Wix, now the Burgundian Chancellor of the Exchequer, suggests a Burgundian loan of the treasure to Britain. With the final piece of the deadlock eliminated, Burgundy reunites with Britain, which also sees the return of rationing for food and clothing to the area. The celebratory outdoor banquet is interrupted by heavy rain.
Expiration Date	American	comedy	Rick Stevenson	The story is told by a Native American elderly man to a Native American boy who wants to give up dancing and leave the reservation by bus. The story he tells is about a Native American man named Charlie Silvercloud III who thinks that he will be hit by a milk truck on his 25th birthday, like his father and grandfather before him due to a curse. His birthday is two weeks away. Charlie has a checklist of things he wants to do before his two weeks are up, but because he does not have long to live and has no way to do anything extreme, his list is somewhat more practical than most bucket lists. His checklist includes canceling his cellphone contract, watering the plants, and returning library books. His mother tries to prevent the curse from killing him by mapping the milk truck route and is trying to stop Charlie from going outside during certain times just in case he might be killed earlier than expected. While looking for a casket to buy for his assumed death, he meets Bessie Smith who is looking for casket for her mother. Bessie owns a dog named Roadkill because he is able to play dead so convincingly that crowds gather when he plays dead. Bessie and Charlie start seeing each other, but Charlie cannot decide if he should continue the relationship because of his impending death. Things become more complicated when Charlie finds out that Bessie is being stalked by a man who drives a milk truck for the local dairy.
Lucky Ladies	British	comedy	John Rawlins	Some sisters inherit a large sum of money.
Crazy Kutumba	Kannada	comedy	B. Ramamurthy	A family travels from a village to Bangalore, as one of its members is to participate in a dance contest. En route, the conflicts and travails of the family come to the fore in a humorous manner.
Bhaskar the Rascal	Malayalam	comedy	Siddique	Bhaskaran Pillai (Mammootty) is a business tycoon and a single parent. His father Sankara Narayanan Pillai (Janardhanan) was also a big business man once. But when his business failed he had to go through financial crisis resulting in all his relatives and friends abandoning him. His son Bhaskar was the one and only pillar of support. Since then Bhaskar's sole aim is to create and amass wealth. His business empire is the result of his hard work. He is really impatient and reacts harshly to anyone who does something which he does not like. He is like a thug. This behaviour earns him the name 'Rascal'. Bhaskar is a widower. He has a son named Aadhi (Master Sanoop). Aadhi and Shivani (Baby Anikha) study in the same school. Bhaskar indulges in a fight at Aadhi's school. Shivani witnesses the whole encounter and is highly impressed with Aadhi's dad. She develops an admiration towards him and is excited to meet him. She is also short tempered and has an aggressive character. Shivani's mother Hima (Nayanthara) who is also a single parent and Bhaskar involve in a small fight in Aadhi's school. Bhaskar goes with Aadhi for a felicitation function where actress Rani Kabeer (Isha Talwar) is the Chief Guest. Rani gives an interview stating that she is in love with a businessman who is a single parent. Bhaskar reaches the venue at the same time. This creates a confusion in the media people and they mistake Bhaskar to be the actresses' love interest. The reporters bombard him with questions about Rani. Bhaskar answers their questions while thinking that they are asking about his brand of beer Rani. The statements go viral. Rani's real love interest happens to be see the news and separates from Rani. Bhaskar, acting on the advice of his father, tries to set things right by meeting the guy and settle the misunderstanding. Things take a different course when the person denies Bhaskar an audience and insults him. This leads to Bhaskar thrashing the guy in his office which is also covered by the press. In school, Aadhi is being mocked by his classmates. Shivani tries to save Aadhi but one of the boys twist her hand. She attacks the boy in self-defensive. The boy's mother makes an issue of it but thanks to Bhaksar's timely intervention, the matter is solved without much haste. Bhaskar encourages Shivani to be outspoken and aggressive but Hima dislikes it as she is a girl. She argues with Bhaskar and goes home and scolds Shivani. She tells her the story of how she lost her husband, Shivani's father. The events are shown in a brief Flashback. Few thugs misbehave with Hima in the theater. She humiliates the thugs for misbehaving with her. Her husband Sanjay (J. D. Chakravarthy) does nothing and remains calm. She gets annoyed with him. Once he drops her off, he drives back to the place. Hima follows and sees him in a fight with them. Hima tries to stop him but as they are about to leave, he gets shot by one of the thugs and dies. She states that she doesn't want the same fate for Shivani. The mother of the boy whom Shivani beats up goes to the police station to get information about Hima's husband's family. Aadhi and Shivani plan to get their parents married, thus making them siblings. They plan to spend time with their 'new parents' Shivani spending time with Bhaskar and Aadhi spending time with Hima. Bhaskar does shows some interest in Hima but she remains indifferent and tries to avoid Bhaskar on all occasions. On Shivani's birthday, a small party is organized. The only guests invited are Aadhi and Bhaskar but a third uninvited guest appears and surprises everyone. Sanjay, Hima's dead husband and Shivani's father. He introduces himself to Bhakar and Aadhi. A flashback shows about the happenings after he was shot. He was sent to a nearby hospital. The doctor plans to shift him to another hospital. Hima and her friend Manitha follow the ambulance but to no avail. There wasn't any patient named Sanjay admitted in the hospital. Hima comes to know the truth about Sanjay that he is a killer. She moves away from the city without informing anyone. Bhaskar and Hima decide to get married because of Sanjay emotionally blackmailing her. When Hima and Bhaskar were about to get married Sanjay and his parents come to Hima's house. The wedding is cancelled. Hima goes to Pune with Sanjay to retrieve a bag for Sanjay. They plan to kill Hima after retrieving the bag. However Bhaskar saves Hima but both Sanjay and Manitha get killed. Hima and Shivani finally cancel their trip to Canada and they reunite.
Yeh Hai Bakrapur	Bollywood	comedy	Janaki Vishwanathan	The film's story revolves around the family of the Qureshis and their pet animal goat. Circumstances result in the goat acquiring rock star status in his village and beyond. Soon enough, people are fighting for a piece of the live goat,named sharukh. A rollicking climax ensues that provides the perfect finale to the mayhem that preceded it.[4]
Pachuvum Kovalanum (പാച്ചുവും കോവാലനും)	Malayalam	comedy	Thaha	The Producer of a serial(Jagathi Sreekumar) is killed during its shooting. The director(Mukesh) is accused of it as he is the Producer's Son-in-law.
Laxdale Hall	British	comedy	John Eldridge	A British parliamentary delegation is dispatched to the village of Laxdale - a loosely disguised Applecross - in the Scottish Highlands where the residents are protesting at their poor links with the outside world. After a few days amongst them, and initial problems of interaction, the visitors begin to fully appreciate the locals' lifestyle
This Is the End	American	comedy	Seth Rogen, Evan Goldberg	Jay Baruchel arrives in Los Angeles to visit old friend and fellow Canadian actor Seth Rogen, who invites him to attend a housewarming party hosted by James Franco. Jay is uncomfortable at the crowded party, so Seth accompanies him to a convenience store for cigarettes, but beams of blue light come down and suck numerous people into the sky. Seth and Jay flee back to Franco's house, only to find the party unharmed. An earthquake strikes and the partygoers rush outside, but Michael Cera, one of them who was high on cocaine, gets impaled by a lamppost and a large hole opens in James' yard, swallowing himself and most of the other partygoers. Seth, Jay, James, Jonah Hill, and Craig Robinson survive, run back inside the house, learn that the biggest earthquake has struck Los Angeles on the news, take inventory of their supplies, set up a ration system, board up the house and await help. The next morning, Danny McBride, also in the house and unaware of the crisis, wastes most of the food and water in the house. The others tell him of the previous night's events, which he initially does not believe until a man outside is decapitated as they watch. Tensions rise due to various conflicts, including Jay and Seth's growing estrangement, and the others' skepticism of Jay's belief that the disaster might be the Apocalypse predicted in the Book of Revelation. Later, Emma Watson, another survivor of the party, returns. However, due to a misunderstanding, she believes the group is planning to rape her and leaves, taking the group's remaining drinks with her. Craig is chosen to travel outside to the basement for water, but finds the door is locked and returns after an encounter with an unknown being. Jay and Seth reach the basement by digging through the floor and find the water, but Danny ends up wasting most of it out of spite, prompting him to be kicked out of the house. Before he leaves, Danny reveals that Jay was in town two months ago, but he stayed at the Four Seasons and told Danny not to tell Seth, due to their strained friendship. After he leaves, Jonah gently chastises Jay, causing him to punch Hill, giving him a nasty nosebleed. Later that night, Jonah prays to God to kill Jay due to his immense hatred of him, but he gets raped and possessed by a demon. The next day, Jay and Craig go to a neighboring home for supplies and escape a demonic bull. Meanwhile, Seth and James are attacked by the possessed Jonah, but Jay and Craig arrive in time to knock him out. The group subdues Jonah and tie him up, but during an exorcism attempt, Jay and Seth get into a fight and knock a candle over. A fire starts, engulfing Jonah and the house in flames and forcing the others to flee outside. James suggests taking his car to his home in Malibu, but finds the car guarded by a demon. Craig volunteers to sacrifice himself and is raptured into Heaven. They are then captured by a group of cannibals led by Danny and his gimp, Channing Tatum. James volunteers to sacrifice himself to save the others, but taunts and flips Danny off as he ascends to Heaven, causing the beam to vanish. Danny warns James that he was being petty for not going to Heaven and joins the cannibals to eat him alive. Seth and Jay escape and encounter Satan. Jay apologizes to Seth for his actions and as Satan attempts to eat them, a beam strikes Jay and he begins to ascend while Seth does not. Jay grabs Seth's hand, but his presence prevents him from ascending into Heaven. Seth lets go as a result, and another beam strikes him and slices off Satan's crotch and he and Jay both finally ascend to Heaven where they meet Craig, who tells them that it is a place where any desire comes true. Jay wishes for the Backstreet Boys and the band performs Everybody (Backstreet's Back) as everyone dances.
Stormy Weather	British	comedy	Tom Walls	Sir Duncan Craggs retires from the Colonial Service and returns to London with his new French wife. The couple are devoted to each other, but continually flirt with other people. Sir Duncan is appointed to the board of clothing retail chain. On his tour of inspection, he encounters a successful store run by the efficient Mr. Bullock. By contrast, a neighbouring shop is filled with unhelpful staff overseen by an incompetent and lazy manager, Raymond Penny, who is more interested in horseracing than running his shop. Craggs is unimpressed by Penny and summons him to a meeting in London. Both Bullock and his domineering wife travel up to London as well, fearing that Penny will tell Craggs malicious stories about them. Back in London, Mrs. Craggs is horrified to discover she is still married to the White Russian Count Polotsky, whom she had thought was dead. The villainous Polotsky plans to kidnap her and blackmail her new husband. Craggs, Penny and Bullock eventually rescue her from the Chinatown dive where she is being held. It is discovered that Polotsky has married a young Chinese woman and is equally guilty of bigamy. They are able to recover all incriminating evidence as well. In gratitude, Craggs appoints Penny as his assistant.
My Wife's Family	British	comedy	Walter C. Mycroft	A farce concerning the attempts of a naval officer to avoid a visit from his wife's overbearing mother-in-law, and cope with a former girlfriend at the same time.[6]
The Lizzie McGuire Movie	American	comedy	Jim Fall	The film begins as Lizzie McGuire prepares for her junior-high graduation with one of her two closest friends, David Gordo Gordon. Her other best friend, Miranda, has chosen to skip the graduation ceremony in favor of a trip to Mexico City to visit relatives. During the ceremony, Lizzie trips onstage and accidentally brings the curtain down on her fellow graduates; this causes her to be teased by her ex-best friend, Kate Sanders, and her younger brother Matt. After graduation, Lizzie and her class embark on a trip to Rome, Italy, chaperoned by their future high school principal, the stern Angela Ungermeyer. To their dismay, Lizzie and Kate are assigned to the same hotel room. Their class visits the Trevi Fountain, where Lizzie is approached by an Italian pop star named Paolo who mistakes her for his singing partner, Isabella. Paolo asks Lizzie to meet him at the fountain the next day, and she feigns illness to sneak away. He explains that he and Isabella are booked for the Italian Music Awards, but she left Italy after their breakup. Paolo tells Lizzie that Isabella lip syncs, and begs her to pose as Isabella for the concert. She reluctantly agrees, and begins to enjoy the designer clothes, dance rehearsals, and adoration from fans. Lizzie continues to fake being ill to prepare for the concert, but Kate quickly figures out her secret. To Lizzie's surprise, Kate agrees to help her and the two become friends again. Lizzie begins to fall in love with Paolo, to Gordo's dismay. Ethan suspects Gordo is jealous of Paolo, though he insists otherwise. Meanwhile, Ms. Ungermeyer interrogates the students to learn who has been sneaking out. Gordo takes the blame, and is sent back home as punishment. Lizzie is shocked when Kate says that Gordo sacrificed himself to protect her. At the airport Gordo meets Isabella, who has returned for the concert and is upset to hear that Lizzie is impersonating her. She and Gordo realize that Paolo is planning to cut Lizzie's microphone at the concert, demonstrating to the crowd that Isabella is a fake. Paolo's plan is to ruin Isabella's career and embarrass Lizzie. Gordo and Isabella rush to the concert to stop him. Back home, Matt browses the Internet and finds Italian gossip sites with pictures of Lizzie as Isabella. When he tells his parents, the family flies to Rome to stop Lizzie and bring her home. Ms. Ungermeyer realizes that Lizzie is missing again, and Ethan accidentally reveals that she is at the Italian Music Awards. The class rushes to the concert to find Lizzie. Gordo and Isabella find her backstage preparing for the show and warn her about Paolo's scheme. Lizzie refuses to believe them at first, but Isabella insists that Gordo can be trusted and Paolo is using her. During the performance Isabella and Gordo expose Paolo by turning on his microphone, revealing his real voice. Embarrassed, Paolo runs off and is ambushed outside by paparazzi. His bodyguard, Sergei, tells him it is time to face reality and quits. Sergei flirts with Ms. Ungermeyer, who has gotten the class and Lizzie's family into the concert by beating up the bouncers. Isabella introduces Lizzie to the crowd, and has her sing What Dreams Are Made Of. As a singer, Lizzie gains a newfound confidence. Later, they celebrate at the hotel's after party. Ms. Ungermeyer rescinds Gordo's punishment, and Lizzie's parents, despite being proud of Lizzie, tell her she is grounded for the rest of the summer. Lizzie and Gordo sneak away from the party to go up to the roof. They promise to never let things change between them. The two kiss and rejoin the party.
Carlton-Browne of the F.O.	British	comedy	Roy Boulting, Jeffrey Dell	A title sequence prologue details Britain's accidental acquisition of the island Gaillardia (located on the 33rd parallel south) during the seventeenth century, the feud between two scions of its royal house and Britain's granting the island self-rule in 1916. However, when independence was granted, the Foreign Office (F.O.) failed to recall its governor, who is still there forty years later. He writes a letter to the F.O. informing them of Russian moves to annex the island's mineral wealth. After some research to find out where exactly Gaillardia is, the F.O. put the matter in the hands of Carlton-Browne, head of the Department of Miscellaneous Territories. Brutally inept, he had only gotten the role due to the distinguished career of his father. He suggests sending out two British geologists under the cover of a British Council Morris dancing troupe putting on a show for the king of Gaillardia. At the show the king is assassinated and his young Oxford-educated son Loris flies out to succeed to the throne. On the flight, travelling incognito as 'Mr Jones', he talks to a beautiful young woman. Carlton-Browne is sent out to see to British interests under the new king, accompanied by his military attaché Colonel Bellingham of the Bays. Loris and his prime minister Amphibulos stall the British, hoping to start a bidding war between them and the Russians – Amphibulos hopes to get rich, but Loris hopes to modernise his country and benefit its people (Gaillardia's backward standard of living, limited funds and negligible military strength have all been made blindingly obvious at a State Parade held in Loris' honor). The two are then visited by Loris' uncle Grand Duke Alexis and the veiled Princess Ilyena, whom Alexis and his rebels are backing as the true claimant to the throne. To settle the struggle between Loris and Alexis, the British get the United Nations to partition the island (to save costs, this is accomplished by little more than painting a white line across the island with a cricket pitch marking trolley). Soon afterwards the British mineralogists arrive back at the F.O. to announce they have discovered rich cobalt deposits – on what is now Alexis' half of the island... Loris comes to Britain for talks but the F.O. refuses to meet him, instead negotiating with Alexis so Britain can seize the mineral wealth. Loris discovers this and also overhears Amphibulos giving Alexis his support and planning to overthrow Loris in favour of Ilyena. Disgusted, Loris leaves his hotel and meets Ilyena, who is attempting to avoid an unintelligent British suitor Carlton-Browne has set up for her. Loris recognises her as the young woman from the plane, but only discovers her true identity when they duck into a news cinema and see a newsreel of her arrival in Britain. Initially angry that she has hidden her identity from him, he soon falls in love with her and starts to discuss with her how to outwit both Amphibulos and Alexis. The F.O. receive news of a revolution in Gaillardia, withdraw their support for the partition and send Bellingham at the head of a party of parachutists to put down the revolution. After the parachutists mistakenly attack their own HQ, Bellingham and Carlton-Browne are captured and taken to see the leaders of the revolution – Loris and Ilyena, now engaged to be married. Loris pretends that Bellingham and Carlton-Browne are not in Gaillardia to intervene in the revolution but to give his congratulations on the engagement, which Carlton-Browne goes along with. Gaillardia is reunited, the Russians, British and Americans leave and Carlton-Browne is granted orders of chivalry by both Gaillardia and Britain for his services to world peace. The credits roll on a scene of a team of workmen painting out the white line.
The Longest Yard	American	comedy	Peter Segal	Paul Crewe (Adam Sandler) is a former NFL player who, one night, gets drunk and goes joyriding in the Bentley of his girlfriend (Courteney Cox in an uncredited role), crashing it. It is revealed that he was accused of shaving points in a big game, although it was never proven. In prison, Warden Rudolph Hazen (James Cromwell), wishing to boost his prison's reputation for future elections as State Governor, uses threats and confinement in a hot box to coerce Crewe into helping the prison guards' football team, led by the hostile Captain Knauer (William Fichtner). Crewe informs Hazen that what Hazen's team needs is a tune-up game to boost the guards' confidence, and is therefore coerced to form an inmate team to play against the guards. He does so with the help of a newfound friend, Caretaker (Chris Rock). They start off with a poorly organized team, before being noticed by another prisoner, former college football star Nate Scarborough (Burt Reynolds), who decides to help coach the team by gathering several intimidating inmates as a boost to the team's strength. Caretaker tells Crewe that they need more brothers on the team. When Crewe goes to the basketball court to ask the black inmates to join the team, their leader, Deacon Moss (Michael Irvin) rebuffs him. Crewe challenges Deacon to a one-on-one basketball game, saying that if he wins, the brothers will join the team, and if Deacon wins, Crewe will leave them alone. Deacon accepts, and despite Deacon's undisguised personal fouls in which he elbows, punches or grabs Crewe, Crewe continues without complaint, because the match is a question of pride and respect. On the game-winning shot, Crewe cleanly steals the ball from Deacon and scores, but Deacon calls a foul. Realizing he wouldn't be allowed to win, Crewe lets Deacon score the final shot. Although Deacon beats Crewe, one of the brothers, a fast runner named Earl Megget (Nelly), impressed with Crewe's decision to take the beating, joins the football team as its running back. When the guards learn of this, they confront Earl in an attempt to provoke an assault by him by saying the racial epithet nigger, but Earl does not allow himself to be provoked despite intimidation and minor abuse. Having witnessed this, the other brothers, including Deacon, decide to join the team too. Hazen and the guards continue attempts to hinder Crewe's team by flooding their field, but the team decides to practice in the mud anyway. Inmate Unger (David Patrick Kelly) spies on the activities of the inmates and after being pressured by the guards, rigs Crewe’s radio with an explosive. Caretaker unknowingly enters the cell to give a photo gift to Crewe, but is killed when he tries to turn the dial on the radio. On game day, the inmates are revitalized in the wake of Caretaker's murder when Crewe reveals Caretaker's last gift to the team, quality gear and uniforms from his cousin at Reebok with the team name Mean Machine on the uniforms. The Mean Machine overcomes a rough start, due to individual inmates' attempts to retaliate against guards for the abuse they've suffered. Crewe angrily tells the inmates that winning the game is more important and will damage the guards more than their personal grudges, and gets them to play as a team. The first half ends with the score tied. The angered Hazen informs Crewe in private that if he does not lose he will be charged for Caretaker's murder. Crewe acquiesces to Hazen's threat, asking that the guards refrain from using excessive force on the field after getting a comfortable lead, to which Hazen agrees to do so after they obtain a two touchdown lead. After Crewe fakes an injury in order to leave the field, his teammates voice their displeasure over his obvious deserting over the team. After seeing that Hazen has broken his promise and two members of the Mean Machine are injured, Crewe asks Skitchy if the time spent in jail for punching the warden was worth it. Skitchy replies, It was worth every goddamn second, and inspired Crewe returns to the field. The team initially doubts Crewe’s resolve and allows him to be sacked twice. After running for a first down on 4th and Long, Crewe, realizing that his inmates are still not protecting him due to his prior actions, calls a huddle, and admits to the point shaving that disgraced him, and to the injury that he faked as a result of Hazen's threat, and sabotage to the other inmates, and asks for their forgiveness, putting his hands in the middle of all of them. Moss puts his hand in, followed by the rest of the team. The Mean Machine, united again as a team, quickly scores two touchdowns to cut the guards' lead to 35-28. After Megget is injured after a long run, Scarborough comes in for one play as replacement and scores a touchdown off a trick play involving a fumble called a Fumblerooski. Mean Machine decides to go for the two-point conversion and the win. As they get up to the line they seem to be confused, and Crewe and Scarborough start arguing in order to trick the guards. Moss gets the snap and passes it to Crewe, who scores the winning conversion, winning the game. Knauer, with a newfound respect for Crewe, tells him that he showed extraordinary nerve, and lets him know that he will vouch that Crewe had nothing to do with Caretaker's death. Hazen admonishes Knauer for losing a fixed game and notices that Crewe is heading towards the exit. Eagerly implying Crewe is trying to escape, Hazen orders that Crewe be shot for attempting to escape. Knauer hesitates and at the last moment realizes (and scornfully tells Hazen) that Crewe is only picking up the game football, losing a lot of respect for Hazen as he's left with a shocked look on his face. Crewe returns it to Hazen, telling him to stick it in [his] trophy case. Moss (Michael Irvin) and Joey Battle (Bill Goldberg) give Hazen a Gatorade shower, and when he tells them that this has earned them a week in the hot box, Battle defiantly yells Who gives a shit?!
Ask a Policeman	British	comedy	Marcel Varnel	Sergeant Dudfoot is talking about his life as a policeman at Turnbotham Round during a radio broadcast. His staff Albert and Harbottle (played by Graham Moffatt and Moore Marriott) enter after they have been poaching and Harbottle ruins the broadcast. The next day, Dudfoot receives a letter from the Chief Constable. The letter states that an investigation will shortly take place to see if the police force in Turnbotham Round is necessary at all since no arrests have been made in the ten years that Dudfoot has been a policeman. Dudfoot decides to set a speed trap and stops passing cars down a country lane just outside the village. After stopping and later releasing a man who has neither a license nor insurance, Dudfoot, Harbottle and Albert stop, question and knock out another driver who is actually the Chief Constable. They drive the unconscious Chief Constable back to the police station and lock him in the cell. Dudfoot then drives the Chief Constable's car into Harbottle's shop window to create the impression that the Chief Constable had just had an accident. However, when the Chief Constable comes round, he fails to be fooled by the 'accident', but the Squire intervenes and claims to have witnessed the accident, which saves Dudfoot, Harbottle and Albert from a lot of trouble. The Chief leaves after Harbottle makes up a story about a Headless Horseman when questioned about his old looks. Dudfoot states that they need to arrest a criminal soon or else their police station will be closed down and Harbottle takes him to the library to look for books on crime. On their way the coastguard stops them and tells them his brother a lighthouse keeper wants a light hung up on top of the police station as his grandmother is very ill and he agreed to the idea that if he could see the light on the Police Station tower he'd know his grandmother was still alive. (Harbottle misunderstands this, thinking that the grandmother is alone in the lighthouse, causing him to sob uncontrollably whenever the matter is mentioned.) Unknown to the cops, this is connected to the smugglers. Later Albert suggests that they should capture some smugglers by placing a keg of brandy on the beach and getting a witness to see what happens. Dudfoot comes back into the station with a fisherman, who is carrying a keg of brandy and Albert and Harbottle say they haven't taken their keg down to the beach yet, therefore resulting in two kegs of liquor. Albert’s girlfriend Emily screams and passes out as she claims to have seen a Headless Horseman. Later Albert spots the Headless Horseman too and after an encounter with him in the Squire’s garage, they are scared off by the Horseman, though Harbottle finds a small package which he tucks away. Back at the police station, the Chief Constable phones them about the smuggling and instructs them to find the navigational light the smugglers are using. In spite of the light episode with the coastguard, the three policemen brush off the idea that the coastguard is involved with smuggling. A warning note to keep their noses out of things that are not of their concern is wrapped around a stone thrown in through the police station window. A ticking sound is heard from the package that Harbottle earlier picked up and they find pocket watches inside. Harbottle then recites a rhyme which tells the legend of the Headless Horseman, although he doesn't know the last line, but his father does. So the trio decide to pay him a visit. Harbottle's father reveals the line thus also revealing the place, the Devil's Cave where the smuggling is taking place. The trio investigate the cave, follow a tunnel and discover many barrels of liquor and other things that seemed to belong to Harbottle. They eventually discover that they are in their own cellar. They decide to call the Chief Constable, but are confronted by the Squire who reveals that he is the leader of the smugglers. After a fight in the dark, the smugglers lock the trio in their own cell and escape, deciding to give chase in their car, but since the other police agents think they are smugglers as well, their car is also wanted. After a chase on a bike, a lorry and a London bus, the police agents finally capture the smugglers. The Chief Constable asks the Squire if he has seen him before, but the Squire denies this. Dudfoot then reveals the story of the accident at Harbottle's shop, and the Chief Constable orders that the trio be arrested. Dudfoot punches the Chief Constable and the trio run as fast as they can along the race track away from the other pursuing policemen.
These Dangerous Years	British	comedy	Herbert Wilcox	Tough gang leader and wannabee rock star Dave Wyman, from the slums of Liverpool, gets the call up for military service. He undergoes basic training, finds the discipline surprisingly suits him, and emerges stronger. When his best friend from training is killed by the camp bully, Dave takes revenge, and eventually ends up marrying his singing partner.
The Nut	American	comedy	Theodore Reed	Based upon a summary in a film publication,[4] Charlie (Fairbanks) has a girlfriend Estrell (De La Motte) who has a theory that if rich people would take a number of poor children into their homes each day, the environment would cause the children to grow up properly. Since Estrell does not know any of these rich people, Charlie offers to arrange a meeting. However, Charlie thinks impostors will do as well as the real rich people, so first he hires some men who turn out to be burglars and gamblers. Then he tries using dummies, but Estell is not fooled and becomes indignant. A wealthy man working as a reporter goes to investigate a report of a man dragging a body which turns out to be Charlie moving a dummy, allowing Charlie to finally meet someone rich. Estell is satisfied and agrees to marry him.
Things Happen at Night	British	comedy	Francis Searle	An English country house is plagued by a poltergeist who destroys things in the home, rearranges pictures on the wall, and possesses the daughter of the owner causing her to be expelled from school. A psychic ghost breaker and an insurance agent help the homeowners battle and expel the spirit.
Madame Louise	British	comedy	Maclean Rogers	In order to settle her debts, the owner of a dress shop transfers control to a bookmaker, Mr Trout. Trout is wanted by a gang of criminals and much mayhem follows, causing the usual stunts by Mr Pastry. He has patented a dress, modelled by the resourceful assistant Miss Penny (Petula Clark), which can be transformed from a day dress to an evening dress and other modes by the removal of the sleeves and part of the skirt. A good deal of slapstick is involved, with Hearne's acrobatic agility being much in evidence. All is well at the end of the film as the dress shop owner recovers her business (due to Mr Pastry's incompetence) and Pastry is rewarded by being made her business partner.
Strange Wilderness	American	comedy	Fred Wolf	Peter Gaulke is the host of an unsuccessful nature program called Strange Wilderness. When they meet with network head, Ed Lawson, they learn that the show is threatened with cancellation due to the low ratings, inappropriate footages and poor quality since the death of Peter's father (the show' original host). While coming up with ideas to keep the show on the air, Bill Calhoun (an old friend of Peter's father) comes to him with photos of Bigfoot hiding in Ecuador and possesses a map to his cave. Peter is excited but also learns that his rival Sky Pierson, host of a more successful wildlife show, will pay Bill $1,000 for the map. Unable to pay the amount, Peter tells Bill that he will have the money and pay him in a week at his mountain cabin. Peter along with his crew, Fred Wolf (soundman), Lynn Cooker (equipment manager), Danny Gutierrez (RV driver), and Junior (camera man) start preparing for the long trip. They also bring in two new people: Whitaker, a former car mechanic now hired as the animal handler, and Cheryl, a travel agent. While stopping to shoot a show on sea lions, Danny dresses up as a seal to get good angles but gets attacked by a shark and ends up hospitalized. Outside the hospital, Peter and Fred get into trouble with a local Hispanic gang, get their front teeth knocked out and go to a local dentist. These incidents result in the group's funds being drained. The group arrive three days to Bill's cabin and learn that he already sold the map to Pierson. However, he manages to make a copy of the map since Pierson studied the map under one of Bill's security cameras. He also manages to acquire the help of renowned tracker, Gus Hayden, but the group doesn't have the money to hire him. While urinating in the bushes, Peter is attacked out of nowhere by a mother turkey and ends up with his penis inside the bird's mouth. The group rushes him to a hospital to remove the turkey off his penis. The group stops the doctor from cutting the turkey's head off when a wildlife ranger and his son, who are the turkey's owners, say there is a $5,000 reward for the bird's return. The group continue their journey and eventually reach Ecuador where they meet up with Dick, a friend of Bill and explorer, who takes them to Gus Hayden. The next morning, however, they wake up to find that Gus has left, stolen their equipment, and Cheryl has gone with him. Though hesitant and Peter not willing to give up, Dick agrees to lead the group through the jungle. During the night, Cheryl catches up with the group where she explains that she saw Gus stealing their equipment and pretended to run off with him so she could convince him to give her the map. The next day while crossing the river, Dick gets attacked and eaten by piranhas. They also come across Pierson's camp and find that he and his team have been killed by local pygmies. The group then gathers the camp's equipment and eventually reach Bigfoot's cave. While filming, a confused Bigfoot steps out and ends up getting gunned down when the group was scared at his presence. Not sure how to end the show in a good way, Cooker comes up with the idea of showing Bigfoot committing suicide. They return to the studio to show Lawson their footage, where he berates them for their ridiculousness and cancels the show. This leads to a huge fight within the group. A year later, Peter gets a visit from Milas (the original cameraman and a friend of his father) and encourages him to revive the show. Peter gets everyone back together and they make an episode about a shark attack. They show the episode to Lawson, who decides to put the show back on the air since people love shark attacks and Pierson's death gives them no competition. The film ends with captions explaining that Strange Wilderness became successful again and six months later, they went searching for the Lock Ness Monster.
Who Done It?	British	comedy	Basil Dearden	One of the last Ealing comedies has Benny Hill making his screen debut in this film about an ice rink sweeper, Hugo Dill, who dreams of being a private investigator. His dream comes true when he manages to capture a ring of Eastern Bloc spies.
The Voices	American	comedy	Marjane Satrapi	Jerry (Ryan Reynolds) is an upbeat man who works at a bathtub factory, and lives in a modified apartment above a bowling alley with his dog, Bosco, and his cat, Mr. Whiskers. Jerry is a schizophrenic who chooses not to take his medication and enjoys delusions and hallucinations that manifest in the form of his pets talking to him. Bosco often represents his good intentions while Mr. Whiskers represents his more violent nature. One day, his manager compliments his hard work and chooses him to help organize an employee barbecue, and he gladly accepts the opportunity to work with his workplace crush, an English woman named Fiona. The following day he asks her out on a date. She initially agrees, though with reluctance, but then stands him up to go to a karaoke party with two other women who work with her in the accounting department at work, Lisa and Alison. After the party, Fiona's car won't start, leading her to flag down Jerry as he drives by. Fiona offers to take him out for a late dinner to make up for standing him up on the original date, but on the way, Jerry accidentally hits a deer which crashes through his windshield. Jerry's hallucinations show the deer crying out in pain and begging Jerry to kill it so he slits the deer's throat. Fiona, terrified, runs off into the woods. Jerry pursues her and stabs her to death. Upon returning home, Bosco suggests he has to go to the police and confess, encouraging him in saying that he's a good man and won't be punished. On the other hand, Mr. Whiskers says there is no shame in killing, but insists Jerry needs to dispose of the body and refrain from going to the police or else he will be severely punished and locked away. Jerry collects Fiona's body from the forest, and returns home with it but leaves a bloody shoe and pile of organs. He dismembers Fiona, placing her innards in numerous plastic boxes and her disembodied head inside his fridge. After this traumatic experience, his delusions increase with now having Fiona being able to talk to him. Her tone suggests she forgives him for his actions, but she insists he takes his medication to end his behavior. Jerry takes his pills, and experiences nightmares of his abusive past. When he wakes up during the night, he is groggy, but his hallucinations have ended; his pets no longer speak to him, his apartment is a complete mess with animal waste littering the floor, garbage piling up in bags and up against the walls of his apartment and blood all over his kitchen after cutting up Fiona's body and Fiona's head is cold and rotting. He throws away the pills in terror, and the next morning, his hallucinations resume and his happy life is back to 'normal'. Fiona tries to convince Jerry to kill someone else so that she has someone to talk to, but Jerry insists that he can't. Jerry asks Lisa on a date. He develops feelings for her and takes her to his abandoned childhood home, where it is revealed his German mother had confessed to her insanity and was about to be taken away by the authorities when he was a child. When they arrived, she tried to slit her throat, but couldn't do it herself and so she begged Jerry to finish the job to end her suffering. The police had found Jerry standing over his dead mother with a piece of broken glass and he is committed instead. Jerry sobs in front of Lisa, who comforts him. They go back to her house and spend the night together. When Jerry returns home the next morning, he still feels pressured into killing someone else by Fiona and Mr. Whiskers, and seems unsure of what to do next. Lisa finds out Jerry's address through accounting and delivers a gift to his house. When Jerry inadvertently locks himself out, he tries to get back in through the sky light, but Lisa manages to pick the door open using her hairpin. She wanders in and discovers the state of the apartment, as well as the covered head of Fiona, though she doesn't immediately recognize it beneath the coat covering it. Jerry sneaks up on her, upset that she trespassed into his home, but despite pressure from Mr. Whiskers, he refuses to kill her. Lisa sees for the first time the troubled, delusional man Jerry is, and, frightened, tries to run away, running to the bathroom to hide, and then into his bedroom. Jerry comes in, genuinely trying to apologize for scaring Lisa and she, feeling cornered, attempts to put up an act, insisting they can go back to normal and forget what happened in order to make him let her leave, but when she panics and tries to escape hurriedly, Jerry grabs her by the arms to stop her and throws her backwards back onto the bed to break her neck on the headboard. After she dies, Jerry cuts her body apart and places her head in the fridge, next to Fiona's. Other workers from accounting begin to realize Fiona and Lisa have gone missing. When Alison goes to Jerry's house to ask if he knows where they are, Jerry immediately kills and dismembers her. Jerry confesses his killings to his counselor Dr. Warren. She tries to call the police, but he takes her hostage into the countryside and forces her to help him. She calms him down and shows understanding, which makes him feel better. Meanwhile, the other workers from accounting break into Jerry's home (as Bosco runs away) and discover the apartment's state as well as all the blood, and immediately retreat to call the police. Shortly after Jerry returns home, still holding Warren hostage, the police surround his house and prepare to move in. Jerry takes Mr. Whiskers into the bathroom and then flees down into the basement, breaking a gas pipe while doing so. After rescuing Dr. Warren, the police are knocked back from a huge explosion that was caused by the gas leak. Down in the bowling alley, Jerry realizes the bowling alley is on fire and he is in grave danger. The voices of Bosco and Mr. Whiskers, no longer taking forms of belonging to a dog and cat no longer with him, speak to him in his own mind, Mr. Whiskers is insisting he get out of there and find another place to live, to hide, so that he may continue killing and feeling alive, and Bosco telling him that there is no place for him in life any longer and that he should let the fire put him to sleep. Choosing to stay and end his own misery, he lies down and waits until he blacks out from the smoke. In a white void, Bosco and Mr. Whiskers confess that, despite their opposing beliefs, they did like each other, before going their separate ways. Jerry then appears with his parents, Fiona, Lisa and Alison, and he apologizes to the women for killing them. Just then Jesus appears, and they all dance and sing together.
Stop Press Girl	British	comedy	Michael Barry	Jennifer Peters is a normal girl except for one unfortunate trait. All the women in her family stop any mechanical contrivance that they travel in. As the film progresses, Jennifer stops her boyfriend's automobile, then a train she travels in without being aware of what she does. Tension mounts when a girlfriend takes ill and Jennifer takes her job; an air hostess on a Liberator airliner!
The Butcher Boy	American	comedy	'Fatty' Arbuckle	Arbuckle, a butcher boy in a country store, is in love with Almondine (Alice Lake), the daughter of the store's general manager Mr. Grouch. Fatty's attempts to get close to her are sidetracked when the store's clerk Alum (Al St. John), a rival for Alice's affections, starts a fight with the rotund butcher. Their confrontation in the store soon involves an earlier customer (Buster Keaton) as well as Grouch. The resulting mayhem includes small bags of flour being hurled and exploding, pies being tossed, and brooms being wildly swung amid the thick clouds of flour lingering in the air. Determined to marry Almondine, Fatty later disguises himself as a female cousin and follows her to an all-girls boarding school. Unfortunately, Alum has the same idea and masquerades too as a female student. After another fight breaks out between Fatty and Alum, Fatty is taken by the school's principal Miss Teachem to a separate room to be punished. Meanwhile, Alum and his accomplices (Keaton and Joe Bordeaux) attempt to kidnap Almondine. Luckily, Fatty's dog Luke distracts the gang while Fatty and Almondine escape. Once outside, the couple see a sign on a tree identifying a nearby parsonage, so they run off arm-in-arm to get married there. Note that the subtitles in a later release of The Butcher Boy cite new names for the characters: Alum is Slim Snavely and Almondine is Amanda.[2]
Brad's Status	American	comedy	Mike White	Brad Sloan (Ben Stiller) owns a non-profit organization, and lives a comfortable life with his loving wife and son, but cannot help imagining how his friends Craig Fisher (Michael Sheen), Billy Wearslter (Jemaine Clement), Jason Hatfield (Luke Wilson), and Nick Pascale (Mike White) are rich and accomplished. Craig works in the White House, published a best-selling book, and constant voice in political issues; Jason owns a hedge fund firm; Billy sold a company he founded, moved to Maui, and retired; and Nick is a Hollywood director. His wife Melanie (Jenna Fischer) tries to comfort Brad, telling him that they don't need to compare themselves to the wealthiest 1%. In the morning, Brad and his son, Troy (Austin Abrams), leave for Boston to visit colleges. After Troy confesses to him that he aims to get into Harvard, Brad sees this as a way to make up for his lost ambitions. After arriving at Harvard to meet with admissions, they find out they have missed the appointment by one day. Brad argues to see the admission committee, but Troy gets him to back down. Melanie suggests that Brad should call his old friend Craig, which he reluctantly agrees. At a restaurant, Brad calls Billy to get Craig's number and finds out that his friend Nick got married a few years back, but he was not invited. He then laments how his friends' exclusion of him confirms his fears: that he is not only a failure in his own eyes but to others as well. Brad also reflects about his waning sex life with Melanie and how his wife easily gets satisfied, which he thinks might have undermined his ambitions. After talking to Crag, Craig gets Troy a meeting with the famous Harvard music professor and the dean of admissions. Brad and his son meet Ananya (Shazi Raja), a high school musician friend of his son, and her friend Maya (Luisa Lee). Brad relishes Annaya's idealism and her respect for his work, reminding him of his better days. She also reveals to Brad that she did not like Craig's lectures since she finds him sexist and arrogant. After having dinner with them, Brad and Troy turn down the offer of drinks with them and return to their hotel. That night, Brad can't sleep so he decides to have a drink with Ananya. He tells her that the non-profit life was a mistake and he should have tried to make money. Ananya lets him know that he is living the white man's privilege and that there are kids she knows in India who are lucky to have dinner, so he should be grateful for what he has in his life. Troy meets his role model music composer thanks to Craig pulling some strings. However, when Troy tells Brad that his idol is not as cool as he thought, they get in an argument where Brad tells Troy that he cannot judge people for selling out because he is just living in a bubble. The argument soon ends and Troy attends his interviews and gets a great response. During the interview, Jason calls Brad and informs him that his daughter has tethered spine. Brad then accompanies Troy to his old college, where he calls Melanie and expresses his pride about his son. The next night, Brad has dinner with Craig, to properly thank him for his help. He finds out that his old friends, the ones he believes are leading privileged lives, are actually living with major problems. Jason Hatfield's company is under legal investigation and his daughter has a serious medical issue while Billy Weather is an addict and alcoholic. Craig also expresses some homophobic remarks about Nick. While Brad tolerates Craig's constant bragging and backhanded compliments, eventually Brad feels conflicted about how Craig treats him, questioning if they really are friends. He leaves their dinner to join Troy at the orchestral performance where Ananya and Maya are playing. Brad is feeling emotional, imagining how he lost in life. That night, Troy explains that everyone in the world is thinking of themselves, and he is the only one thinking about Brad, and he loves him. In his thoughts, Brad is trying to imagine the future. The movie ends with him repeating I am still alive, as he turns over and goes to sleep. At the end of the credits, Troy's imagination that his son is playing music on the street collecting coins is shown again.
Death in Brunswick	Australian	comedy	John Ruane	Set and filmed in Brunswick, a Melbourne suburb, it deals with a humble chef, Carl (Neill) who gets a job at a sleazy nightclub owned by Yanni Voulgaris (Nicholas Papademetriou). He begins a relationship with the Greek-Australian barmaid, Sophie (Zoe Carides), which soon brings him into trouble with his employers and her strict father. His drug dealing Turkish-Australian co-worker, Mustafa (Nick Lathouris), is beaten up by the Greek-Australian owners. Thinking Carl told them, Mustafa attacks Carl. Carl accidentally stabs and kills him. He calls his friend, Dave (Clarke), a grave digger, and they bury Mustafa. This leads to one of the most famous scenes in the film—Dave's idea that they bury the body in the opened grave of someone else whose husband will be buried above her the following day. Dave expects the coffin of the deceased to be comparatively empty, given how long it has been since she died. When he finds that the rate of decomposition is not what he expects, he begins to stomp and crush her body to make some room. Later, Mustafa's wife and son come to the restaurant and ask Carl if they know what happened to Mustafa. Carl denies having any knowledge and is wracked with guilt. He gives Mustafa's pay to his wife, even though Dave tells him that it might make him suspect. Later Mustafa's son sees him at a pool[1] with Sophie. Knowing that Sophie is also having a relationship with one of the Greek owners, Mustafa's Turkish friends confront Carl. Believing the Greek owners to be responsible, they get their revenge on them, ironically killing the one who was originally responsible for beating Mustafa in the first place. Carl leaves his job and is later comforted when he sees Mustafa in the church (albeit, in a dream) who offers him a friendly handshake. After his domineering mother suffers a stroke and is left a quadriplegic, Carl marries Sophie, despite her father's protests and the final scene from their wedding is reminiscent of the Last Supper.
Let George Do It!	British	comedy	Marcel Varnel	At the beginning of the Second World War, before Germany invaded Norway, a ukulele player in a British dance band playing at a Bergen hotel, is found dead during a radio broadcast of the band's show. It turns out he was a British agent keeping an eye on the band leader, Mark Mendes (Garry Marsh), who is suspected of being a German agent passing on information about British shipping to German U-boats, using a code concealed in the radio broadcasts. When Mendes calls a musician's agent in London for a replacement, British Intelligence tries to send another agent in his place. However, through a series of mistakes in a blacked out Dover, ukulele player George Hepplewhite (George Formby), who is on his way to Blackpool, is put on the boat to Bergen instead of the new agent. When he arrives, the receptionist at the hotel, Mary Wilson (Phyllis Calvert), who is another British agent, makes contact but eventually realises the mistake. George, however, is totally unaware and starts working with the band, although Mendes is suspicious of him. Eventually Mary tells George what is going on, and together they manage to find what the code is and alert the British Navy. When Mendes discovers that his code has been broken, he gives George a cup of coffee containing a truth serum, and George reveals that he and Mary are British spies. George, drugged, is left in his room, where he dreams of flying to Germany and giving Hitler a right hook. Eventually, he flees to join Mary on board a ship, but it has already left. So he hides in a motorboat which takes Mendes to a German U-boat, with the intent to torpedo British troop ships as well as the ship that Mary is on. George manages to get on board and alert Mary's ship over the U-boat's radio. After a series of chaotic incidents on board, where George accidentally launches the U-boat's torpedoes and thus tells the British Navy where to find it, he hides in one of the empty torpedo tubes. So when Mendes tries to torpedo Mary's ship, he shoots out George instead, who flies through the air and lands on the ship deck, thus reuniting with Mary.
Road to Nhill	Australian	comedy	Sue Brooks	A car carrying four lady lawn bowlers on its way to Nhill is involved in an accident on a deserted road in rural Victoria. Locals, not knowing where the accident was, or who was involved, embark on a journey to assist.
Book of Love	American	comedy	Alan Brown	A young woman named Elaine (Frances O'Connor) and her husband, David Walker (Simon Baker) meet a lonely fifteen-year-old, Chet Becker, (Gregory Smith) in an ice-cream shop. Over time, the couple becomes friendly with Chet, who develops a crush on Elaine that culminates in a one-night stand. Elaine later confesses her infidelity to David, and their marriage is destroyed by the affair. The movie also represented the debut of Bryce Dallas Howard in a larger role.
Adult Beginners	American	comedy	Ross Katz	After his company crashes and burns on the eve of its big launch, hipster entrepreneur Jake (Kroll) moves in with his estranged pregnant sister, Justine (Byrne), brother-in-law, Danny (Cannavale), and three year-old nephew in the suburbs where he is faced with the pressure of real responsibility.
First Time, TheThe First Time	American	comedy	Jon Kasdan	Dave, a senior in high school, is in a back alley at a house party, rehearsing a confession of love for a girl named Jane, when he's interrupted by a junior Aubrey. They talk, and when he practices the speech to get her opinion, she is not impressed. When he offers to dance with her she refuses, explaining that public displays of affection (PDA) are distasteful, in her opinion. She eventually gives in and starts to dance with him, minutes before the police raid the party. Aubrey invites Dave to walk home with her and then into her house, noting that she has a boyfriend. She then invites him to her bedroom. They share some wine and a meaningful conversation. Aubrey asks him if he's ever had sex, and Dave admits he hasn't, but she refuses to answer the same question. They talk while lying side by side on the floor and both accidentally fall asleep. The next morning, Aubrey’s mother knocks on the door, awakening and surprising both of them. Dave goes through the window to get out of the house, spilling his glass of wine on the carpet in the process. Dave meets with his friends, the cocky and British Simon and quiet Big Corporation, in a diner for breakfast, telling them about Aubrey. They suggest that claiming to have a boyfriend could be a strategic lie, and tell him he should contact her. Dave receives her home number through a mutual friend and calls her house, catching Aubrey as her parents are berating her about the wine on the rug. Dave informs her that he and his friends are catching a movie that evening, and Aubrey tells Dave she's going to the same theater with her boyfriend Ronny. Jane and her friends happen to be at the theatre. Aubrey persuades Ronny to go to the same movie as Dave and Jane, as she is feeling a touch of jealousy. Jane repeatedly flirts with Dave inside the theater, sitting next to him, taking off her jacket and attempting to hold his hand. Confused and upset, Aubrey leaves the theater during the film, and a concerned Dave follows her. In the lobby, she apologizes for being strange on the phone and having him jump off the roof. They have another conversation, in which Dave gets her cell phone number and invites her and Ronny to Jane's friend's house afterwards. At the friend's house, Aubrey and Jane end up together at the pool, and talk about Dave. Jane has high praise for Dave, but clearly takes him for granted while complaining about all the awful guys she's been with. Aubrey seems to suggest that sometimes the right guy is right in front of them, but stops and pretends to have forgotten what she was about to say. Meanwhile, inside the house, a jealous and tipsy Ronny brags to Dave that he and Aubrey are planning to have sex that night... in his van. This annoys and worries Dave, who finds Aubrey and tells her not to have sex with Ronny, and that her first time shouldn't be with a guy like him. Aubrey denounces the romantic notion of the first time being so important, and tells him it's none of his business. Things take a flirtatious turn but Ronny appears, telling Aubrey they need to go. Dave intervenes, nearly leading to a fight before Simon and Big Corporation intervene, stopping it. Aubrey leaves with Ronny. At the end of the small party, Dave ends up in a bedroom with Jane, where she half flirts with him before starting to complain about her latest sexual misadventures. Jane notes that something weird is going on with Dave. He realizes he'd rather be with Aubrey and leaves. On his way home, he gets a text from Aubrey asking him to pick her up. Smiling, he obliges. They drive around, she tells him that she's just dumped Ronny. They eventually pass a van that they both recognize, which turns out to be one in which they interacted with the teenagers inside on the night of the party where they met. The van appears to have crashed, and the teenagers inside are no where to be found. This greatly upsets Aubrey, who says she’s going to be sick and Dave pulls over. Throughout this, they gradually reveal and discover their feelings for each other, ending in them kissing in the parking lot where Dave pulled over. They talk on the phone the next day and meet at a park with Dave’s little sister, Stella. Aubrey learns that her parents are going out and invites Dave over that night. Dave struggles with himself before deciding to not bring a condom. That night they make out, then hesitate before deciding to have sex. Dave awkwardly puts on a condom that Aubrey has, and the scene fades out as they decide to have sex. Afterwards, both of them are upset for it hasn't gone well, and they don't know how to talk about it. Everything they say seems to make it worse, and they decide it was all a mistake and they should not see each other. Later that night, Aubrey keeps looking at her phone hoping Dave will call, while Dave repeatedly picks up his phone to call, but backs down. He meets with Simon and Big Corporation, telling them that the idea of sex was better than the experience. Simon tells him its no big deal, but Big Corporation reminds him that they spend every weekend looking for someone special and it never happens, but this time it did. He says Dave and Aubrey hit a speed bump because it was their first time, but Dave should be a man and give it another try. In the following morning, Aubrey tells her parents that she found a great guy and messed it up by pushing him away. Her parents try to make her feel better. Dave is waiting for her in the driveway, declaring his feelings and wants to try again. She leads him to believe she's not interested, but asks for a ride to school. In the car, she expresses her desire to be together and a need to work on the sex, which he happily agrees to. He drops her off and they say goodbye awkwardly, but she runs back to him, breaking her no PDA rule with a warm, passionate kiss in front of the other students.
Eddelu Manjunatha	Kannada	comedy	Guruprasad	This film is about the life and times of a lazy and jobless middle aged man named Manjunatha (Manja) who considers his life as an eventual existence rather than a practical, deserving and a capable one. His laziness is portrayed in the film as not a quality but as an ethic imbibed within his general thoughts and notions of the everyday world that surrounds him. Through his formative years his thinking becomes pragmatic in considering that livelihood can always be sought through alternate sources rather than being a puppet to how the world goes about through linear methods of gaining success and money. The other essentially important character in the film is a visually impaired person named Naani (played by Tabla Naani). Although being born blind, he wishes to be a film director. Naani's most positive aspect of the role is that he does not believe that his physical disability could stop him from achieving what he dreams, that is to be a film maker. The film is structured around the lengthy conversation, which happen in a captive lodge room, between Manja and Naani where each depict their ideologies and experiences and co-relate their thoughts. Being a Jaggesh film, the film is no where short in containing blatant satirical humour and constant metaphors. The characters of Manja and Naani form contrasting personalities - Manja being an unmotivated, lazy and irresponsible guy and Naani being optimistic and ambitious. Naani happens to meet Manja in a very interesting scenario. Even with their contrasting personalities, Manja and Naani get along together pretty well. The other important, yet minimally portrayed, role is of Manja's wife Gowri (played by Yagna Shetty). Manja admittedly marries Gowri in the fact that he was getting a small house as a dowry. Gowri struggles to save her relationship while Manja is doused into the casual habits of alcohol, his influential circle of friends, betting, occasional petty thieving at random jobs, inability to sustain decent jobs, wife-bitching and other habits including schemes that eventually thicken the gap between living a moral and a meaningful life and being an incapable disloyal husband. However Gowri's character is portrayed to be of a devout woman who honours the capacity of developing a more healthy family hood through her husband changing his ways some day or the other. But days and years go on and Manja's lifestyle remains unchanged much to the chagrin of Gowri. The conversation now continues shifting from the lodge to Manja's home itself. After celebrating their freedom from the lodge with alcoholism that night they find themselves again captive within the house due to the help of the local inspector who assists Gowri to tackle Manja's unyielding ways. Naani then talks about the plot of his film, which was seemingly ignored by the producer with whom he had placed his trust upon (and for the reason with which he ended up being captive in the lodge). Manja, hearing of the simple story of Dr. Rajkumar's pledged eyes and how they were now seeing a world through another person, is taken aback and applauds Naani for such a heartwarming plot and how the -Annavru-'s fans would welcome such a movie. He motivates Naani with all success if Naani ever made the film by taking out his mother's prized 50 rupee note from the cupboard and giving it to Naani. He tells Naani that it was considered as a luck charm to any person that received it. He also happens to find a note in the cupboard that Gowri leaves behind (after her inability to tell him personally that night due to his inebriated state) to Manja conveying that she was now carrying and that he would soon become a father. Manja's personality suddenly defines a change after reading the news. He is unable to express his joy, apart from sharing it with Naani, at that moment being locked in his home. He tries calling Gowri but he doesn't get her on-line. In the midst of all this there concocts a life turning situation for Manja at that moment. His wife returns home struck in pain. Gowri had killed the developing child in her womb due to the burdensome worry which she concluded that she wasn't in a state to be able to maintain and grow a child while having such a lackluster and incapable husband. She perceived that it was best for the child to not come to life and face a deteriorated lifestyle. Naani leaves the house expressing his ill timed presence in the development of such an event. Manja is clipped between a moment of where he faced fresh joy like he had not known for a long long time where he believed that the child, who would be his Lakshmi (the Goddess of wealth), would change his life for the better and to another moment that his 'Lakshmi' would not be happening. In his state of hopelessness he threatens Gowri as to what rights she held to kill his child. Gowri is throbbing in pain to be able to reply to his questions. In this delusion of Manja, Lakshmi -the unborn child, appears to him and speaks to him as to how ill fated she would have been to have been born as a daughter to such a father. Lakshmi says that Gowri, her mother, did not kill her and that Manja, her father, killed her and suggests to him that he could celebrate this occasion with his friends by drinking along with them. Manja's remorse knows no bounds. He reflects back Lakshmi's words to Gowri and says to his wife that neither his own parents or his own wife or any of his gurus could ever be a guru to him, but the unborn dead child which will never happen in his existence was his ultimate guru to his final immediate realization of the value of life.
All at Sea	British	comedy	Anthony Kimmins	When mild mannered Joe (Tyrell Davis) comes into an inheritance, he leaves his job as a clerk, and embarks on a sea cruise. Posing as a successful writer, Joe attracts various attractive women to him on the voyage, but his deceptions start to land him in trouble.
Straight-Jacket	American	comedy	Richard Day	Guy Stone (Matt Letscher) is blissfully closeted, picking up tricks for one-night-stands, while capturing the country's heart as America's most eligible bachelor (starring in such films as The Love Barrel and I Married the Ghost). However, Guy's carefully managed façade collapses when he comes up for the lead in S.R.O. studio's version of Ben-Hur. Things turn sour for the film idol when a fellow actor, Freddie Stevens (Jack Plotnick) (famous in the film for portraying Captain Astro in a succession of Buck Rogers or Flash Gordon-type serial films), decides to steal the lead in Ben-Hur from Guy by taking a picture of Guy exiting a gay bar. Freddie plans to out Guy to the world and ruin his career. Jerry (Veronica Cartwright), Guy's repressed lesbian ball-bustingly ambitious agent, connives to cover up the impending outing and ensure Guy the role in Ben-Hur by marrying her client off with great fanfare to the studio head's secretary, Sally (Carrie Preston), who just happens to also be a slavishly devoted Guy Stone fan. However, Sally isn't aware the marriage is a sham. To avoid his adoring new bride as much as possible, Guy has Jerry sign him onto the next available film, which turns out to be 'Blood Mine' — a disastrously arch pro-union film about the corrupt goings on at a coal mine (with lines like 'how can they call this a MINE when everything is THEIRS!?!'). The studio head, in fear of the red-baiting going on in Hollywood at the time, decides — true to Hollywood stereotype — rather than stop production on the film to instead water down the pro-union content wherever possible. The young, idealistic, and terribly handsome writer of the novel that the film is based on, Rick Foster, quickly gets roped into convoluting the plot of this already-bad adaptation of his heartfelt book largely because of a chance meeting between him and the film's star, Guy. The attraction the two men feel for one another is instantaneous and propels the rest of the plot forward.
Big Dreams Little Tokyo	American	comedy	David Boyle	The film tells the story of Boyd (played by Boyle), an American with an uncanny ability to speak Japanese. Boyd aspires to succeed in the world of Japanese business but finds himself mostly on the outside looking in. Meanwhile, his roommate Jerome (Jayson Watabe), is a Japanese American who has always felt too American to be Japanese but too Japanese to be American. He aspires to be a sumo wrestler but finds his weight and blood pressure are thwarting his dreams. Together they struggle to find their place in a world where cultural identity is seldom what it seems.
Land Without Music	British	comedy	Walter Forde	After discovering that her state is penniless because its citizens spend their time making music instead of money, a European Grand Duchess bans music in her domains.[2] A New York journalist conspires with rogues to stage a concert.
Good Boy!	American	comedy	John Hoffman	Owen Baker (Liam Aiken) is a 12-year-old who has been working as the neighborhood dog-walker so he can earn the privilege of getting a dog of his own. Owen's hard work pays off when his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Baker (Kevin Nealon and Molly Shannon), let Owen adopt a scruffy Border Terrier that he names Hubble (voice of Matthew Broderick). Owen has little time to make lasting friends, due to his parents' renovation and reselling of houses, so he hopes Hubble will be his best friend. Owen does have a friend named Connie Flemming (Brittany Moldowan), a girl his age who lives in the neighborhood, but he is also bullied by two boys named Frankie (Hunter Elliott) and Fred (Mikhael Speidel). Soon after the adoption of Hubble, Owen finds out that his new abnormally intelligent dog actually came from outer space. Owen wakes up the next morning to discover that he can now understand every word Hubble says—including the ominous phrase: Take me to your leaders. Owen learns that dogs came to Earth thousands of years ago to colonize and dominate the planet. Hubble, who is really named Canid 3942, has been sent by the powerful Greater Dane (voice of Vanessa Redgrave) on a mission from the Dog Star Sirius 7 to make sure dogs have fulfilled this destiny. The dogs Owen walks include pampered Poodle Barbara Ann (voiced by Delta Burke), rambunctious Boxer Wilson (voiced by Donald Faison), nervous Italian Greyhound Nelly (voiced by Brittany Murphy) and Connie's gassy Bernese Mountain Dog Shep (voiced by Carl Reiner). Despite the best efforts of Owen and this rag-tag group of neighborhood dogs to convince Hubble that everything is fine with Earth's dogs, Hubble soon discovers the awful truth about Earth dogs: You're all pets! Things get worse when Hubble learns that the Greater Dane is headed for Earth to do her own inspection. If things don't look right, all dogs on Earth will be recalled to Sirius. Owen and Hubble have to work together to prepare the neighborhood dogs for a visit from the Greater Dane and her Chinese Crested Dog henchman (voiced by Cheech Marin). Owen, Hubble, Connie, and their canine pals set out to whip the other dogs into shape so that they can pass muster. Owen's efforts fail and the Greater Dane recalls all dogs from Earth. Upset, Owen repairs Hubble's communicator and sends him a message declaring how much he loves him. The Greater Dane hears the message and is left curious by it so she approaches Hubble for his opinion on why the dogs on Earth are subservient to humanity when they should be ruling it. Hubble believes that the dogs and humans have formed a bond of love and loyalty. When asked where his own loyalty lies, Hubble asks the Greater Dane to refer to him as Hubble rather than Canid 3942, showing his bond with Owen. As a result, the Greater Dane sends the Earth dogs back and declares them a separate species. Hubble is allowed to return as well, but on the condition that he removes Owen's ability to communicate with dogs. Owen's parents choose to remain in town for once and Hubble starts to fit in as an Earth dog.
That's My Boy	American	comedy	Sean Anders	In 1984, middle school student Donny Berger is in detention and begins a sexual relationship with his teacher, Mary McGarricle. When this relationship is discovered, she is sentenced to a maximum penalty prison term of 30 years, where she is revealed pregnant. Custody of the unborn child is given to Donny's abusive father until Donny turns 18 to assume full custody. In 2012, Donny is a broke, alcoholic slacker who spends his time with his friends, local drunk Kenny, bartender Brie and her stripper mother Champale. Donny is now estranged from his son Han Solo who, embarrassed by his parents' scandalous past and also Donny's immaturity, has changed his name to Todd Peterson to avoid discovery of his parentage. Todd, a successful businessman, has recently arrived at the Cape Cod house of his boss, where he is to marry his fiancée, Jamie Martin. Donny learns from his lawyer, Jim Nance, that he owes $43,000 to the IRS in back-taxes and will be imprisoned for three years if he doesn't repay the money by the end of the weekend. However, Nance has him place a $20 bet on an 8000:1 contestant named Tubby Tuke in the following Monday's Boston Marathon. In spite of this, Donny realizes that he may need a back-up plan should Tubby Tuke lose. He visits TV producer Randall Morgan, who had produced shows for Donny during his brief period of celebrity, and Morgan offers him $50,000 if he can organize a reunion with Todd and Mary at the women's prison. Donny arrives at Cape Cod to try to convince Todd to participate. Todd had previously told people his parents were dead, so he introduces Donny as an old friend. Donny quickly becomes well-liked by the others, much to the chagrin of Todd and at the expense of his popularity. Donny tries to convince Todd to see his mother at the women's prison, without revealing that it is for a TV show, but he refuses. Todd fights constantly with Donny about his father's immaturity. Donny admits his mistake by revealing he was young and didn't know how to be a father since his own never taught him how. Todd eventually imitates his father's behavior, including engaging in a fight with Father McNally, cancelling the church rehearsal. Before Jamie's family could blame Todd, Donny saves him by convincing his future in-laws to have the wedding rehearsal away from churches because Todd is still going through a tragedy from one that killed his parents. Donny joins Todd and his friends at Todd's bachelor party, a relaxing day at a spa. However, Donny convinces the guys to attend a strip club where over the course of the night, Todd eventually agrees to meet his mother at the women's prison. Donny, knowing a TV crew will be there tries to stop the meeting, but Todd goes anyway. As Mary, Donny, and Todd have a personal moment with each other, they are ambushed by Randall Morgan's TV crew, forcing a disgusted Todd to leave without signing a release form, leaving Donny without any money. Donny overhears Jamie on the phone with Todd's boss, Steve Spirou, having a conversation that implies they've been sleeping together behind Todd's back. He tries to warn Todd, but Jamie comes up with a convincing cover story that fools Todd. With some encouragement from Kenny, Donny attempts to patch things up with Jamie, but instead discovers her with Chad having sex at a hotel room. Realizing that she could lose Todd if Donny tells him about her sexual affair with both Chad and Steve, she gives him a $50,000 check in order to keep him quiet. Despite Jamie's hush money, Donny has to stop the wedding. With the help of Vanilla Ice, his friend from his celebrity days, they make it to the wedding in time. Donny reveals himself to be Todd's father, rips up Jamie's check and forces her to admit her actions behind Todd's back. Todd breaks up with Jamie, accepts Donny as his father, and takes back his birth name of Han Solo Berger. At the strip club the following day, Han reveals himself to be dating Brie and offers Donny the money to pay for his unpaid taxes. Donny turns down the offer, accepting it's time for him to take responsibility for his actions. He prepares to go to prison to rekindle his relationship with Mary after his term is over, but the bet he placed on Tubby Tuke wins him $160,000, keeping him out of prison.
Laughing Gas	American	comedy	Edwin Stanton Porter	The plot is that of a black woman going to the dentist for a toothache and being given laughing gas. On her way walking home, and in other situations, she can't stop laughing, and everyone she meets catches the laughter from her, including a vendor and police officers.
Lucky Jim	British	comedy	John Boulting	Jim Dixon is a young lecturer in history at a redbrick university, who manages to offend his head of department and create various disastrous incidents. When he eventually delivers a lecture drunk, he feels forced to resign. But just as his career seems over, he is offered a job in London, and when he learns that the girl of his dreams is on her way to the railway station, he chases after her in the professor's old car. The professor's whole family chases after, and arrives at the station just in time to see Jim and the girl disappear on the train to London.
Sheltered Daughters	American	comedy	Edward Dillon	As described in a film publication,[4] the story involves an underworld plot to defraud givers to a charity for French orphans. Jenny Dark (Johnstone), who greatly admires Joan d'Arc, supposedly the wife of a French officer, at a banquet collects $200,000 for the French orphans. Jenny's father Jim (Hatch) is a plain clothes man, so the crooks do not get away. However, when Jim goes to arrest the impostor, he finds his daughter Jenny in the room with him. However, soon all is explained.
Lottery Ticket	American	comedy	Erik White	The film follows Kevin Carson (Bow Wow), a young man living in the projects with his grandmother (Loretta Devine). Kevin dreams of one day designing his own sneaker line, but currently works at Foot Locker. His dreams are supported by two of his best friends: Benny (Brandon T. Jackson) and Stacey (Naturi Naughton). He comes across Lorenzo (Gbenga Akinnagbe), the neighborhood bully. Meanwhile, everyone in his neighborhood is trying to win the Mondo Million Dollar Lottery of $370 million. Lorenzo demands that Kevin gives him and his three friends three sets of sneakers each for free. When Lorenzo shows up to Kevin's job at Foot Locker, and grabs the shoes, the alarms go off and the police arrive, after Lorenzo claims Kevin gave him the shoes as a gift, he attempts to explain to the police that he did not intend to give the shoes to Lorenzo, Lorenzo is arrested for shoplifting and Kevin loses his job. On his way home, he buys a Mondo Millionaire Lottery ticket at a gas station, playing his grandmother's and his lucky numbers. He meets Benny, who tells him that the whole neighborhood heard that Kevin snitched on Lorenzo, and is even called one by their friends. Defeated, Kevin goes home and quickly falls asleep. Later, the numbers of the lottery are announced. Grandma's ticket doesn't win, but Kevin finds out that his own ticket has won him $370 million. However, when he and Benny head to the claims office, they are told that they must wait three days for the office to reopen, due to the Fourth of July weekend. News of Kevin's winning ticket spreads, and the entire neighborhood swarms him and his home, begging for a cut of the money. Nikki Swayze (Teairra Marí) who previously rejected Kevin, suddenly develops an interest in him. This angers Stacey, who tells Kevin that Nikki is only after his money, but Kevin does not believe it. Kevin and Benny meet a loan shark, Sweet Tee (Keith David), who gives Kevin $100,000 to go out and have fun. After her date with Kevin, Nikki secretly tries make him get her pregnant, but Kevin refuses. Nikki then reveals to Kevin that she was legally trying to get half of his money, by having a baby with him. He leaves the house angry and upset. Upon leaving the building, a man calls him from the basement window. Kevin meets Mr. Washington, a retired boxer, who invites him to his house for a conversation. The next day, Kevin attends church with his grandmother until Benny comes in and tells him that Lorenzo is looking for him and the ticket. Lorenzo comes in and is stopped by the churchgoers. Kevin tries to escape, but he's confronted by Lorenzo's crew. Sweet Tee's bodyguard saves Kevin with his gun, but Lorenzo emerges and physically breaks his hand. Then, Kevin runs to the train station with Lorenzo and his boys chasing him. Kevin leaps onto the train thinking he's safe, but Lorenzo gets on, too. However Kevin hops off before the doors close. The train leaves the station with Lorenzo on. Later that day, Kevin and Benny have an argument about the ticket which leads to them not speaking to each other. He goes to Stacey's house, and she tells Kevin that she thinks he was wrong about the entire situation. He also tells her that she is the girl for him, which leads to her getting angry and telling him to get out. He kisses her and she responds accordingly, but they are interrupted by the arrival of her mother. As Kevin leaves her house, Lorenzo knocks him unconscious and takes one of Kevin's sneakers and ticket. The following day, he wakes up in the apartment of Mr. Washington (Ice Cube), who talks with him. Kevin also takes time to reconcile with Benny. They make a scheme to fool Lorenzo that the ticket is fake, which later upsets Lorenzo. Later, the neighborhood has a block party and Kevin learns that Sweet Tee will torture him if he doesn't pay back the loan. Lorenzo arrives, defeats Sweet Tee and beats Kevin to the point where he forces Kevin to give him the fake ticket through gunpoint. Just as Kevin submits, Mr. Washington appears from behind and knocks Lorenzo unconscious, being hailed a hero to the neighborhood. Afterwards, Benny tells Kevin to give him the lottery ticket for protection and when the day came, Kevin gets the money. Months later, Kevin started his sneaker company with Benny as his CEO and Stacy as his future attorney and is implied to have paid Sweet Tee back. Not only that but he also opens a park with Mr. Washington appointed as head security and a foundation that will help the community such as fund businesses and provide scholarships. After giving a speech to the neighborhood, Kevin, Benny and Stacey board Kevin's new helicopter and fly off to work.
Oh, Mr Porter!	British	comedy	Marcel Varnel	William Porter (Will Hay) is an inept railway worker who – due to family connections – is given the job of stationmaster at a remote and ramshackle rural Northern Irish railway station in the (fictitious) town of Buggleskelly, situated on the border with the then Irish Free State. After taking the ferry from England to Northern Ireland, Porter is aghast when he discovers how isolated the station is. It is situated out in the countryside, two miles cross-country from the nearest bus stop. To make matters worse, local legend has it that the ghost of One-Eyed Joe the Miller haunts the line and, as a result, no-one will go near the station after dark. Porter's co-workers at the station are the elderly deputy stationmaster, Harbottle (Moore Marriott), and an overweight, insolent young porter, Albert (Graham Moffatt), who make a living by stealing goods in transit and swapping railway tickets for food. They welcome Porter to his new job by regaling him with tales of the deaths and disappearances of previous stationmasters – each apparently the victim of the curse of One-Eyed Joe. From the beginning it is obvious that the station is run very unprofessionally. Porter is woken up by a cow sticking its head through the window of the old railway carriage he is sleeping in (the cow has been lost in transit and is being milked by Harbottle), and the team's breakfast consists of bacon made from a litter of piglets which the railway is supposed to be looking after for a local farmer. Determined to shake things up (particularly after he is forced to deal with the irate farmer when he comes to collect his pigs), Stationmaster Porter tries to renovate the station in several ways, most sensibly by painting the entire station, but also by less conventional means – including stopping the passing express and organising an excursion to Connemara. Porter attempts to drum up business among the local people in the pub by offering tickets to this excursion, but as the locals begin to argue about where the excursion should go a fight breaks out. Porter crawls to safety in the landlord's rooms next door, where he meets a one-eyed man who introduces himself as Joe and offers to buy all of the tickets for an away game that the village football team, the Buggleskelly Wednesday, are playing the following day. But Porter is unaware that he has really agreed to transport a group of criminals who are involved in running guns to the Irish Free State. The 'football' train leaves at six a.m. the following morning, rather than the scheduled ten a.m., at the insistence of Joe and although Porter questions some of the odd packages being loaded onto the train, he accepts Joe's claim that these are in fact goalposts for the game. The train disappears as the smugglers divert it down a disused branch line near the border, and with everybody claiming that Porter has lost his mind (there is no such team as Buggleskelly Wednesday, and Harbottle points out that the local team wouldn't leave without him as he is their centre forward). Unfortunately this huge misunderstanding causes Porter to lose his job, since no one has seen the train. Then after his co-workers talk about a tunnel on a nearby disused branch line, Porter decides to head off to track down the errant engine (in hopes of getting his job back). The trio find the missing train inside a derelict railway tunnel, underneath a supposedly haunted windmill. They investigate and are briefly captured by the gun runners, but escape and climb progressively higher up the windmill until eventually they are trapped at the top. Using the windmill sails, they contrive to get down where they hatch a plan to capture the gun runners. Coupling the carriages containing the criminals and their guns to their own engine, Gladstone, they carry them away from the border at full speed, burning everything from Harbottle's underwear to level crossing gates they smash through in order to keep up steam. To keep the criminals quiet, Albert climbs on top of the carriage and hits anyone who sticks their head out with a large shovel. Porter writes a note explaining the situation and places it in Harbottle's empty 'medicine' bottle. When they pass a large station, he throws the bottle through the window of the stationmaster's office, alerting the authorities to their plight. The entire railway goes into action, with lines being closed and other trains re-routed so that Gladstone can finally crash into a siding where the waiting police force arrest the gun runners. After a short-lived celebration, in which Harbottle points out that Gladstone is ninety years old and Porter claims it is good for another ninety, the engine explodes after its hectic journey, and Porter, Harbottle and Albert lower their hats in respect.
Doctor at Large	British	comedy	Ralph Thomas	Back at St Swithin’s, Dr Simon Sparrow loses out to the self-important Dr Bingham for a job as senior house surgeon. Feeling that he has no future as a surgeon, he takes a general practice job in an industrial town. He finds that he has to do most of the work, including night calls, and is also the target of his partner’s flirty wife. He then takes a locum job with Dr Potter-Shine’s Harley Street practice, where most of the patients are dotty aristocrats and neurotic society women. Leaving after three months, he moves to a rural practice where patients pay in kind, ranging from home-grown raspberries to poached salmon. Meanwhile, Tony Benskin fails his finals – again – and travels to Ireland where he buys a very dubious medical degree. This leads to a post as private physician to a rich elderly aristocratic lady in Wiltshire. Sparrow and Benskin take a short holiday in France, where they save Dr Hopcroft, a governor at St Swithin’s, from an embarrassing incident. In return, he arranges for Sparrow and Benskin to return to St Swithin’s. Sparrow commences advanced surgical training with Sir Lancelot Spratt, whilst Benskin becomes personal physician to a rich Maharajah.
Kadri'nin Götürdüğü Yere Git	Turkish	comedy	Onur Tan	Kadri and Cem are very close friends (Kankas or blood brothers). After Cem is dumped by his girlfriend Betül, Kadri suggests that he go on a holiday to Antalya to get over it. Eventually Cem meets and falls in love with a girl named Umut. But then Betül and her new boyfriend Hakan show up at the same hotel.
Chasing Liberty	American	comedy	Andy Cadiff	Anna Foster (Mandy Moore) is the daughter of President of the United States James Foster (Mark Harmon). After Secret Service agents ruin a first date, Anna demands less supervision. For his upcoming trip to Prague, the president agrees to assign only two agents to watch over Anna, whose Secret Service codename is Liberty. In Prague, Anna and her friend Gabrielle La Clare (Beatrice Rosen) attend a concert, where Anna discovers numerous agents in the crowd. Believing her father has broken his promise, Anna eludes her protectors with Gabrielle's help. Outside the theater, she asks Ben Calder (Matthew Goode) for a ride on his motorbike. Unknown to Anna, Ben is a Secret Service agent, and he informs agents Alan Weiss (Jeremy Piven) and Cynthia Morales (Annabella Sciorra) where she can be found. When the president learns of her behavior, he instructs Ben to guard Anna without revealing his true identity, to give her the illusion of freedom with a guarantee of safety. Believing she is finally free, Anna jumps into the Vltava River naked, mistaking it for the Danube, and she and Ben climb a rooftop to watch an Offenbach opera being shown in a plaza. The next morning, Anna calls her parents. Initially relieved that his daughter is safe, the President's tone changes when he is shown photos of her undressing. Outraged at her father's tone, Anna decides she will go to the Love Parade in Berlin. She and Ben board a train, where they meet Scotty McGruff (Martin Hancock), a flighty romantic who gives them a stack of Six Million Dollar Man stickers, instructing them to post them in random places, and one day when they are unhappy, they may come across one and it will make them smile. Ben discovers that they have boarded a Venice-bound train going in the opposite direction from Berlin. In Venice, after checking in with agents Weiss and Morales—who are now growing closer romantically—Ben joins Anna and McGruff and together they explore the city. After McGruff leaves, Anna realizes he has stolen her wallet. When Anna is recognized by tourists, she and Ben flee. With no money, they tell a kind-hearted gondolier, Eugenio (Joseph Long), that they recently married against her parents' wishes. During the free gondola ride, Ben kisses Anna to hide her from their pursuers. When he learns the newlyweds have no place to stay, Eugenio invites them to his house, where they are welcomed by his mother, Maria (Miriam Margolyes). That night, thinking their kiss was heartfelt, Anna offers herself to Ben, but he rejects her advances. The next day, Eugenio drives them to the Austrian border, as Weiss and Morales show up at Maria's house and learn from Maria that Anna and Ben are married, which is then reported to Anna's parents. Upset at Ben's rejection, Anna hitchhikes a ride in a truck, leaving Ben to chase her through the Austrian countryside. Anna comes to a bridge, where she meets the Jumping Germans, a bungee jumping group. Ben arrives just as Anna is being strapped into the harness, and insists on jumping with her. Later that evening at the Jumping Germans' camp, one of the Germans asks Anna to share his tent for the night. She refuses and flirts with Ben, who rejects her advances again. Upset, she declares that she will share the German's tent after all; Ben finally admits his feelings for Anna and they spend the night together. At the Love Parade, as Ben explains his actions on the phone to his fellow agents, Anna discovers his identity. Enraged at the apparent betrayal, Anna runs off, only to be harassed by a group of men who recognize her. Ben rescues her, and Anna and her family return to the United States. While preparing for college, Anna reveals to her mother that her heart is a little bit broken. At college, with Weiss and Morales (who plan to marry) still protecting her, Anna sees a Six Million Dollar Man sticker which reminds her of her European adventure. During Christmas break Anna's father tells her that Ben resigned from the Secret Service and is working as a photographer in London. During an exchange program to Oxford University Anna visits Ben at the opera, where they kiss, reconcile, and escape on his motorbike.
Cheriya Kallanum Valiya Policum ( ചെറിയ കള്ളനും വലിയ പോലീസും )	Malayalam	comedy	Haridas Kesavan	Cheriya Kallanum Veliya Policeum tells the story of a mysterious man Sadasivan (Mukesh) who walks into a house at a village called Pancharakkara, knowing that the man of the house Kumaran (Jagadeesh) has committed suicide. Soon he becomes dear to everyone around, and is a big help to Kumaran's widow Soumini (Vidya) who has been left high and dry after her husband's demise. The whole movie has been set around a house, where a death has taken place. Everyone who could probably add to the village scenario is around; starting from the Panchayat President who sneaks around with ulterior motives in mind at midnight, to the comrade, the local tea shop owner, the tailor and the drunkard to name a few. Amidst these several caricatures, most of which serve no definite purpose, one surprisingly stands out. Kuttappan (Kochu Preman), the blind man who hops into a car to show the guests their way is an eye-opener. He is there on almost every scene and there are quite a few occasions when this diminutive man throws in some big surprises at us.The movie was a surprise hit at the box office due to its low cost and satellite revenues.
Convict 13	American	comedy	Edward F. Cline, Buster Keaton	Buster, a particularly untalented golfer plays golf one morning with a group of friends. After a disastrous start he drives his ball into a nearby river but retrieves it after it is consumed by a fish. Meanwhile a convict escapes from a nearby prison and makes his way towards the golf course as the prison guards give chase. Buster's ball is once again stolen, this time by a dog who takes it a long way from the court. Buster accidentally knocks himself after his ball ricochets off of an equipment shed and while he is unconscious, the prisoner switches clothes with him. The guards give chase and Buster attempts to escape by jumping into a passing car but it turns out to belong to the warden. Though he hastily jumps into another car, he ends up going into the jail himself. Reading the prisoner number on Buster's clothes he deduces that he is convict 13 who is scheduled to be hanged that very morning. Luckily Buster's girlfriend replaces the hangman's noose with a long elastic rope from the gym so that Buster bounces several times after the trapdoor is opened and he survives. The other prisoners are livid that they will not get to see an execution but the warden promises to hang two prisoners in the morning to make up for today's botched execution. Later that day Buster accidentally knocks out a prison guard whilst smashing rocks and steals his uniform in order to escape. At the same time a rowdy prisoner revolts in the prison yard and knocks out each of the guards one by one. Buster accidentally stumbles into the prisoner's path whilst escaping and the prisoner believes him to be another guard. Buster temporarily restrains the prisoner by closing the gate leading into the other yard but the prisoner quickly bends the bars of the gate and pursues Buster to the gallows where Buster restrains him by tying him up using the same elasticated noose used on him earlier. Buster is promoted to Assistant Warden for his bravery but the now furious prisoner instigates a riot throughout the prison. The prisoner knocks out Buster, kidnaps his girlfriend and takes her out to the yard where the prisoners have completely overpowered the guards. Buster recovers and using a punching bag which he attaches to the elasticated rope, knocks out all of the rioting prisoners by swinging it around his head as they run around the yard. Buster celebrates but he accidentally knocks himself out when he leans on a sledgehammer which propels up and hits him in the head. However the scene then cuts back to Buster lying outside the equipment shed where he first knocked himself out being woken up by his girlfriend, the events of the short are all revealed to have been nothing more than a dream.
In Her Shoes	American	comedy	Curtis Hanson	Maggie (Cameron Diaz) and Rose Feller (Toni Collette) are sisters with nothing in common but their shoe size. They were raised by their father Michael (Ken Howard) and stepmother (Candice Azzara) after their mother Caroline died in a car accident. Rose is the eldest; an ostensibly plain and serious lawyer who is protective of Maggie despite her flaws. Maggie is a free spirit who is unable to hold a steady job (due to her virtual inability to read) and turns to alcohol and men for emotional and financial support. Rose grudgingly allows Maggie to move in with her in her Rittenhouse Square apartment in Philadelphia when their stepmother throws her out of the house. Their already difficult relationship ends when Rose catches Maggie in bed with Jim (Richard Burgi), her boyfriend. This leads to an argument in which Rose berates Maggie about her inability to read, and taunts her saying that she couldn't even spell Jim's name, when Maggie calls her sister a 'fat pig'. This apparently becomes the last straw for Rose, and she tries to choke Maggie. Both of them cry, and Maggie subsequently disappears from Rose's life. A few days before, while secretly looking through her father's desk for money, Maggie discovered a bundle of old greeting cards containing cash. She was astonished to discover that the cards were addressed to both her and Rose and were from their grandmother Ella (Shirley MacLaine). Now, homeless and without job prospects, Maggie travels to Florida to find her and hopefully a new source of income. When Ella first hears from Maggie, she invites her to stay in her home. She admits to her close friend Ethel how Caroline was bipolar, and sent Ella a note several days before her death to look after her girls. So she lets Maggie stay with her partially out of guilt for abandoning her responsibilities as a grandmother. However, as time passes, Ella discovers that Maggie has come to do nothing but sunbathe and take money from her. Maggie asks Ella to finance an acting career for her; Ella agrees to match her salary dollar for dollar if she accepts a job with the assisted living section of her grandmother's retirement community. Meanwhile, Rose has decided to quit her job, become a dog-walker, and date Simon Stein (Mark Feuerstein) whom she had previously ignored. They become engaged. Maggie is befriended by one of her patients, a blind retired professor of English literature (Norman Lloyd), who has asked Maggie to read works of poetry to him.[2] She does so, but with great difficulty. After asking if she is dyslexic, the professor encourages Maggie to continue reading to him while offering emotional support to her. Maggie finds a friend in the professor, the first person in her life who does not ridicule her difficulties with reading (and actually helps her to improve in this area). As time passes with the professor, Maggie's confidence grows not only with reading but with her general image of herself. In addition, she also becomes friendly with the residents of the retirement community. In doing so, Maggie discovers a livelihood that is greatly needed among the elderly women: a personal clothing shopper, an activity for which Maggie shows enormous talent. Ella (who also does not ridicule her difficulties with math) offers to run the financial aspects of the business. In the process, they become close and resolve their history. Meanwhile, Rose's reluctance to talk about Maggie is straining her relationships with those around her, such as Simon, her father, and stepmother. While Michael remains oblivious to his daughters' falling out and the stepmother does not care much of the sisters, Simon tries to get Rose to talk about Maggie. When he sees Rose and former boyfriend Jim converse about how Rose cannot talk about Maggie to anyone, Simon's patience has grown thin and effectively dumps Rose after she keeps protecting Maggie by staying silent. Ella has also secretly contacted Rose and sends a plane ticket asking her to come for a visit. Rose is excited to hear from her long-lost grandmother, but her pleasure quickly sours when she arrives and discovers that her sister already lives there. After a long conversation with Ella, Rose reveals that after Caroline took Rose and Maggie on a spontaneous trip to New York (without Michael's knowledge), Michael and Caroline got into a huge argument, with Michael threatening to put her in a mental institution. Caroline killed herself 2 days later and sent a note to Ella, pleading with her to take care of her daughters. Maggie does not remember this as Rose shielded her from the events to protect her. Ella never recovered from Caroline's death and never resolved her feelings towards Michael; for she felt he ignored the signs that his wife had problems. The three women bond and learn to resolve their complicated past. Meanwhile, Maggie has contacted Simon telling that Rose is in Florida and in trouble and arranges him to meet Rose at the elderly residents' party. The two rekindle their engagement after Rose finally opens up about Maggie's personality and Rose's desire to protect her fearing that Simon will come to hate Maggie. Before Rose and Simon return to Philadelphia Maggie offers to pick out and buy Rose's wedding dress, as a now seasoned personal shopper she is confident that she can please Rose saying simply trust me. At Rose's wedding which takes place at the Jamaican Jerk Hut where their first date was. Ella and Michael reconcile and Maggie reads a poem[3] to Rose as a wedding gift which moves Rose to tears.
Yankee Doodle in Berlin	American	comedy	F. Richard Jones	Captain Bob White, an American aviator behind enemy lines, disguises himself as a woman in order to fool and steal an important map from the members of the German High Command, including the Kaiser himself.
And the Same to You	British	comedy	George Pollock	Stuck with the nickname Dreadnought, Dickie Marchant (Brian Rix) feels he has no choice but to pursue a career as a boxer. However, to mollify his uncle (Leo Franklyn), Rix pretends to be the soul of religiosity, while his tough-talking manager, Walter 'Wally' Burton (William Hartnell), poses as a man of the cloth.
Mumbai Express	Tamil	comedy	Singeetham Sreenivasa Rao	Three amateur thieves plot to kidnap the young son of wealthy Chettiar (Santhana Bharathi) from school. They do a trial run. However, on the eve of the kidnap, the guy whose job is to operate a crane in this plan is hospitalized. The services of Avinasi a.k.a. Mumbai Xpress (Kamal Haasan), brother of Kovai Sarala, a deaf stunt man performing daredevil bike acts, is roped in. Twists and turns take place where the other two gang members are hurt and invariably our Mumbai Xpress is left to perform the task all by himself. He kidnaps a wrong boy, Daddu (Hardhik), the illegitimate son of Ahalya (Manisha Koirala) and police officer Rao (Nassar), but manages to get a huge ransom from Chettiar by default. A brawl takes place between the original kidnap planners - Chidambaram (Pasupathy), Johnson (Vaiyapuri) and Avinasi - in handling Ahalya's child, but Avinasi delivers the child unhurt to his mother. He eavesdrops into her tele-con with Rao where Rao wants to settle both the ransom and sever his ties with her. Ahalya pleads and coaxes him to help her get the ransom which Rao is willing to pay. The child takes a fancy to Avinasi and wants him to be the man in their life, and gets him to agree (or else he would throw himself from a multi-storied building). Ahalaya wants either Rao's or Chettiar's money which Avinasi is holding, whereas Avinasi is in love and wants to be that protective person. Rao appoints Chettiar to handle the ransom and what follows is a series of mix-ups.
Carry on Admiral	British	comedy	Val Guest	In the course of a drunken reunion, two old friends (one a junior Government minister, the other a Royal Navy officer in uniform about to take command for the first time) switch clothes before passing out. Next morning, their changed clothes result in a series of cases of mistaken identity. The film follows the efforts of each to reunite himself with his own destiny.
Up with the Lark	British	comedy	Philip Brandon	During the Second World War, two incompetent female detectives, Ethel and Gracie (played by the British radio comedians Ethel Revnell and Gracie West), disguise themselves as Land Girls, with the aim of exposing the black market business that they believe a local hotel manager is running. Despite the two women's inept efforts, they eventually succeed.[2]
Cardboard Cavalier	British	comedy	Walter Forde	During the reign of Oliver Cromwell, barrow boy Sidcup Buttermeadow is unknowingly used as a spy by the exiled Charles II to pass on a message.[3]
The Mostly Unfabulous Social Life of Ethan Green	American	comedy	George Bamber	Twenty-six-year-old Ethan lives with roommate Charlotte in a house owned by his ex-boyfriend Leo in West Hollywood. Ethan has been dating former pro baseball player-turned-autobiographer Kyle Underhill for several months, so when Leo announces he plans to sell the house, Ethan starts dropping hints to Kyle that they should live together. Inexplicably, when Kyle actually asks him to move in, Ethan breaks up with him. Ethan hooks up with a younger man, Punch, who works in a real estate office. Together they conspire to delay the sale of Leo's house by convincing him to sign with the world's worst realtor, the terminally depressed Sunny Deal. However, Charlotte ends up sleeping with Sunny which knocks her out of her depression and motivates her to make the sale. Meanwhile, after a nostalgic one-night stand, Ethan has decided he wants to get back together with Leo. Unfortunately, Leo has gotten engaged to a controlling and even emotionally abusive gay Republican Chester Baer and Ethan's event planner mother has agreed to plan their commitment ceremony. In an odd moment, Leo, Punch and Kyle end up in a torrid threesome in Ethan's bedroom. Punch decides that Ethan isn't mature enough for him and dumps him. Kyle, who'd been considering taking Ethan back, abruptly changes his mind. Chester forgives Leo and they go ahead with their plans. The house sells, Charlotte and Sunny move in together and Ethan signs a lease at a local retirement community. Ethan crashes the commitment ceremony but only to give Leo his silent blessing. However, at the altar, Leo has an anxiety attack and has to be taken away in an ambulance. A few days later Ethan settles in at the retirement community and the screen fades to black with the words THE END. The screen then fades back up on Leo talking with a lady retiree. As Ethan stands nearby, Leo tells her that he gave Chester his ring back and broke up with him. Leo has realized that he still loves Ethan. He and Ethan reconcile and the film ends as they kiss.
Trouble in Store	British	comedy	John Paddy Carstairs	Norman (Norman Wisdom), a lowly stock clerk at Burridge's department store, is in love with another employee, Sally Wilson (Lana Morris), though he has been unable to muster the courage to let her know how he feels. After he antagonizes the new head of the store, Augustus Freeman (Jerry Desmonde), he is promptly fired. On his way out, Norman helps Miss Bacon (Margaret Rutherford) carry her bulging suitcases, unaware that she is an audacious shoplifter. Freeman sees Norman assisting a customer and rehires him. Meanwhile, Peggy Drew (Moira Lister), the store's personnel manager, flirts with Mr. Freeman, while plotting with her boyfriend Gerald (Derek Bond) to rob the place. Norman is fired and rehired again and again, as his escapades somehow manage to benefit the store. He also finally becomes acquainted with Sally, chasing her down through the city streets to return her purse. His antics make her laugh. After his latest firing, Norman is alarmed to find the handsome, suave Gerald trying to get to know Sally better. When he goes to the man's apartment to warn him to stay away from her, Norman inadvertently uncovers the robbery plot, scheduled to coincide with a big sale the next day. But, he is unable to get Sally or anyone else to take him seriously. Sally eventually decides to bring Norman's story to the attention of the management, but tells the wrong person, Miss Drew, and is tied up for her efforts. Norman finds her and together, they foil the thieves. Freeman takes Norman back into his employ...but not for long.
Safety Not Guaranteed	American	comedy	Colin Trevorrow	Darius Britt (Aubrey Plaza) is a disillusioned college graduate who lives at home with her widower father (Jeff Garlin) and interns at Seattle Magazine. One of the magazine's writers, Jeff Schwensen (Jake Johnson), proposes to investigate a newspaper classified ad that reads:[8] Jeff's boss Bridget (Mary Lynn Rajskub) approves of his story idea and Jeff selects his team: Darius and a man named Arnau (Karan Soni), a studious biology major interning at the magazine to diversify his resume. They travel to the seaside community of Ocean View to find and profile the person behind the ad. Jeff later reveals an ulterior motive for this assignment: to track down a long-lost love interest who lives in town. Darius discovers that the person behind the ad is Kenneth Calloway (Mark Duplass), a stock clerk at a local grocery store. Jeff's attempt to approach Kenneth alienates him, so Jeff orders Darius to make contact. Darius' disaffected attitude serves her well, and she quickly endears herself to Kenneth as she poses as a candidate to accompany him on his mission. While Kenneth is paranoid and believes that secret agents are tracking his every move, Darius gains his trust as she participates in a series of training exercises in the woods around his house and begins to develop feelings for him. She tells Kenneth about losing her mother when she was young and that her mission is to prevent it. Kenneth says his mission is to go back to 2001 and prevent the death of his old girlfriend Belinda, who was killed when someone drove a car into her house. Meanwhile, Jeff tracks down Liz (Jenica Bergere), his fling from his teenage years; although she is not as attractive as his memories of her younger self, they reconnect and sleep together. He asks her to come back with him to Seattle, but she believes this is just another fling for Jeff, so she refuses. Upset by her rejection, Jeff takes Arnau out on the town and they pick up some young women. Jeff tells Arnau to not waste his youth and convinces him to spend the night with one of the women. The next morning, Jeff receives a phone call from Bridget, who has been following up the team's notes on the story; she informs him that Belinda (Kristen Bell) is still alive. During an interview, Darius learns Belinda was only friends with Kenneth and that Kenneth had driven into her then-boyfriend's house, but no one was injured. After the interview, Darius is questioned by two government agents who have been following Kenneth and believe that he may be a spy because of his communication with government scientists. Darius returns to Kenneth's house to confront him about Belinda, but Kenneth rationalizes that his time traveling must have worked. Jeff then comes in to warn them that the government agents are also on the property. Kenneth panics and runs into the woods. Darius follows him and finds Kenneth has boarded his time machine, which has been integrated into a small boat. Darius apologizes for lying to Kenneth, tells him everything else they shared was real, and joins him on the time machine. Kenneth tells Darius that his mission has been updated, saying he now wants to go back for her. As Jeff, Arnau, and the two government agents watch, Kenneth activates the time machine and it disappears, along with himself and Darius.
School for Scoundrels	American	comedy	Todd Phillips	Roger (Jon Heder) is a downtrodden meter reader, subject to ridicule from co-workers and regular denizens, who dreams of dating the foreign graduate student who lives in his building, Amanda (Jacinda Barrett). To overcome his lack of self-esteem, he signs up for a course taught by Dr. P (Billy Bob Thornton) where Roger and his classmates are constantly bullied by Dr. P and his assistant Lesher (Michael Clarke Duncan), who likes to use outrageous and unethical methods on them, including humiliation. Some tasks they are required to do are quite cruel and primitive – like the task to start a conflict or even a fight with somebody they meet just to prove they are fearless. However, nobody intends to quit the course because Dr. P says he won't give a refund of $5,000 to anyone who quits or disobeys the orders given to them. The classmates even warn Roger that Dr. P will destroy him if his progress is too fast, just like he has done to one of his former students. While participating, Roger begins to develop a sense of personal pride and finally asks Amanda for a date where he uses tricks he learned during the course. Wanting to prove that he's still got his edge, Dr. P starts competing with Roger for Amanda. He approaches her with a false story that he is a successful and child-loving surgeon whose wife has died, and Amanda, who is a voluntary caretaker for animals, is immediately attracted and starts dating him. When Roger begins to see what's happening, he decides to take action to get Amanda back, although his actions are futile. After a competitive tennis match in which Roger humiliates him, Dr. P enlists the talents of Roger's classmates to break into Amanda's apartment and paint graffiti on the walls so he could frame Roger as a stalker. Roger uses his authority as a meter reader to impound Dr. P's car, and in retaliation Dr. P gets Roger fired from his job. Roger learns of Dr. P's plans for Amanda, from Lonnie (Ben Stiller), a depressed former student, whose girlfriend was also led astray when he was humiliated by Dr. P. Lonnie shows Roger a fascicle full of evidence that Dr. P is a fraud, who uses multiple identities and false stories to attract or distract his victims. After learning that Dr. P invited Amanda to Miami, Roger is determined to stop him once for all. He heads for the airport where Dr. P tells him he is a winner and grants him two tickets – one for him and one for Amanda. However, Roger at first doesn't know that Dr. P has sent him to the wrong gate. After realizing he was again tricked by Dr. P, Roger heads to the right gate and boards the plane to Miami in the last moment. With the aid of Lonnie and classmates, he finally exposes Dr. P's duplicity, it's revealed that Dr. P isn't a doctor or surgeon (he wanted to use a defibrillator on Roger who just fainted, but was truly faking) and that his wife is still alive. Amanda finally realizes she was wrong and returns to Roger. When meeting Roger after some time, Dr. P grants him a diploma for passing his course – the first diploma ever issued by him. He also invites Roger to attend one of his future courses as a guest, but Roger refuses. The film closes with a summary of what happened to most characters after the film's events.
Soul Plane	American	comedy	Jessy Terrero	Nashawn Wade (Kevin Hart) has a horrible experience with a typical airline: his dog Dre was classified as a checked baggage instead of a carry-on, he eats a horrible airline meal, his buttocks gets stuck in the toilet during turbulence, and Nashawn's dog is sucked through a jet engine (after a stewardess accidentally opens the cargo door). In response, he sues the airline and is awarded $100,000,000 by the jury. He decides to use the money to start his own airline, called N.W.A. (Nashawn Wade Airlines), whose acronym and logo are a pop culture reference to rap group N.W.A. The airline specifically caters to African Americans and hip hop culture. The terminal at the airport is called the Malcolm X terminal, the plane is a heavily modified Boeing 747SP, customized with low-rider hydraulics, spinners, blended winglets to compensate for the drag from the decorations, and a dance club. The safety video is also a spoof of the Destiny's Child song Survivor. After taking off from Los Angeles International Airport, Nashawn must deal with a multitude of problems, starting with his acrophobic captain, Captain Mack (Snoop Dogg). At a cruising altitude of Flight Level 330, it is revealed that he has never left the ground because he learned to fly on computer simulators in prison. Meanwhile, his cousin Muggsey (Method Man), sets up a miniature casino and strip joint in one of the areas of the plane (as seen in the workprint and unrated versions of the film), and Nashawn's ex-girlfriend is on board and less than happy to see him. Meanwhile, the Hunkee family, the only caucasian passengers on board, must also deal with their own problems; Elvis Hunkee's (Tom Arnold) daughter is turning eighteen and plans to use her newfound freedom by drinking and having sex, his son has transformed from an exact duplicate of him to a stereotypical wigger, and his wife has found a new interest in black men after viewing pictures in a pornographic magazine. The pilot seemingly dies after eating mushrooms that the co-pilot, First Officer Gaemon (Godfrey), uses to soothe his genital crabs. Nashawn attempts to contact Gaemon, who is incapacitated after slipping near a hot tub, forcing Nashawn to attempt to land the plane himself. Nashawn lands the plane safely, using the airplane stewardess' (Sofía Vergara) flight knowledge which she learned while having sex in the cockpit with the pilot on another plane. The plane lands in the middle of Central Park instead of John F. Kennedy International Airport, and the spinners are stolen from the plane. Nashawn reconciles with his ex-girlfriend after earlier revealing to her that he only broke up with her so she would not give up her college opportunities for him. The movie ends with Nashawn telling the audience the fate of his crew. He claims that he and his ex-girlfriend are back together taking their relationship slow this time around, his cousin Muggsey has started a strip club and gambling casino located in another airplane similar to the club in Nashawn's plane, Elvis Hunkee has begun a sexual relationship with one of the abrasive airline security guards (Mo'Nique), and Elvis Hunkee's son has become a major music video director but has disappeared shortly after filming a Michael Jackson video. The pilot later wakes up with both his chain and clothing stolen.
Fast and Loose	British	comedy	Gordon Parry	An unmarried couple are forced to adopt a series of pretexts when they stay at a country inn together with only one spare room.[1]
 Caffeine	American	comedy	John Cosgrove	The staff and customers of the cafe get an extra jolt with their coffee when a commitment-shy man has a public fight with his angry ex-girlfriend, instigating a series of revelations about the eavesdropping couples nearby and their own unusual relationships; filled with eccentric personal conversations, confrontational arguments, imaginary visions, and connections between various characters.
Evil Bong	American	comedy	Charles Band	Nerdy college student Alistair McDowell (David Weidoff) moves in with law school drop-out Larnell (John Patrick Jordan), typical surfer-stoner Bachman (Mitch Eakins) and former baseball player Brett (Brian Lloyd). During Alistair's stay, Larnell sees an ad for a large bong, in which the previous owner claims it was possessed. After receiving the bong and all taking a couple of hits (with the exception of Alistair, who doesn't smoke), Brett introduces Alistair to his girlfriend Luann (Robin Sydney) and her friend Janet (Kristyn Green), on whom Alistair develops a crush. Later that night, Bachman wakes up in a strip club where he meets Ooga Booga and Ivan Burroughs. He's introduced by one of the strippers (Kristen Cladwell) who has skull heads on the cups of her bra. When he comes near the bra, the skull heads start biting him in the neck and he bleeds to death. The next morning, the other roommates find Bachman dead on the couch. Alistair tells to them that it's probably from the weed that came with the bong. Larnell also notices that the bong has changed. The trio then hide his body underneath a pile of trash in the basement, after nearly getting caught by Larnell's paralyzed-but-wealthy grandfather, Cyril (Jacob Witkin), who came by to tell Larnell that he just got remarried. Later on, the bong (voiced by Michele Mais) starts speaking to Larnell (to Larnell only, no one else hears) and tempts him to take a hit out of her. After doing so, he ends being in the same strip club as before. Here he sees Bachman (who seems to be fine), the Gingerdead Man, and his grandfather. Eventually a stripper gives Larnell a lap dance, and he's killed in a similar way that Bachman was killed. Back in the real world, Luann and Janet come over to play Trivial Pursuit. After playing the game, the group (again with the exception of Alistair) take a hit from the bong. After Brett and Luann pass out, they wake up in the same strip club and they're greeted by Jack Attack, and Luann is taken away by the bouncer. Brett is then treated by another stripper (Brandi Cunningham), who happens to be Brett's ex-girlfriend Carla Brewster. She eventually uses her lip-cupped bra to bite off Brett's genitals, killing him. Meanwhile, when Alistair starts figuring out what's going on, Janet falls prey to the bong and passes out. A man named Jimbo Leary (Tommy Chong) randomly enters the room and proclaims that the bong is his. He also explains that the bong (named Eebee) has a voodoo curse on it and that once you take enough hits from it, it brings you to the Bong World (the strip club) and kills you. In order to save Janet, Alistair takes a hit from the bong and is instantly sent to the bong world. Meanwhile, Jimbo tries destroying the bong with a hammer, chainsaw, and (resorting to drastic measures) a bomb. Eebee unleashes marijuana smoke from her bong, causing Jimbo to inhale and pass out. Meanwhile, in the Bong World, Eebee forces the strippers to seduce Alistair, but he breaks them off. During his search, he bumps into Jack Deth. Once he finds a stoned Janet, Eebee reveals her motives: to control the world by turning everyone into stoners by turning the air into pot smoke and the oceans into bong water. They take vitamins (that Jimbo gave them) to make them sober again. Jimbo, who has just got sucked into the bong world, tells them to go ahead and escape while he takes care of Eebee. Jimbo comes up to Eebee and shows Eebee the time bomb now strapped to his chest. Jimbo activates the bomb and blows up Eebee and apparently Jimbo himself. Back in the real world, Alistair and Janet wake up, with Larnell, Brett, Luann, and Bachman coming back to life. Jimbo, however, has been killed, along with the bong, which is now shattered into pieces. Alistair and Janet remember what had happened previously in the Bong World, but the rest of the group doesn't seem to remember right away. The last scene shows that Jimbo is now the king of the Bong World.
Son of the Mask	American	comedy	Lawrence Guterman	A decade after the events of the first film, Dr. Arthur Neuman is giving a tour of the hall of Norse mythology in Edge City Museum. When Dr. Neuman reaches the part concerning Loki's mask, a man in black becomes increasingly anxious. Dr. Neuman mentions that Loki created the mask and unleashed it on Earth, and that those who wear the mask would have the powers of Loki. When Dr. Neuman mentions that Loki was imprisoned by Odin, the stranger becomes very angry and transforms, revealing himself to be Loki. The tourists panic and flee, but Dr. Neuman stays to argue with the angry god. Loki takes the mask, but realizes it is a fake. In anger, he removes Dr. Neuman's still talking face from his body and puts it on the mask stand, before getting rid of the guards and storming out of the museum in a whirlwind of rage. Meanwhile, the real mask, which was thrown in the river by Stanley Ipkiss and Tina Carlyle at the end of the previous film, makes its way to a town called Fringe City, not far from Edge City, and is found by a dog named Otis - who belongs to Tim Avery, an aspiring cartoonist at an animation company, is feeling reluctant to become a father. He has a beautiful wife, Tonya, and a best friend, Jorge. On a tropical island, Loki is relaxing until Odin confronts him and orders his son to find the mask. Loki asks Odin to help him, but Odin tells Loki that this is his mess and he has to clean it up. Later that night, Tim puts on the mask for a Halloween party, transforming into a party animal similar to the mask character from the first film. When the company party turns out to be a bore, Tim uses his mask powers to perform a remix of Can't Take My Eyes Off You, making the party a success, and giving Tim's boss the idea for a new cartoon, resulting in his promotion the next day. Tim returns to his house and, while still wearing the mask, conceives a baby. The baby, when he is born, has the same powers as Loki. Meanwhile, Loki is trying to find the child born from the mask, as his father Odin, possessing a store clerk, tells him if he finds the child, he will find the mask. Later, Tonya goes on a business trip, leaving Tim with the baby. Tim, who has been promoted at work, desperately tries to work on his cartoon at home, but is continuously disrupted by baby Alvey. In order to get some peace and quiet, Tim lets Alvey watch TV, which shows Michigan J. Frog. Alvey devilishly obtains the idea to mess with his father's head by using his mask powers. Meanwhile, Otis the dog, who has been feeling neglected by Tim because of Alvey, dons the mask by accident and becomes a crazed animal version of himself, who wishes to get rid of the baby, but all his attempts are overturned by Alvey. Tim starts to notice his son and dog's wild cartoonish behavior when Alvey starts harassing him. Eventually, Loki finds the mask-born baby, and confronts Tim for the mask back, but is thwarted again and again by Alvey who uses his powers to protect his father. Eventually, Odin becomes fed up with Loki's destructive approach and strips his son of his powers. A seemingly-deranged Tim is later fired after failing to impress his boss during a pitch, but is able to reconcile and bond with Alvey. Loki, still determined to please his father, manages to complete a summoning ritual and appeal to Odin to restore his powers. Odin agrees, but only for a limited time, stating this as his last chance. Loki then kidnaps Alvey to exchange for the mask, but decides to keep him despite the exchange, forcing Tim to don the mask again to fight Loki. The subsequent confrontation is relatively evenly matched due to Loki and Tim-in-the-Mask possessing equal powers, prompting Loki to halt the fight, and suggest that they let Alvey decide who he wants to live with. Although Loki tries to lure Alvey to him with toys and promises of fun, Tim wins when he removes the mask and asks Alvey to come back to him using the human connection he has forged with his son. Saddened and enraged, Loki tries to kill Tim, but his time has run out and Odin appears in person. Odin disowns Loki, calling him a failure, and begins banishing Loki, but Tim confronts the powerful Norse god and tells him that the most important thing in life is a relationship with your family, and Odin accepts Loki as a son, accepting the mask from Tim as well. Tim's cartoon, based on his own experiences of a boy and a dog competing for the father's attention (with Jorge playing the father via motion capture performance), is a hit, and Tonya reveals that she is pregnant again before the film closes.
The Ugly Duckling	British	comedy	Lance Comfort	Henry Jekyll (Bernard Bresslaw) is a bungling, awkward and socially inept buffoon working in his uncle's pharmacy. One day he discovers an old formula created by his uncle which claims to turn 'a man of timid disposition into a bold, fearless dragon'. He eagerly mixes the formula, takes one drink, and is transformed into the suave, dashing and self-confident Teddy Hyde. Teddy immediately becomes a darling of society and a big hit with the ladies. However he also craves the thrill of becoming a master criminal, and recruits a gang of expert crooks to join him in carrying out a series of daring and ambitious jewel robberies. The formula wears off, and Teddy changes back into Henry, who is appalled at the crimes committed by his alter ego. Feeling overcome with guilt, he turns coppers' nark and helps the police to round up and capture the robbers who have evaded them for so long.
The Long Weekend	American	comedy	Pat Holden	Cooper is an actor who sees life as one big party, while Ed is in advertising and takes life too seriously. When Ed gets stressed over a deadline he has to meet, Cooper works to get his brother hooked up with a girl, thus a long weekend of stress and beautiful women, culminating in Ed's meeting, and making love to, the woman of his dreams- and all without his brother's meddling.
Petticoat Camp	American	comedy	Unknown	Only lasting 15 minutes, it is a light-hearted comedy about the battle between the sexes as several married couples go on a camp-out together. The women soon realize that the men expect them to do perform all of the work while they relax, leading to several comedic situations.
Mere Dad Ki Maruti	Bollywood	comedy	Ashima Chibber	The plot is set in Chandigarh, where a wedding is about to take place at the Khullar House, and father Tej Khullar (Ram Kapoor) has bought a new Maruti Ertiga car as a wedding gift for his daughter & would-be son-in-law. A few days before the wedding, his college going son, Sameer (Saqib Saleem) who the father thinks is good for nothing, secretly takes the car out to impress the hottest girl in college, Jasleen (Rhea Chakraborty). After dropping Jasleen at her hostel and in a drunk state, he loses the car by accidentally giving the keys to a person who Sameer thinks is a valet. As soon as he realises that the valet doesn't have the keys and he had lost his car, he and his best friend Gattu (Prabal Panjabi) go on an all night search to find the car. The next day they get an Ertiga model (test drive) to the house to show Sameer's father that the car was still in the garage. They also meet a car dealer Pathan (Ravi Kishen) and agree to purchase a stolen Ertiga from him. Pathan promises them to give the car the very next day. To ensure that there is a car in the garage in the night, they take another Ertiga on rent from a Jat family and bring it home. The day before the wedding, Sameer returns Ertiga and in the night goes to meet Pathan along with Gattu and Jasleen. While at Pathan's place, a police raid happens and the three barely manage to escape. Pathan's assistant calls Sameer telling him to take the car but it's a trap set by the police and Sameer ends up in jail. On the morning of the wedding, Sameer explains to the cops what happened but the cops insist on meeting his father. Sameer informs his sister who sends her fiancee to bail out Sameer. While this is happening, a cop informs the police control room that an Ertiga is being stolen by a gang using a tow truck. A chase ensues and police catch the thieves and hand the car back to Sameer. After the wedding ceremony, Sameer manages to get the car back decorated and behaves as nothing has happened. But a few minutes later, Gattu brings another Ertiga to Sameer's home and so does Jasleen, leaving everyone shocked and confused as there are three Ertigas. Sameer then confesses to his father in the presence of everyone what happened over the past few days. His dad loses his temper, chides him but then forgives him and all are happy. The audience comes to know that Gattu had won a contest where the 1st prize was a Maruti Ertiga and since Jazleen had saved a Jat family member's life by taking him to the hospital on time, the Jat family gifts the car to her in gratitude.[3]
Enough Said	American	comedy	Nicole Holofcener	Eva, a masseuse and the divorced mother of a teenage girl, attends a party in Pacific Palisades with her friends, married couple Will and Sarah. There she meets a poet, Marianne, and Will introduces Eva to one of his friends, Albert. After the party, Albert asks Will for Eva's number and, although hesitant since she is not physically attracted to him, Eva agrees to go on a date with Albert, which goes well. Marianne contacts Eva for a massage, and after taking an immediate liking to one another they become friends. Eva finds herself growing fonder of Albert and they have lunch with his teenage daughter, Tess, who, like Eva's daughter Ellen, is graduating from high school and moving away to attend college. A few days later, Eva goes to her massage appointment with Marianne and realizes that Albert is Marianne's ex-husband after Marianne tells a story about how he manages to pick out onions when scooping salsa — the same story Albert had told Eva, but about guacamole. Tess then arrives at the house and Eva's suspicions are confirmed. Marianne tries to introduce Eva to Tess, but Eva hides behind a tree to avoid the meeting. Eva continues seeing Albert, keeping her friendship with Marianne a secret; likewise, she does not tell Marianne that she is seeing him. Eva encourages Marianne to voice her complaints about Albert so she can identify potential problems in her relationship with him. At the encouragement of Eva, Sarah and Will invite her and Albert to a dinner party, which ends badly after Eva nitpicks over Albert's faults, which upsets him. At another appointment with Marianne, Eva is exposed when Albert arrives to drop Tess off. He is angry that Eva kept her friendship with Marianne a secret, and breaks up with her. Eva and her ex-husband take Ellen to the airport for her flight to college. A few months later, on Thanksgiving Day, Eva drives by Albert's home and stops in front of the house on her way to pick up Ellen from the airport. He sees her and she awkwardly waves. He eventually comes outside, to Eva's surprise, and sits with her on the porch while they begin to renew their relationship.
Actress	Russian	comedy	Stanislav Govorukhin	A no longer young divorced woman is not lucky in life. Anna is a theater actress, but is offered only minor roles. In her personal life she is lonely. Anna meets an interesting man and between them there is love. She is offered a good role and must choose between her career and love.
The Church Mouse	British	comedy	Monty Banks	The opening scenes show the historical development of Steele's Bank in London as it adopts first steel pens and then typewriters during the nineteenth century. In 1934 the current head of the bank Jonathan Steele is as technology-obsessed as his predecessors and installs an intercom and constantly flies by plane. Steele strictly divides his life between work and pleasure. He dismisses a very attractive secretary who is distracting him by trying to seduce him at work, in order that they can become lovers after office hours. This creates a vacancy which a hard-pressed young woman Betty Miller who self-describes herself as a church mouse fills by showing Steele how super-efficient she is. Miller rapidly becomes invaluable to Steele, but comes to resent the fact that only sees her as an employee rather than a woman. While in Paris, to seal a major business deal she has a major makeover, and suddenly finds herself attracting a great deal of male attention.
It's a Great Day	British	comedy	John Warrington	A builder has problems with his local council in getting supplies vital to complete his housing estate. He turns to local criminals to provide the service, which leads to a police investigation.
Club Dread	American	comedy	Jay Chandrasekhar	Pleasure Island is a resort off the coast of Costa Rica, owned by famous musician Coconut Pete. Staff members Rolo, Stacy, and Kelly sneak into the jungle to have sex. They are ambushed by a masked figure, who stabs Rolo to death. The killer chases the girls through the jungle. The killer pushes Kelly off a cliff and decapitates Stacy before she can reach help. The resort staff remain unaware of the killings until Carlos' body is found behind the kitchen. Dave relates a story about a former employee who lost his mind and murdered his fellow staff members; though Pete insists it's a story made up to scare guests around the campfire, the mounting death toll suggests otherwise. Putman alerts the others when he finds Cliff murdered in a hedge maze. A message left by the killer suggests that he is targeting only the staff. All communication devices and transportation have been stolen or destroyed. Hank, a former FBI agent, convinces the staff to continue with their jobs and allow him to catch the killer. Yu remains intent on warning the guests, despite warnings not to do so from the killer. When she lures the guests to the beach to make the announcement, she is attacked by the killer. Hank intervenes, but the killer slashes his throat and turns on Yu. Their bodies are found the next day. The staff begins to suspect one of the guests, Penelope. Juan, believing her innocent, tries to eliminate her as a suspect. Putman disappears into the jungle after having a nightmare. Sam and Dave find a shrine of photos of Lars and his friends, in which all of the faces except Lars' have been replaced with Pete's; suspicion turns on Lars and the staff lock Lars in a room. The killer electrocutes one of the guests, causing a power failure. Putman returns, and he and Jenny deduce that Lars is not the killer, but Lars has escaped. When Pete is found dead, the staff members turn on each other. Jenny tries to convince the group that they must work together to survive until the shuttle from the mainland returns for the guests. They reject this and split into smaller groups. Dave manages to restore the electricity. Jenny and Lars are drawn by music to the electricity hut where they find Dave's severed head. Putman is next to be killed. During a party in the nightclub, Jenny and Lars discover Dave and Putman's bodies. The guests see the corpses and a panic ensues. Penelope, Juan, Lars and Jenny find Sam's apparently lifeless body in a mud bath. While they consider their next move, Sam leaps from the bath with a machete and grabs Lars. Sam reveals that he wanted to kill everyone on the island because Pete had intended to sell the island to the military, but decided to give the island to Dave. Jealous, Sam decided that Dave would mismanage the resort and destroy it. Lars grabs the machete, allowing the others to escape. Penelope is lost among the party-crazed guests, and Jenny and Juan lock themselves in the nightclub. They see Sam drowning Penelope in a large tank. Juan smashes the tank and rescues Penelope. Sam prepares to kill them, but Lars appears and stabs Sam. Sam pursues Lars, Jenny, Penelope, and Juan as they escape through the jungle. Cornered on a cliff, they jump to the water below. They find the resort's damaged boats, and try to cobble together enough working parts to leave the island. Sam appears and kills Juan, then attacks Jenny and Penelope. Lars overcomes Sam, and Sam is bisected by a rope attached to the power boat. As they motor away, Sam's lower half continues to pursue them despite his fatal wounds.
Scapegoat	Turkish	comedy	Cenk Özakıncı	Şahin K. is a wealthy and famous (or, rather, infamous) man who is discontented with his life. All he wants is to leave behind his past in Germany, wipe the slate clean and start leading a normal, low profile life in the southwest coastal town of Bodrum. In the meantime, he is also trying to win back his estranged son, who turned his back on him years ago because of his infamous career. However, as Şahin K. strives to win back his son, he unwillingly becomes a local hero to whom the entire town turns to get their problems solved.
His Lordship	British	comedy	Michael Powell	Cheerful Cockney Bert Gibbs inherits a title from his father and becomes Lord Thornton Heath. But then he meets up with movie star Ilya Myona and when his mother asks about her, Bert implies they are engaged. After some adventures with some dubious Russian types Bert's girl Lenina eventually wins him back.
Let's Get Skase	Australian	comedy	Matthew George	After the collapse of his massive Qintex business empire, Christopher Skase flees to the Spanish Island of Majorca, leaving angry creditors high and dry. Enter Peter Dellasandro, a fast-talking con man and failed entrepreneur who sees the Chase For Skase as a potential gold mine. Dellasandro convinces the Creditors Board that he's the only man with the ability and recklessness to undertake the task demanded by his country: the kidnapping of Christopher Skase. But not everyone is convinced, especially Danny D'Amato, the fiery son of the Creditors Chairman. Suspicious of Dellasandro, the two form an uneasy alliance as Dellasandro sets out to recruit the ego-centric TV host Eric Carney into his scheme, until seasoned mercenary Mitch Vendieks warns Dellasandro that Carney is planning a kidnap plot of his own. Determined to beat Carney to the punch, Dellasandro and Danny join forces with Mitch to form their own team, recruiting the inept Sean Knight, mendacious getaway driver Dave Phibbs and cynical intelligence ace Rupert Wingate, who soon discovers that Skase is devising a deadly scheme to resurrect his business empire across Europe. With time running out, Dellasandro and the boys head for Majorca and track Skase to his sprawling mansion, confronting the devious businessman. The team is outnumbered by Skase's Security Guards and thus cannot manage to kidnap him. However, they make out with several computer discs which contain sensitive documents revealing Skase's plan to bust out Qintex. The information at hand is enough evidence for the Australian Government to make compensation payments to the Qintex Creditors Boardmembers.
April Fool	Malayalam	comedy	Viji Thampi	Rakesh Menon (Siddique) is a music producer (a publisher in Veber's script) married to a singer (played by Navya Natarajan). Rakesh and his friends get together every Friday for a party. In this party, they invite idiots to ridicule them behind the scenes and calling them talent. They enjoy doing it so much that they don't even mind missing out on family appointments. One of Rakesh's friends (played by Asokan) meets Krishnanunni (Jagadish), an Income Tax Inspector (a Finance Ministry employee in Veber's script), on a bus trip and decides that he could probably be a source of entertainment for Rakesh. Rakesh promptly calls Krishnanunni and invites him for dinner. Krishnanunni is a talkative self-promoting singer (in Veber's script, passionate in building replicas of landmarks with matchsticks) who carries with him a photo album showcasing his musical life. He is excited at the prospect of meeting a music producer which might help advance his career as a singer. Krishnanunni is kind-hearted and wants to help everyone but he also has the ability to mess things up for people around him. He can be annoying to the person who is sitting next to him but he makes it a funny experience for everyone else watching him. Friday arrives but Rakesh accidentally falls into a swimming pool and gets injured (a golf injury, in Veber's script). His back is sprained badly and is restricted from moving around. Rakesh knows that he will not be able to make it to the party but still decides to meet Krishnanunni to see how good or rather bad he is. Before Krishnanunni arrives at Rakesh's residence, Rakesh's wife leaves after an altercation with Rakesh. When Rakesh asks Krishnanunni to call his family doctor, he accidentally calls Rakesh's girlfriend. Rakesh asks Krishnanunni to leave his home for all the mess he has created. Rakesh tries to get information regarding his wife's whereabout. Krishnanunni offers to help and calls Rakesh's wife's previous boyfriend Sarath (Biju Menon) under a false identity. Instead, he ends up giving Rakesh's Landline number that makes it obvious to Sarath that Rakesh is trying to get all details. Sarath tells Rakesh that his wife might have gone to a party hosted by a sex-freak. It turns out that a colleague of Krishnanunni, played by Jagathy, an Income Tax Inspector Grade 1 (a tax auditor, in Veber's script), knows the whereabouts of this person. Jagathy is an eccentric character who loves to watch cricket and is an ardent fan of Sachin Tendulkar. While trying to mend the relationship between Rakesh and his wife, she tells Krishnanunni that he was called by Rakesh to make a fool of him and have fun at his expense. This hurts Krishnanunni, but the good-hearted Krishnanunni still wants to help Rakesh by letting her know how sorry Rakesh is because of his acts and how much he loves her. Krishnanunni does so by calling Rakesh's wife, who had been involved in a car accident after leaving the apartment for the second time (the first time being when Krishnanunni had sent her away thinking she was really Rakesh's ex-girlfriend), and makes no mistakes in this conversation, as well as making up near perfect excuses on the spot and with no prompting. After encouraging Rakesh's wife to return home, Krishnanunni makes yet another mistake after he picks up the telephone when she calls to talk to Brochant despite having previously told her he was in a phone booth.
Love & Friendship	American	comedy	Whit Stillman	In the 1790s, the recently widowed and relatively young Lady Susan Vernon seeks a suitably wealthy match for her only daughter, Frederica, and a similarly wealthy husband for herself, in order to renew the state of her fortunes. After being unceremoniously turned out of the Manwaring estate due to her dalliance with the married Lord Manwaring (pronounced Mannering), she and her companion Mrs. Cross head to Churchill, the country home of her brother-in-law, Charles Vernon and his wife, Catherine Vernon (née DeCourcy). Lady Susan frankly discusses her plans during visits to her trusted friend, Mrs. Johnson. Catherine and her brother, Reginald DeCourcy, are aware of Lady Susan's long-standing reputation as a determined and accomplished flirt. But under the influence of the amiable but dull Charles, Reginald agrees to keep an open mind, and soon finds himself enchanted with Lady Susan. When Reginald's father, Sir Reginald DeCourcy, catches wind of this, he travels to Churchill to warn Reginald against marrying Lady Susan lest the family name be sullied. But Reginald says their relationship is not romantic. However, it is not long before he and Lady Susan have reached an understanding. Meanwhile, Lady Susan's daughter, Frederica, who has been attending a boarding school which her mother cannot afford, runs away and is then expelled. Frederica arrives at Churchill and, shortly thereafter, is followed by Sir James Martin, a man who is both very wealthy and very foolish. For example, upon arrival at Churchill, he explains that he struggled to find the estate as he had been looking for church hill, a church and/or a hill. Later, he mentions the Twelve Commandments and when told there are only ten, he wonders which two should be disregarded. While in London, Lady Susan's relationship with Lord Manwaring suddenly explodes into scandal. Lady Manwaring discovers that the illicit lovers are meeting in private and appeals to her guardian, Mr Johnson, to confront them. He refuses, and Reginald arrives with a letter from Lady Susan to Mrs Johnson, which Lady Manwaring snatches and reads. The contents reveal Lady Susan asking her friend Mrs Johnson to keep Reginald busy while she (Lady Susan) is with Lord Manwaring. Narrowly missing a departing Lord Manwaring, Reginald confronts an unruffled Lady Susan, who tells him that they cannot be married after all. After returning to his sister's home, Reginald DeCourcy falls in love with Frederica, and the two are married. It then transpires that Lady Susan has married Sir James, who confides to Mrs. Johnson his joy at the prospect of becoming a father, having been informed on the day after his marriage that his new wife was with child. Sir James goes on to speak fondly of his newfound friend and long-term house-guest, Lord Manwaring, who was invited to stay by Lady Susan, and with whom he shares a love of hunting. Lord Manwaring, says Sir James, is someone who always enjoys hunting game of whatever merit, both large and small.
Chal Dhar Pakad	Marathi	comedy	Atmaram Dharane	Somewhere in Maharashtra is Vaitagwadi, a small lost village. The village is under serious financial issues, it has a school but no chalks for the black board, there is a Dispensary but no doctors, villagers have land but in the name of Bhujangrao Patil. Character named Bhujangrao Patil is very passionate about the game of Kabaddi, for which the entire village is under the sage of fear. If any one dares to go against him or refuses to obey his orders, Bhujangrao Patil declares a game of Kabaddi to an ill-fated result. Bhujangrao Patil's wife Komal used to have the slimmest body before she got married. Today, Bhujangrao has replaced Komal with Champa as he hates even the sight of his obese wife. To regain her self-respect and her rights, Komal takes a vow to challenge and defeat Bhujangrao in the game he is so proud of, Kabaddi.
The Knockout	American	comedy	Charles Avery	Pug, a down-and-out hobo, is talked into pretending he is Cyclone Flynn, the boxing champion, and entering the ring for a fight. When the real Cyclone shows up, Pug ends up having to trade punches with him instead.
Jeff, Who Lives at Home	American	comedy	Jay and Mark Duplass	Jeff (Segel) is a 30-year-old unemployed stoner living in his mother Sharon's (Sarandon) basement in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. He looks for his destiny in seemingly random occurrences. He finds inspiration in the feature film Signs, which reinforces his belief in this outlook. One day, he answers the telephone; it's a wrong number, from somebody asking for Kevin, and Jeff contemplates the meaning of this, deciding it's a sign. Receiving a call from his irritated mother asking him to buy wood glue to fix a door shutter or find a new place to live, Jeff boards a bus, where he sees a kid wearing a sports jersey bearing the name Kevin. He follows Kevin (Ross) to a basketball court, where he joins a pick-up game and the two bond. Jeff agrees to smoke weed with Kevin, but discovers he has been tricked when he is beaten and mugged. He happens upon a Hooters restaurant where he crosses paths with his older brother Pat (Helms), a successful yuppie struggling with a failing marriage. Pat's wife Linda (Greer) is spotted at a gas station across the street with another man. Jeff and Pat spend several hours following them, first to a restaurant and later to a hotel, with Pat's new Porsche being ticketed, crashed and eventually towed away at various points in the journey. The brothers also visit their father's gravesite and fight over their conflicting life philosophies. Jeff sees a truck reading Kevin Kandy and runs off to hitch a ride, only to end up at the same hotel where Pat has found Linda in a room with another man. Jeff offers to break down the door. The man is a co-worker of hers named Steve (Zissis). Linda quickly ushers Steve out and then confronts Pat about his role in their problems. Frustrated, she leaves, saying she will move in with her mother. Jeff and Pat reconcile. Jeff explains how he is struggling to find his destiny in life, while Pat admits he wants to fall in love with Linda again and for her to do the same with him. Jeff encourages his brother to tell her that, and they hail a taxi to pursue her. Interspersed within the main story is the story of Sharon, who is at work, frustrated with her unfulfilled life and dissatisfaction with her sons. The doldrum is interrupted when a paper airplane with a beautiful drawing of a flower lands in her cubicle, followed by an anonymous co-worker claiming in an IM message to be a secret admirer. Sharon spends the day trying to deduce the identity of her admirer. She confides her frustrations to colleague and friend Carol (Chong), revealing that she has not dated since her husband's death. Carol encourages her to warm up to the attention she is receiving. Sharon is surprised and confused when the admirer turns out to be Carol herself, and though neither believe themselves to be attracted to their own gender, Carol appeals to Sharon's desire to become close with someone who truly understands her. At that moment, a fire alarm goes off and ceiling sprinklers activate; this is an enlightening moment for Sharon who sets off with Carol on a spur of the moment trip to New Orleans. Jeff, Pat, Linda, Sharon, and Carol all converge on a bridge, where they are stuck in standstill traffic. Pat exits the taxi and runs through the traffic to tell Linda how he feels, passing Carol's car; Sharon sees her son and runs after him, followed by Carol. As Jeff muses to the cab driver about seeking out his destiny only to find it isn't very exciting, he observes a helicopter flying overhead, jumps out of the taxi and also runs through the traffic, passing Pat, who was sharing his feelings with Linda when they were interrupted by the arrival of Sharon and Carol. Jeff continues onward to discover that the cause of the traffic is an accident in which one car plummeted over the side of the bridge. He dives into the water and rescues two children and their father; when Jeff then fails to resurface Pat dives in and rescues him. The group reconciles after the ordeal, and the audience sees Sharon celebrating her birthday and Pat and Linda apparently faring better in their marriage. Jeff sees a news report about his heroics and learns that the father of the kids he rescued was also named Kevin; now with a sense of purpose, he grabs some wood glue and fixes the door shutter.
The Property Man	American	comedy	Charlie Chaplin	Charlie is in charge of stage props and has trouble with actors' luggage and conflicts over who gets the star's dressing room. Small caricatures on the wall indicate both the stars and the head of what can only be Charlie Chaplin with the word PROPS below. Once the dressing-room issue is resolved the next issue is getting everyone on stage with the correct backdrop. The order of performance, all of which is seen is: The Goo-Goo Sisters, billed as comediennes; two young girls dancing Garlico and his Feets of Strength (sic); a strong-man aided by his beautiful assistant who gets knocked out just before she goes on stage, allowing Charlie to step in. Sorrow a drama performed by a man and woman. During the performances we see the audience reaction throughout, ranging from delight to booing. Backstage Charlie and an old man fight, often disrupting the on-stage performances. The audience also breaks into a fight, and a hose brought out behind the scenes ends up squirting over them.
 Angst	Australian	comedy	Daniel Nettheim	Angst tells the story of a group of horror film devotees living in Sydney's King's Cross. There's Dean (Sam Lewis), a cynical, sexually frustrated video store employee with a bad case of unresolved love. Then there are his flatmates Ian (Justin Smith) and Jade (Jessica Napier) - Ian works in an adult bookstore, waiting for his break as a stand-up comedian, whereas Jade doesn't work at all, content to smoke pot and watch videos while she can still get away with it. Wandering into our characters' lives is street kid Mole (Luke Lennox), who challenges Jade's lifestyle by stealing the trio's trusty VCR, and the alluring May (Abi Tucker), a goth chick on whom Dean develops an over-the-counter crush. It has been described as an Australian version of Kevin Smith's Clerks and Mallrats with the same Dark humor as SubUrbia.
