Intimate Relations	British	drama	Charles Frank	Crisis in a middle-class family when the son falls in love with his father's mistress. Family ties are stretched to breaking point, and the mother fears she'll lose her son as well as her husband.
Praying with Anger	American	drama	M. Night Shyamalan	Indian American Dev Raman (M. Night Shyamalan), who was raised in the United States, returns to his native country to spend a year as part of a college exchange program. He is initially reluctant, but his mother insists and he respects her wishes. While there, he discovers that his cold and distant father, now deceased, carried a quiet and profound affection towards him.[1] While he is in India, he receives guidance from his friend Sanjay (Mike Muthu). As the visit progresses, Dev ignores Sanjay's suggestions, and the interaction between Indian and Western cultures quickly precipitates into misunderstanding and violence.[2] Dev realizes that one may pray to the deities of the Hindu pantheon in almost any emotional state except indifference. As he explores his past and sees the miscommunication between the two cultures, Dev is overwhelmed and finds himself only able to pray with anger.
Hazaar Chaurasi Ki Maa	Bollywood	drama	Govind Nihalani	Dibyanath Chatterji, his bank-employed wife, Sujata, and youngest son, Brati, live an affluent existence in Calcutta, West Bengal, India, circa early 1970s. Sujata is a quiet, devout Hindu, religious, and compassionate woman, and Brati has finished his school and is now attending college. His parents are proud of him, and keep track of his progress. Then their world is shattered during the early hours, when they are informed by the police that Brati has been killed. Dibyanath and Sujata go to identify Brati's body, mourn, lament inconsolably. They know now that their lives will never be the same again - for by the police they will be called the mother and father of corpse No. 1084. Sujata struggles to understand Brati's passing, meets his friends one by one, comes to know that Brati had a girlfriend, Nandini Mitra, and that's when she finds out that Brati was part of a rebel group often referred to as Naxalite, a militant leftist group. As she delves deeper and deeper into Brati's former life, she begins to understand her son's struggle, and decides to continue to further this.
White Fang 2: Myth of the White Wolf	American	drama	Ken Olin	When Jack Conroy goes to San Francisco, he leaves his wolfdog White Fang with his friend, Henry Casey. The two immediately form a bond, but enter trouble when washed up on shore while sailing to bring their gold into town. Meanwhile, a local Native American, Moses, has a dream about White Fang and his niece Lilly. He said that Lilly will guide them to find the wolf from this dream, whom he believes will help save the starving tribe. Lilly sails to the river and hears White Fang barking. She runs to find the source, and sees White Fang, but White Fang suddenly disappears, and Henry appears in his place, leading Lilly to believe that the wolf had changed into Henry. She rescues Henry from the river and brings him back to her home. When Moses tells Henry that he is the wolf, Henry said he's not, and that the wolf was his friend, leading to laughter from the crowd. Meanwhile, White Fang was left at the river, but managed to save himself. As he makes his way through the wilderness to find Henry, White Fang finds a wolf pack that he follows for a short time. He ultimately decides not to join them, and continues his journey. Henry goes back to town. He sees many hungry people, and Reverend Leland Drury explains the poor state the town is in. The same day, White Fang spots Lilly's village, and when Lilly sees him, she calls her uncle to show him that it was the wolf she'd seen by the river the day she found Henry. As Moses tries to get a closer look, White Fang is startled and runs away. The next day, Henry decides to go back to the village, and gives Lilly a white cloth as a gift. White Fang, hiding in the forest, spots the wolf pack again, and a female wolf decides to come over and play with him. That night, as he is with the tribe, Henry hears White Fang howling. Henry runs into the forest, calling for White Fang. He finds a wolf, and thinking it's White Fang, calls to him, only to nearly be mauled by what turns out to be the wild female. White Fang intervenes, and Henry is happily reunited with his friend. He tries to get White Fang to follow him back to the village, only to find him hesitating because he doesn't want to leave the female. Henry understands, and is going to leave to two wolves, but White Fang decides to join Henry anyway. When he goes to sleep that night, Henry dreams a similar dream to the one Moses had earlier, but this time including Henry himself. Moses gives Henry a bow and arrows sends him to the forest to practice his hunting skills. His first shot misses, but surprisingly another arrow hits the target perfectly. When he calls for whoever is there to themselves, the mystery archer is revealed to be Lilly. She shows him how to use the bow with extreme accuracy. Peter, Moses's son, and Henry practice their hunting together. Henry, now romantically interested in Lilly, asks Peter how he can impress her. Peter tells him to whisper in her ears, then reveals he was joking, and that if he tried that, she would probably break his nose. Moses allows Peter to hunt with Henry. When Lilly's aunt asks her husband what will happen next, he says that one of the men will not come back. Lilly tries to get her uncle to let her join Henry's hunt, but Moses replies that she's a woman, and she can't hunt. When the time comes, Henry, White Fang and Peter go into the forest, and Lilly grabs her bow and secretly slips into the forest to join them. Henry and Peter find the bodies of the previous hunters who never returned. After Henry is almost wounded by a trap, Peter goes to examine the body of one of the hunters, and is suddenly killed by a bullet. Henry and White Fang escape, being chased by the madman. Henry falls into another trap and is nearly killed by the man. He is saved by the timely arrival of Lilly, who shoots a fiery arrow in the man's direction, causing him to run away. Afterwards, Lilly gets Henry out of the trap, and they continue on their way rejoined by White Fang. Upon arriving at the hunting grounds, they find the path blocked and they cannot reach the herds. They make to go back only to find themselves falling into a hole, which turns out to be the entrance to a mine. They discover Reverend Drury is behind the blockade, as he is running an illegal mining operation. They decide to steal some dynamite to clear the path, but along the way Henry spots the Reverend, and in anger over his betrayal tries to shoot him. Lilly stays behind to give Henry time to escape, and she is captured by Leland's men. Henry escapes the mine, and White Fang defends him from the remaining miners while he sets the dynamite. The explosion clears the path and frees the animals. Henry and White Fang go back to save Lilly. As White Fang holds off Reverend Drury, Henry frees Lilly, and they make to escape. The screw on the carriage comes loose, sending the carriage careening towards a cliff as the horses run off. Henry and Lilly jump clear before they go over, and Reverend Drury catches onto the cliff edge. The Reverend is shocked to find the animals running free. Before he can do any more harm, he is stepped by the very animals he had imprisoned. Henry and Lilly retrieve White Fang, and return to the village with him. They find Lily's aunt and uncle, who are grateful Lilly is safe, but are also heartbroken at the loss of Peter. Some time later, Lilly gives Henry back his gold, stating Henry can leave now. As Henry prepares to leave, the village thanks him for saving them from starvation. Just as he's about to leave, Henry spots Lilly wearing the white cloth he gave her. Lily and Henry embrace, while White Fang's mate emerges from the trees. White Fang is seen running towards her, and they welcome each other. Three months later, White Fang and the female wolf have a litter of pups. Henry and Lilly arrive at the den and are greeted warmly by the small family.
The Family Way	British	drama	Roy Boulting	Following the wedding of young, virginal Jenny Piper (Hayley Mills) to sensitive, bookish cinema projectionist Arthur Fitton (Hywel Bennett), a rowdy reception is held at a local pub in their Lancashire town. The couple return to the Fitton home to spend their first night together, prior to leaving for a honeymoon in Majorca – only to find Arthur's father Ezra (John Mills) leading the drunken singing with some party guests in the living room. Arthur clashes with Ezra, a lifelong gasworks employee who doesn't understand his son's enjoyment of reading and classical music. After a strained evening, the newlyweds finally retire, only for their marital bed to collapse as the result of a practical joke played by Arthur's boorish boss, Joe Thompson (Barry Foster). Jenny laughs at the situation, but Arthur imagines she is laughing at him and then is not able to consummate their marriage. Arthur assures Jenny that all will be well once they get to Majorca, but the next day the couple discover that the travel agent who sold them their tickets has absconded with the money, resulting in them missing their honeymoon. Unable to obtain a home of their own, Jenny and Arthur have to continue living in the crowded Fitton house with Arthur's parents and adult brother Geoffrey, where the thin walls and lack of privacy exacerbate Arthur's discomfort. As days pass into weeks, the marriage remains unconsummated, and the strain between the couple steadily worsens, not helped by Arthur's job keeping him away from the house at night, when Jenny is home from her day job. Jenny begins to go out socially with Geoffrey, who is attracted to her, although she puts off his advances. After a plea from Jenny, Arthur visits a marriage guidance counsellor, but his visit is overheard by a gossipy charwoman who spreads the story. Eventually, Jenny confides in her mother and Jenny's parents visit Arthur's parents to tell them. Lucy (Marjorie Rhodes) reminisces to the Pipers how Ezra took Billy, his close male friend since childhood, along on their honeymoon and spent more of his time with Billy than with her. Later, Lucy tells Mrs Piper of the evening she spent alone with Billy when Ezra was working late, which immediately preceded the abrupt disappearance of Billy from their lives, with no explanation. Jenny also confides in her Uncle Fred and he advises her that Arthur's problem would likely be resolved if she and Arthur lived in their own home instead of in Arthur's father's house. When Joe Thompson, aware of the gossip, makes fun of Arthur and scornfully volunteers to satisfy Jenny's marital needs, an enraged Arthur starts a fight and batters him, and then walks out on his job, returning home to berate Jenny for disclosing their private affairs. Arthur and Jenny have a quarrel that finally leads to sex – overheard by the many gossipy neighbours in the gardens under Arthur's open window. The couple then find out that the Association of British Travel Agents (ABTA) bond has returned their holiday money, and they get ready to rush off for a belated honeymoon in Blackpool. Before they go, Arthur, encouraged by his mother, asks his father for help with the down-payment on a cottage that has just become available. Ezra gladly agrees to provide the money, to build a better relationship with Arthur, whom he tearfully calls son. After Arthur leaves, Ezra ingenuously remarks how much Arthur looks and acts like the long-gone Billy, and Lucy moves to comfort him.
Sindoor	Bollywood	drama	Kishore Sahu	Pandit Shivprasad Tiwari, a wealthy contractor, lives in a big house in Lucknow. His family consists of his mother Daadi Maa, his second wife called Maaji by everyone, and his two sons Beni (Kishor Sahu) and Ratan (Sushil Sahu). He also has a daughter who is married. Ratan is the son from the second wife and stepbrother to Beni. He has been spoilt by Maaji, who has always treated Beni different to Ratan. Beni grows up to be kind and considerate to the needy. Meera (Shamim), a young widow with a small boy, lives with her mother, known as Maasi, who is distantly related to the Tiwari family. Maasi brings Meera to live with the Tiwari family. Soon, a relationship develops between Meera and Beni, which causes extreme alarm in the family and society. The shocking notion that the relationship may lead to a widow remarrying, is handled sensibly by the patriarch of the family, who gives consent for the two to marry.
Hammer Bay	Australian	drama	Ben Briand	When a documentary crew arrive one morning asking questions about the recent violent beachside murder of Amanda Blakely, teen beauty and drama pet, a captivating study into the minds and psyche of the sleepy town unfolds. The lines between the observant film crew, interview participants and police begin to blur, as family members, friends and strangers all start to demonstrate one common thread, everyone is hiding something.
Give Us This Day	British	drama	Edward Dmytryk	Geremio is an Italian bricklayer living with his family. The film depicts how Geremio and his family endure the struggles of living in Brooklyn during the Great Depression.
Bridesmaids	American	drama	Lila Garrett	Four great friends come together after a 20 years estrangement to find their once-innocent gang were no more.
Train of Events	British	drama	Sidney Cole, Charles Crichton, Basil Dearden	The film opens with a long shot of a Liverpool-bound train waiting to depart from Euston station in London. The train leaves with various characters on board. After dark, the train is still travelling north at speed when a light being waved by the trackside is seen by the driver. He applies the brakes, but a road tanker stalled across a level crossing is looming up just ahead. Plainly, there is not enough room to stop. Just as the collision is about to occur there is a fade out, which is succeeded by a general view of the railway locomotive sheds at Euston, three days earlier. Several personal stories are then told in a series of flashbacks which make up the train of events referred to in the title. The first story, The actor, is about Philip (Peter Finch), an actor on board the train who has a dark secret. He has been visited by his estranged wife, and in a tense scene set in his lodgings we learn that she has been unfaithful while he was serving in the Army. She jeers at him, and he is roused to one supreme effort of revenge, strangling her while a gramophone plays These Foolish Things. The theatre party to which he belongs is travelling on the train, en route to a tour of Canada. Also on board is a costume hamper, which contains the body of his wife. He is hoping to lose it somehow on the transatlantic crossing, but two suspicious detectives have been tracking him, and are on board the train too. The second story, The Prisoner-of-War, is about Richard (Laurence Payne) and Ella (Joan Dowling). He is a former prisoner of war on the run, who hates the idea of returning to Germany. They have endured a miserable life of subterfuge in a succession of seedy lodgings, and Ella is hoping that they can start again on the other side of the Atlantic. However, Ella has stolen money from her landlady's cashbox to pay for the journey, and there was only enough for one of them to emigrate. Selflessly, she intends that it will be him. The third story, The Composer, is the tale of composer Raymond Hillary (John Clements), who is travelling to a performance away from London with his star pianist, the temperamental Irina (Irina Baronova). Although married, he has a string of dalliances behind him, and Irina is the latest of these. The fourth story, The Engine Driver, takes place at the front of the train, centred on engine driver Jim Hardcastle (Jack Warner). He is facing his own crisis, because he is a candidate for a job in management at the locomotive sheds. This would take him off the footplate and allow him to work office hours for the first time in his career, which is the heartfelt wish of his wife Emily (Gladys Henson). However, to protect his daughter's future husband when he was accidentally absent, Jim illicitly worked the younger man's shift, and this innocent deception could cost him the promotion. The film then returns to the train, which is roaring through the dark of the evening. Again, there is the light by the track, and the tanker just ahead – but this time, we see the whole collision. The derailed and damaged train is lying in ruins. Jim Hardcastle groggily recovers consciousness in a pile of coal from the overturned tender, and shocked passengers wander about. One of them is Richard, the prisoner of war on the run, but his Ella isn't walking. She is on a stretcher and evidently badly hurt, and dies before she can be taken away for treatment. Richard runs from the scene (and the attending police), unaware of the steamship ticket in Ella's handbag, which blows away across the tracks. Philip, the actor who has murdered his wife, seems unhurt and tries to make a dash for freedom. But as he tries to evade the detectives who were on board, he runs dangerously close to the wreckage, and an unstable coach collapses on top of him. Irina and Raymond, the pianist and the composer, are only bruised, and their company is able to continue with their performance, albeit in bandages. There is a happy ending for driver Jim. The final scene shows him waving goodbye to his wife, as he prepares to cycle across to the locomotive sheds on his first day in that nine-to-six job.
The Anniversary	British	drama	Roy Ward Baker	One-eyed Mrs. Taggart is an emasculating woman whose husband, a successful building contractor, has been dead for ten years. Joining her for the traditional annual celebration of her wedding anniversary are her three sons: eldest Henry is a transvestite; middle son Terry is planning to emigrate to Canada with his shrewish wife Karen and their five children; and youngest Tom, a promiscuous philanderer whose many past relationships have ended at his mother's insistence, arrives with his pregnant girlfriend Shirley in tow. Throughout the day and evening, the domineering, evil, vindictive, manipulative matriarch does everything in her power to remind her children who controls the family finances and ultimately their futures.
Achanak	Bollywood	drama	Naresh Malhotra	Wealthy industrialist Yashpal Nanda (Saeed Jaffrey) is widowed, and lives with his daughter, Nisha (Pinky Singh), and two sons, Vijay (Rahul Roy), and Arjun (Govinda). He gets Nisha married to Nilesh (Dalip Tahil), while Vijay gets married to Madhu (Farah Naaz), and Yashpal is on the look-out for a suitable bride for Arjun. Arjun lives a charmed life, surrounded by the family he loves and working at his family's thriving business. Then he meets Pooja (Manisha Koirala), and his life gets even better. The two quickly fall in love. Yashpal is overjoyed and happy with Arjun's choice and cannot wait for them to get married. The Nanda family's world gets turned upside down when Nisha and then Vijay pass away suddenly, leaving the family devastated. Pooja is mistakenly convicted of murder, and Arjun must save her while he keeps up his family responsibilities, but his father soon meets a cruel end as well. The police arrive on the scene to arrest Arjun for murder. Now, on the run from both the police and the mysterious criminals, Arjun and Pooja work to expose the truth while evading a fate at the hands of either.
Written By	Hong Kong	drama	Wai Ka-Fai	Lau Ching-Wan plays a lawyer who dies in a car wreck just before answering his daughters question about ghosts, leaving behind his wife, daughter and son. To console herself, his daughter (blind from the crash) writes a novel where she, her mother and brother have died in a car wreck but her father(but blind) has survived. To her surprise, the character of her father in her book decides that HE needs to write a novel to console himself and in his novel he has died but his wife and daughter have lived...and on and on in an endlessly recursive loop, as wounded characters desperately apply fiction to try and dull the sharp edges of their grief. [1]
The Pleasure Garden	British	drama	Alfred Hitchcock	Jill, a young dancer, arrives in London with a letter of introduction to Mr. Hamilton, proprietor of the Pleasure Garden Theatre. The letter and all her money are stolen from her handbag as she waits to see him. Patsy, a chorus girl at the Pleasure Garden, sees her difficulty and offers to take her to her own lodgings and to try to get her a job. Next morning Jill is successful in getting a part in the show. Her fiance, Hugh, arrives with a colleague called Levet. Hugh and Patsy become very close while Jill is being pursued by a number of rich men, eventually breaking up with Hugh in order to begin a relationship with the wealthy Prince Ivan. Not long after this, Hugh is sent to Africa by his company. Jill moves out of the lodgings she shares with Patsy and becomes more involved with the Prince. As she becomes more successful and used to the rich and famous lifestyle she also becomes more dismissive of Patsy, shunning her and eventually seeing her as a commoner. As Patsy laments the loss of her friend, she is comforted by Levet who convinces her to enter into marriage with him. The couple honeymoon in Italy before he leaves to join Hugh in Africa. After some time Patsy finally receives a letter from her husband in which he says he has been sick for weeks. Patsy is determined to go to take care of him and asks Jill to lend her the fare. Jill refuses as she is preparing for her marriage to the Prince and has no money to spare. Patsy is able to borrow the fare from her landlords Mr and Mrs Sidey. When she arrives at her husband's bungalow, she finds that he is having an affair with a local woman and leaves. Levet tries to drive the woman away but when she refuses to leave him, follows her into the sea and drowns her. Meanwhile, Patsy has found that Hugh really is very ill with a fever and stays to take care of him. Hugh has since discovered from a newspaper that Jill is to marry the Prince and he and Patsy soon realize that they love each other. Levet finds them together and accuses Hugh of making advances to his wife. Patsy agrees to follow Levet back to his bungalow in order to save Hugh. During the night, Levet is stricken with guilt and paranoia over the murder of his mistress and begins seeing ghostly visions of her. Levet becomes convinced that the ghost of his mistress will not stop haunting him until he murders Patsy too. Levet corners Patsy with a sword but he is shot dead before he can kill her. Hugh and Patsy find consolation with each other and return to London.
Jalsaghar	Bengali	drama	Satyajit Ray	Jalsaghar depicts the end days of a decadent zamindar (landlord) in Bengal, and his efforts to uphold his family prestige even when faced with economic adversity. The landlord, Biswambhar Roy (Chhabi Biswas), is a just but other-worldly man who loves to spend time listening to music and putting up spectacles rather than managing his properties ravaged by floods and the abolition of the zamindari system by the Indian government. He is challenged by a commoner who has attained riches through business dealings, in putting up spectacles and organising music fests. This is the tale of a zamindar who has nothing left but respect and sacrifices his family and wealth trying to retain it.
Kaalpurush	Bengali	drama	Buddhadeb Dasgupta	The film tells the story in a non-linear fashion, with two timelines being depicted simultaneously. Rahul Bose has a dysfunctional marriage with Sameera Reddy who has an extra-marital affair.. Rahul tries to reconnect with his long-lost father (played by Mithun Chakraborty), while Sameera dreams of breaking free of her stifling domestic life. Rahul is considered as a failure both in professional and personal lives. However, an honest and simple man, he clings to simple joys of life and memories of his childhood. The back-and-forth movement of the story between two timelines (the present day and Rahul's childhood) and the arrangement of the sequences make Mithun a mystery man—he could be dead, alive, or, just a figment of Rahul's imagination. The film begins as Mithun follows Rahul as the later returns home from a day's work. Rahul is shown to be a doting father, but a failed husband. Mithun then starts to tell his own story. He had a happy family with wife (Laboni Sarkar) and the adolescent son Sumanata. A past flame of Mithun, played by Sudipta Chakraborty, incidentally arrives in the village (as a part of a masked dance troup) and meets Mithun. At one unrestrained moment, she tries to seduce Mithun. Mithun tries to resist. However, Mithun's wife, Laboni, sees a glimpse of them in a compromising situation. Laboni, pained by the betrayal, decides to leave Mithun, with their son in tow. While a devastated Mithun becomes a footloose traveller, their son bears the scar for the rest of his life. Back to the present, father and son come face to face to heal old wounds. Battling the brunts of a society that defines success too materialistically, Rahul also continues to relive his childhood memories. His wife, Sameera, meanwhile flies to the United States to spend an extended holiday with her brother's family settled there. She writes several travelogues. Rahul suddenly meets his father one day in a Calcutta street. He spends a memorable day with his father, reliving their memories, as well as discussing many aspects of life. Suddenly, Mithun disappears. Rahul's wife returns from USA, and tells him that she has been in an extra-marital relationship for long, and their children are actually not fathered by Rahul. Rahul says he knows everything, and still love their children. Soon, Sameera leaves Rahul. Rahul continues to live with their children. Towards the end of the film, Rahul again has a talk with his father, Mithun. Mithun tells him that many things in life remain unsaid, untouched. Mithun goes on to tell that after Mithun's wife, Laboni, left him, he wandered off to many places, finally one day, committing suicide. So, at the end, viewers understand that their suspicion was true that Mithun and all the talks between Rahul and Mithun were nothing but the imagination of Rahul's sensitive mind. Rahul continues to be a doting father. The film has several fantasy-like characters appearing several times. The old flute-seller, Idrish, and his son, Abdul, are such a pair of characters. Rahul once met them in his childhood. However, the duo appears several times in the film, especially in the moments when there is a voice-over of Mithun, or when Rahul is reliving some old memories. Masked troupes of village dancers also make several appearances.
ID	British	drama	Philip Davis	John (Reece Dinsdale), an ambitious young police officer, is sent undercover to join a violent football firm associated with the fictitious club Shadwell Town to track down the 'generals' - the shadowy figures who orchestrate the violence. His team of four gradually ingratiates itself into the lives of The Dogs, the nickname that Shadwell's fans give themselves. The main site for this is The Rock, a public house around which The Dogs' lives revolve. Gradually, the hard drinking, hard fighting macho culture - where Saturday's match and Saturday's fight are all that matters - proves strangely irresistible to John and he slowly finds himself becoming one of the thugs he has been sent to entrap. His relationships with his wife, his superiors and even his team become strained, and eventually his wife returns to her parents' house and rebuffs his attempted reconciliation. The police operation is abruptly wound up for budgeting reasons, just as it seems John is making progress in identifying those who pull the strings. The closing sequence shows a shaven-headed John taking part in a racist march, having become nothing more than a neo-nazi fascist. One of his team approaches him to try help him, but is rebuffed, John saying that he is, again, working undercover. There is a degree of ambiguity, and it might be that he is working undercover, though it may also be that he has become deluded and has merely mired himself in an even less pleasant world. His fascist chanting at the very end makes it clear that whatever the truth, John is unable to prevent himself from sinking into his character. The film features the fictitious teams of Shadwell Town and Wapping FC. The locations the teams are based on are real – they are neighbouring areas on the northern bank of the River Thames in London's traditional East End. It is believed that Millwall F.C was the inspiration for one team,[1] as the clubs' fans had a long standing reputation for violence during the period which the film represents.[citation needed] A sequel, with the title of ID2: Shadwell Army was released in August 2016. It was directed by Joel Novoa, and was written by Vincent O'Connell.
The Tenth Man	British	drama	Brian Desmond Hurst	George Winter (John Lodge) is a self-made businessman and M.P., who lets nothing stand in the way of his ambition. Whenever Winter meets a rival who can't be bought, he destroys them through methods both legal and underhand. His wife Catherine (Antoinette Cellier) is intent on divorce, but with the scandal potentially damaging to his election campaign, Winter blackmails her into staying with him. Then, Winter meets his 'tenth man': Jim Ford (Clifford Evans), a victim who refuses to be silenced by threat or bribery, who has the power to expose one of Winter's shady gold mine deals, and bring his house of cards crashing down.
Crash Drive	British	drama	Max Varnel	Paul Dixon is an international racing driver severely depressed after being paralysed from the waist down in a crash. He seems to have lost everything, including his will to live. His estranged wife Ann returns to him in the wake of the accident and attempts to cure him of his despair.[3]
Tunes of Glory	British	drama	Ronald Neame	The film opens in a Battalion officers' mess of an unnamed Highland Regiment in the early post-war era. Major Jock Sinclair (Alec Guinness) announces that this will be his last day as commanding officer. Sinclair, who had been in command since the battalion's colonel was killed in action during the North African campaign during the Second World War, is to be replaced by Lieutenant Colonel Basil Barrow (John Mills). Although Major Sinclair led the battalion throughout the remainder of the war, Brigade HQ considered Barrow to be a more appropriate peacetime commanding officer. Barrow arrives early and observes the battalion's officers (including Sinclair) dancing rowdily. Barrow and Sinclair briefly swap their respective military backgrounds. Sinclair joined the regiment as an enlisted bandsman and rose through the ranks, winning the Military Medal and Distinguished Service Order during the war. Barrow by contrast came to the regiment directly from Oxford University, his ancestors having been colonels of the regiment before him – although he served only for a year with the regiment back in 1933 before being posted to special duties. When Sinclair humorously tells of the time he was briefly thrown in Barlinnie Prison for being drunk and disorderly (also in 1933), Barrow rather reticently mentions his experience as a prisoner in a Japanese POW camp. Sinclair dismissively assumes Barrow received preferential treatment being an officer (officer's privileges and amateur theatricals) and sat out the war, but in fact Barrow is deeply psychologically scarred after being tortured by the Japanese but does not tell Sinclair who not-so-privately resents the fact that he is being replaced by a stupid wee man. Meanwhile Morag (Susannah York), Sinclair's daughter, is observed illicitly meeting an enlisted piper (John Fraser). Barrow immediately passes several orders designed to instil discipline in the battalion that Sinclair had allowed to slip. Particularly controversial is an order that all officers take lessons in Highland dancing in an effort to make their customary rowdy style more formal and suitable for mixed company. However the unchanged energetic dancing of the officers, led by a drunken Sinclair at Barrow's first cocktail party with the townspeople, incites his anger. An outburst by Barrow only further damages his own authority. Tensions come to a head when Major Sinclair publicly assaults the uniformed piper he discovers with his daughter – bashing a corporal as he put it. Barrow decides an official report must be made, meaning an imminent court-martial, even though he is aware the action will further erode his popularity and authority within the battalion. Barrow is eventually persuaded to back down by Sinclair, who promises Barrow that Sinclair will support him in the future (We'd make a good team.). The decision further undermines his authority, as Sinclair's promised support never materializes, and the other officers, notably Captain Alec Rattray (Richard Leech), treat him with a renewed lack of respect. The second in command, Major Charlie Scott, with glacial cruelty, implies that it is Sinclair who is really running the battalion, because he forced Barrow to dismiss the charges against him. Alienated now from both Sinclair's clique and the officers who formerly supported him, Barrow commits suicide. With the colonel's death, Sinclair realises he is to blame. He calls the officers to a meeting and announces plans for a grandiose funeral fit for a field marshal, complete with a march through the town in which all the tunes of glory will be played by the pipers. When it is pointed out how out disproportionate the plans are to the circumstances, especially given the manner of the colonel's death, Sinclair insists that it was not suicide but murder. He tells everyone he himself was the murderer and the other senior officers were his accomplices with the exception of the colonel's adjutant. Sinclair suffers a nervous breakdown and is escorted from the barracks while the officers and men salute as he passes during the closing scene.
Romantic Heaven	South_Korean	drama	Unknown	Three seemingly disconnected people cross paths at a hospital: Part one, Mom, focuses on the character of Mimi, whose mother is battling cancer, and needs a bone marrow transplant if she is to have any hope of surviving. With great difficulty, doctors identify a potential donor, but then the man goes into flight after being accused of murder. Hoping to find him, Mimi becomes acquainted with the police detectives assigned to his case. Part two, Wife, concerns a lawyer named Min-gyu who has recently lost his spouse. Amidst his grief, he is distracted by the fact that he can't find a bag that she had brought with her to the hospital, and which contained her personal diary. In the meantime, he is visited by an ex-convict who has a score to settle. Part three, Girl, focuses on Ji-wook, a taxi driver whose grandfather is on the verge of death. One day his grandmother tells him that for all of his life, her husband has been unable to forget a young woman he met in his youth. It is in part four, Romantic Heaven, that the various threads are brought together and ultimately resolved. As fate would have it, their counterparts are gazing down upon their loved ones from heaven, dealing with their own version of remorse and regret.[4][6][7]
The First Offence	British	drama	Herbert Mason	A wealthy doctor's rich and spoiled son, Johnnie Penrose joins a gang of car thieves in France after being denied a car by his father.
Shadow	South_Korean	drama	Na Woon-gyu	The story is a melodrama concerning a young woman, played by Yun Bong-choon, who is abused by her stepmother and half-sister. After her stepmother expels her from her home, she stabs her stepmother.
The Daytrippers	American	drama	Greg Mottola	Eliza (Davis) discovers a love letter that may prove that her husband (Tucci) is having an affair, so she decides to go to New York City and confront him. Her family, including her sister, Jo, and her live-in boyfriend, Carl, as well as her parents, Jim and Rita, go along for the ride in the family station wagon from Long Island.
Guilty by Suspicion	American	drama	Irwin Winkler	David Merrill (De Niro), a director in 1950s Hollywood, returns from abroad to find that a rising tide of McCarthyism and the Red Scare has led to his not being allowed to work in films. He will only be allowed to direct once he implicates colleagues as Communist agents. He must decide whether to turn informant, or to stick to principle at the cost of his life's work.
There Ain't No Justice	British	drama	Pen Tennyson	Tommy Mutch (Jimmy Hanley) is a garage mechanic and small-time boxer. With his family in financial difficulty he needs to find money in a hurry. As luck would have it he meets boxing manager Sammy Sanders (Edward Chapman). Sammy assures Tommy he can get him lucrative main event bouts. Tommy is promoted as the next boxing star which is reinforced with a series of convincing wins. However, Tommy discovers that the bouts were fixed by a gambling syndicate. He realises now that he has been set up by his manager and is expected to take a fall. He has little choice but to go-ahead but needs to come up with a plan. One that will guarantee a financial return for his family while also hitting the syndicates in the pocket.
The Quare Fellow	British	drama	Arthur Dreifuss	The play is set in Mountjoy Prison, Dublin. The anti-hero of the play, The Quare Fellow, is never seen or heard; he functions as the play's central conceit. He is a man condemned to die on the following day, for an unmentioned crime. Whatever it is, it revolts his fellow inmates far less than that of The Other Fellow, a very camp, almost Wildean, gay man. There are three generations of prisoners in Mountjoy including boisterous youngsters who can irritate both other inmates and the audience and the weary old lags Neighbour and methylated martyr Dunlavin. The first act is played out in the cramped area outside five cells and is comedic, sometimes rather like an Irish episode of Porridge. After the interval, the pace slows considerably and the play becomes much darker, as the time for the execution approaches. The focus moves to the exercise yard and to the workers who are digging the grave for the soon-to-be-executed Quare Fellow. The taking of a man's life is examined from many different angles: his fellow prisoners of all hues, the great and the good and the prison officers. The play is a grimly realistic portrait of prison life in Ireland in the 1950s, and a reminder of the days in which homosexuality was illegal and the death penalty relatively common (35 people were executed between 1923 and 1954, about one every 10½ months). The play is based on Behan's own prison experiences, and highlights the perceived barbarity of capital punishment, then in use in Ireland. The play also attacks the false piety in attitudes to sex, politics and religion.
 Looking for Grace	Australian	drama	Sue Brooks	The story follows Grace as she runs away from home to the Wheatbelt of Western Australia. Her parents hire a private detective in an attempt to find her.[6]
To Live	Chinese	drama	Zhang Yimou	In the 1940s, Xu Fugui (Ge You) is a rich man's son and compulsive gambler, who loses his family property to a man named Long'er. His behaviour also causes his long-suffering wife Jiazhen (Gong Li) to leave him, along with their daughter, Fengxia and their unborn son, Youqing. Fugui eventually reunites with his wife and children, but is forced to start a shadow puppet troupe with a partner named Chunsheng. The Chinese Civil War is occurring at the time, and both Fugui and Chunsheng are conscripted into the Kuomintang during a performance. Midway through the war, the two are captured by the revolutionary army and serve by performing their shadow puppet routine for the revolutionaries. Eventually Fugui is able to return home, only to find out that due to a week-long fever, Fengxia has become mute and partially deaf. Soon after his return, Fugui learns that Long'er did not want to donate any of his wealth to the people's government, and so Long'er decided to burn all of his property. No one helps put out the fire because Long'er was a gentry. He is eventually put on trial and is sentenced to execution. As Long'er is pulled away, he recognizes Fugui in the crowd, and tries to talk to him as he is dragged towards the execution grounds. Fugui is filled with fear and runs into an alleyway before hearing five gunshots. He runs home to tell Jiazhen what has happened, and they quickly pull out the certificate stating that Fugui served in the revolutionary army. Fugui assures his wife that they are no longer gentries and will not be killed. The story moves forward a decade into the future, to the time of the Great Leap Forward. The local town chief enlists everyone to donate all scrap iron to the national drive to produce steel and make weaponry for retaking Taiwan. As an entertainer, Fugui performs for the entire town nightly, and is very smug about his singing abilities. Soon after, some boys begin picking on Fengxia. Youqing decides to get back at one of the boys by dumping spicy noodles on his head during a communal lunch. Fugui is furious, but Jiazhen stops him and tells him why Youqing acted the way he did. Fugui realizes the love his children have for each other. The children are exhausted from the hard labor they are doing in the town and try to sleep whenever they can. They eventually get a break during the festivities for meeting the scrap metal quota. The entire village eats dumplings in celebration. In the midst of the family eating, schoolmates of Youqing call for him to come prepare for the District Chief. Jiazhen tries to make Fugui let him sleep but eventually relents and packs her son twenty dumplings for lunch. Fugui carries his son to the school, and tells him to heat the dumplings before eating them, as he will get sick if he eats cold dumplings. He must listen to his father to have a good life. Later on in the day, the older men and students rush to tell Fugui that his son has been killed by the District Chief. He was sleeping on the other side of a wall that the Chief's Jeep was on, and the car ran into the wall, injuring the Chief and crushing Youqing. Jiazhen, in hysterics, is forbidden to see her son's dead body, and Fugui screams at his son to wake up. Fengxia is silent in the background. The District Chief visits the family at the grave, only to be revealed as Chunsheng. His attempts to apologize and compensate the family are rejected, particularly by Jiazhen, who tells him he owes her family a life. He returns to his Jeep in a haze, only to see his guard beating Fengxia for breaking the Jeep's windows. He tells him to stop, and walks home. The story moves forward again another decade, to the Cultural Revolution. The village chief advises Fugui's family to burn their puppet drama props, which have been deemed as counter-revolutionary. Fengxia carries out the act, and is oblivious to the Chief's real reason for coming: to discuss a suitor for her. Fengxia is now grown up and her family arranges for her to meet Wan Erxi, a local leader of the Red Guards. Erxi, a man crippled by a workplace accident, fixes her parent's roof and paints depictions of Mao Zedong on their walls with his workmates. He proves to be a kind, gentle man; he and Fengxia fall in love and marry, and she soon becomes pregnant. Chunsheng, still in the government, visits immediately after the wedding to ask for Jiazhen's forgiveness, but she refuses to acknowledge him. Later, he is branded a reactionary and a capitalist. He comes to tell them his wife has committed suicide and he intends to as well. He has come to give them all his money. Jiazhen refuses to take it. However, as Chunsheng leaves, Jiazhen commands him to live, reminding him that he still owes them a life. Months later, during Fengxia's childbirth, her parents and husband accompany her to the county hospital. All doctors have been sent to do hard labor for being over educated, and the students are left as the only ones in charge. Wan Erxi manages to find a doctor to oversee the birth, removing him from confinement, but he is very weak from starvation. Fugui purchases seven steamed buns (mantou) for him and the family decides to name the son Mantou, after the buns. However, Fengxia begins to hemorrhage, and the nurses panic, admitting that they do not know what to do. The family and nurses seek the advice of the doctor, but find that he has overeaten and is semiconscious. The family is helpless, and Fengxia dies from hypovolemia (blood loss). The point is made that the doctor ate 7 buns, but that by drinking too much water at the same time, each bun expanded to the size of 7 buns: therefore Fengxia's death is a result of the doctor's having the equivalent of 49 buns in his belly. The movie ends six years later, with the family now consisting of Fugui, Jiazhen, their son-in-law Erxi, and grandson Mantou. The family visits the graves of Youqing and Fengxia, where Jiazhen, as per tradition, leaves dumplings for her son. Erxi buys a box full of young chicks for his son, which they decide to keep in the chest formerly used for the shadow puppet props. When Mantou inquires how long it will take for the chicks to grow up, Fugui's response is a more tempered version of something he said earlier in the film. However, in spite of all of his personal hardships, he expresses optimism for his grandson's future, and the film ends with his statement, and life will get better and better as the whole family sits down to eat.[5] Although the ending has been criticized as sentimental, the resignation and forced good cheer of Fugui and especially Jiazhen belie a happy ending.[6]
Chattahoochee	American	drama	Mick Jackson	Emmett Foley (Oldman) is an American hero of the Korean War who attempts to commit suicide, first by provoking local police and then by shooting himself in the chest. After his recovery, he is sent to the Florida State Hospital, an institution in Chattahoochee, Florida, where he fights against doctors and staff who are terrorizing and torturing their patients. His efforts eventually led to sweeping reforms in the Florida mental health system.
Guns of Darkness	British	drama	Anthony Asquith	Caught in a South American country during a coup, a British couple (Niven and Caron) try to help the former President escape to the border.
Showgirls	American	drama	Paul Verhoeven	Nomi Malone is a young drifter who hitchhikes to Las Vegas hoping to make it as a showgirl. After being robbed by her driver, Nomi meets Molly Abrams, a seamstress and costume designer who takes her in as a roommate. Molly invites Nomi backstage at Goddess, the Stardust Casino show where she works, to meet Cristal Connors, the diva star of the topless dance revue. When Nomi tells Cristal she dances at Cheetah's Topless Club, Cristal derisively tells her that what she does is akin to prostitution. When Nomi is too upset to go to work that night, Molly takes her dancing at The Crave Club. After getting into a fight with James, a bouncer at the club, Nomi is arrested. James bails her out of jail, but she pays him little notice. Shortly thereafter, Cristal and her boyfriend Zack Carey, the entertainment director at the Stardust, visit Cheetah's and request a lap dance from Nomi. Although the bisexual Cristal is attracted to Nomi, her request is also based upon her desire to humiliate Nomi by proving she is little more than a prostitute. Nomi reluctantly performs the lap dance after Cristal offers her $500. James happens to be at the strip club as well and witnesses the lap dance. He visits Nomi's trailer the next morning and, like Cristal, tells Nomi that what she is doing is no different from prostitution. Cristal arranges for Nomi to audition for the chorus line of Goddess. Tony Moss, the show's director, humiliates Nomi by asking her to put ice on her nipples to make them hard. Furious, Nomi leaves the audition and again runs into James, who says he has written a dance number for her and contends that Nomi is too talented to be a stripper or showgirl. Despite her outburst at the audition, Nomi gets the job and quits Cheetah's. Cristal further humiliates Nomi by suggesting she make a goodwill appearance at a boat trade show which turns out to be a thinly disguised form of prostitution. Undeterred, Nomi sets out to get revenge against Cristal and claim her mantle. She seduces Zack, who secures an audition for her to be Cristal's understudy. Nomi wins the role, but when Cristal threatens legal action against the Stardust, the offer is rescinded. After Cristal gloats and taunts Nomi at a performance, Nomi pushes her down a flight of stairs, and Cristal breaks her hip. Unable to perform, Cristal is replaced by Nomi as the show's lead. Although Nomi has finally secured the fame she sought, she alienates Molly, who realises she pushed Cristal. Later, Molly relents and attends Nomi's opening night celebration at a posh hotel, where she meets her idol, musician Andrew Carver. Carver lures Molly to a room, where he brutally beats her and helps one of his bodyguards rape her. Molly is hospitalized after the assault. Nomi wants to prosecute Carver, but Zack tells her the Stardust will bribe Molly with hush money to quiet her in order to protect their celebrity client. Zack then confronts Nomi with the details of her sordid past: her real name is Polly, and she became a runaway and prostitute after her father murdered her mother and then killed himself. She has been arrested several times for drug possession, prostitution, and assault with a deadly weapon. Zack blackmails Nomi by vowing to keep her past quiet if she will not press charges for Molly's assault. Unable to obtain justice for Molly without exposing her own past, Nomi decides to take justice into her own hands. She gets Carver alone in his hotel room and beats him bloody. Nomi then pays two hospital visits; one to Molly to deliver news of the assault and let her know that Carver's actions did not go unpunished, and another to Cristal to apologize for injuring her. Cristal admits she pulled a similar stunt to get cast in the lead of a show years before. Because of her world-weariness, and the fact that her lawyers managed to secure her a large cash settlement, Cristal forgives Nomi, and they exchange a kiss. Nomi leaves Las Vegas and hitches a ride to Los Angeles, coincidentally with the same driver who stole her possessions when she arrived.
It Started in Paradise	British	drama	Compton Bennett	In 1938, Mme. Alice (Hunt), chief designer of a famous London fashion house, has lost her touch. Where once she was the most sought after designer in the city, now her creations seem locked in the past and clients are looking elsewhere for modern fashions. She is persuaded by her senior assistant Martha (Hylton) that she needs a long holiday to recapture her creative inspiration. Once Mme. Alice has departed the fiercely ambitious Martha, who has been biding her time for several years, launches a coup, designing and presenting a range of up-to-the-minute garments which are a huge success with the fashion media and bring clients flocking back to the salon. The financial backer of the business is delighted with the upturn in profits; Martha is promoted to chief designer and Mme. Alice is quietly retired. Over the course of the next decade Martha, with the help of Alison (Pavlow), a talented girl she took on straight out of school, restores the house to its pre-eminent position in the London fashion world. She becomes so driven that she starts not to care who she treads on in her quest to be the best in the business. Over the years while her professional career goes from strength to strength, she neglects friends, treats associates badly and makes business enemies. By the start of the 1950s Martha too seems to have had her day; appreciation for her designs tapers off and her reputation falls. Those she has alienated on the way up are only too happy to watch her on the way down. Meanwhile, Alison, having waited for her own chance, seizes the opportunity to present her own designs which are acclaimed as fresh, innovative and contemporary. Alison is in, Martha is out, and the cycle begins again.
The Indian Runner	American	drama	Sean Penn	The story, set in 1960s Nebraska, involves two very different brothers: small-town deputy sheriff Joe and criminal Frank Roberts. Before the events of the film, Joe had tried to farm for a living, but was unable to make ends meet, and the bank eventually foreclosed on his property. He became a deputy sheriff as a way to support his young wife, Maria, and child. Joe is a good, conscientious man, but has his own demons to fight with. The opening shot of the film shows a car chase which ends with Joe using his gun to kill a man in self-defense. This results in Joe's conflicted feelings about killing the criminal, as well as the praise and scorn from members of his community from this shooting. Frank, who had been involved with run-ins with the law before going to Vietnam, is described by his father as plagued by restlessness. Upon his return to town, he breaks into his brother's home and is nearly shot by Joe's wife. The next day, Frank leaves town without ever stopping by his parents' home. As Joe states in the narration, Frank was correct in his assessment that his parents would understand, as they always seem to when he hurts those who love him. Joe does not hear from his brother for some time, but eventually discovers from their father that he is in jail in another state. He had kept the information quiet to avoid upsetting their mother. Frank is then released from prison and returns to his hometown with his pregnant girlfriend, Dorothy. Joe's and Frank's mother dies and their father commits suicide soon after. Frank tries to settle down and works in construction, but keeps getting into trouble with the law, which puts him in conflict with Joe. When the time comes for Frank's wife to give birth, Frank is in a bar drinking it down, which sparks a confrontation with Joe. After Joe leaves, Frank beats the bartender to death with a chair and drives out of town with Joe on his tail. The film concludes with Joe allowing Frank to escape across the state line.
The Portrait of a Lady	American	drama	Jane Campion	Isabel Archer, originally from Albany, New York, is invited by her maternal aunt, Lydia Touchett, to visit Lydia's rich husband, Daniel, at his estate near London, following the death of Isabel's father. There, Isabel meets her uncle, her friendly invalid cousin Ralph Touchett, and the Touchetts' robust neighbour, Lord Warburton. Isabel later declines Warburton's sudden proposal of marriage. She also rejects the hand of Caspar Goodwood, the charismatic son and heir of a wealthy Boston mill owner. Although Isabel is drawn to Caspar, her commitment to her independence precludes such a marriage, which she feels would demand the sacrifice of her freedom. The elder Touchett grows ill and, at the request of his son, leaves much of his estate to Isabel upon his death. With her large legacy, Isabel travels the Continent and meets an American expatriate, Gilbert Osmond, in Florence. Although Isabel had previously rejected both Warburton and Goodwood, she accepts Osmond's proposal of marriage, unaware that it has been actively promoted by the accomplished but untrustworthy Madame Merle, another American expatriate, whom Isabel had met at the Touchetts' estate. Isabel and Osmond settle in Rome, but their marriage rapidly sours due to Osmond's overwhelming egotism and lack of genuine affection for his wife. Isabel grows fond of Pansy, Osmond's presumed daughter by his first marriage, and wants to grant her wish to marry Edward Rosier, a young art collector. The snobbish Osmond would prefer that Pansy accept the proposal of Warburton, who had previously proposed to Isabel. Isabel suspects, however, that Warburton may just be feigning interest in Pansy to get close to Isabel again, and the conflict creates even more strain within the unhappy marriage. Isabel then learns that Ralph is dying at his estate in England and prepares to go to him for his final hours, but Osmond selfishly opposes this plan. Meanwhile, Isabel learns from her sister-in-law that Pansy is actually the daughter of Madame Merle, who had had an adulterous relationship with Osmond for several years. Isabel pays a final visit to Pansy, who desperately begs her to return someday, which Isabel reluctantly promises to do. She then leaves, without telling her spiteful husband, to comfort the dying Ralph in England, where she remains until his death. Goodwood encounters her at Ralph's estate, and begs her to leave Osmond and come away with him. He passionately embraces and kisses her, but Isabel flees. Goodwood seeks her out the next day but is told she has set off again for Rome. The ending is ambiguous, and the reader is left to imagine whether Isabel returned to Osmond to suffer out her marriage in noble tragedy (perhaps for Pansy's sake), or she is going to rescue Pansy and leave Osmond.
Masoom	Bollywood	drama	Shekhar Kapur	Indu (Shabana Azmi) and DK (Naseeruddin Shah) have a happy marriage and two daughters — Pinky and Minni — and live in Delhi. The tranquility of their life is interrupted when DK receives word that he has a son, the result of an affair with Bhavana (Supriya Pathak) during his 1973 visit to Nainital when his wife Indu was about to give birth to their first child Pinky (Urmila Matondkar). Bhavana did not tell DK about their son as she did not want to disturb DK's matrimonial life. Now that she has died, her guardian Masterji sends word to DK informing him that his son, Rahul (Jugal Hansraj), who is nine years old, needs a home. Despite the objections of Indu, who is devastated to learn of her husband's infidelity, DK brings the boy to stay with them in Delhi. Rahul is never told that DK is his father as he bonds with DK and his daughters. But Indu can't bear to look at him, a tangible reminder of DK's betrayal. DK, worried by the effect Rahul is having on his family, decides to put him in a boarding school in St. Joseph's College, Nainital; Rahul accepts with reluctance. After gaining admission at the school and returning to Delhi before his permanent move to Nainital, Rahul figures out that DK is his father and runs away from home. After he is escorted home by a police officer, Rahul confesses his awareness of the identity of his father to Indu. Indu is unable to bear his heartbreak and intercepts Rahul before he is put on the train to Nainital, thereby accepting him into the family and wholeheartedly forgiving DK, after which they drive home happily.
Lak Yawm Ya Zalem (Your Day Will Come)	Egyptian	drama	Salah Abu Seif	A greedy man betrays his friend and falls in love with his wife, who is a rich lady. He kills him and marries the widow. He steals her money and jewellery and mistreats her. He is then arrested by the police and receives his punishment.
Haddouta Masriya (An Egyptian Story)	Egyptian	drama	Youssef Chahine	The film is essentially a fictional biography of a self-centred, chain-smoking, highly-strung, radical realist film-maker named Yehia Choukry Mourad. It opens with him having a heart attack while directing a film. He is convinced to go to London for diagnosis and, subsequently, a heart bypass. The day before the operation, he spends time with his chauffeur. The film was daring for implying a homosexual attraction between the two men. Homoerotic tension was created by knowing glances that are exchanged between Yehia and the taxi driver.[2] Once Yehia is put under anaesthetic, the action shifts to a surreal, dreamlike court case held within Yehia's own chest cavity (the roof-beams of the court-room, for example, are Yehia's ribs). Yehia's inner child is on trial: feeling unloved by the adult Yehia, this child is attempting to kill Yehia. The child's witness stand comprises clear plastic tubes into which he drops white crystals, symbolising Yehia's arteries and the cholesterol that is choking them. As different witnesses speak during the chaotic court scenes, the film presents different flashbacks to Yehia's life, starting with his unfair treatment by a bitter, Catholic primary-school teacher. The flashbacks position Yehia at some key moments in Egyptian history: participating as a youth in riots against British forces in Egypt; starring in and directing a film which alludes to the 1958 Cairo Station; fruitlessly seeking Euro-American approval for his work at the Cannes Film Festival and in New York, but winning a prize at the inaugural Moscow International Film Festival; and making a film about the Battle of Algiers (1956–57), perhaps alluding to the 1966 movie The Battle of Algiers. The film portrays an ageing Yehia getting into trouble with censors, yet insisting on continuing to shoot his banned film, during which he has his heart attack. Yehia's relationships with his mother, sister, and wife Amal are a key theme in both the flashbacks and the court scenes. Insofar as they have mistreated Yehia, the film suggests that these women's behaviours arises from their own experience of and participation in patriarchal oppression. Yehia's mother is forced to marry and have children young; in turn, she imposes the same strictures on her daughter; and Yehia himself refuses to allow his daughter to pursue a love-marriage just before his heart-attack. Amal is similarly confined by motherhood and Yehia's own infantility. The film ends with Yehia's inner child being condemned to death and plunging into an artery with a knife to attempt to kill Yehia. The surgeon operating on Yehia succeeds in extracting the inner child, however, and Yehia is saved. On coming to from his anaesthetic, Yehia meets his inner child, makes peace with him, and the inner child merges back into Yehia. Here the film ends.
Carrington V.C.	British	drama	Anthony Asquith	Major Charles 'Copper' Carrington (David Niven), who has a distinguished Second World War record and was awarded the Victoria Cross, is arrested for embezzling £125 from his unit's safe. Other charges include leaving the base and entertaining a woman officer in his room, this being forbidden by the base commander Colonel Henniker (Allan Cuthbertson). Appearing in his own defence, Carrington's case at his court-martial is that he took the money openly because of back pay owed him. The Army Paymaster had failed to pay him for expenses during postings in the Far East and his wife Valerie (Margaret Leighton) was pressuring him for money. She lives in another part of the country, and has become ill and suicidal as a result of financial worries. Carrington claims he told his superior, Colonel Henniker, about his decision to remove the money. He transferred £100 of it to his wife's account to give her relief from her financial problems. He then left the base to compete in a major horse race in which he bet the rest of the money on himself, hoping to be able to pay back the cash taken. When he fell from his horse, his friend Captain Alison Graham (Noelle Middleton) tried to return the money, but was denied access to the safe. As for the incident in his room, it is established that Carrington was bed-ridden from his fall and that Graham was visiting him to discuss the embezzlement. She was fully dressed and sitting on a chair when Colonel Henniker stormed in, reminding them that it was against regulations for male and female officers to be together in private quarters. Henniker admits waiting for some time between seeing Graham go to Carrington's room and then entering himself. Henniker is in fact Carrington's enemy, resenting his war record, achievements and popularity at the base. There is an element of sympathy for Carrington's actions and it is pointed out that the Major could be cleared if established that Henniker had forewarned knowledge of his intentions. He thus perjures himself at the court-martial by denying being told by Carrington of his decision to take the money from the safe. Much of Carrington's debts were due anyway to Henniker's constant delays in pursuing the Paymaster to give Carrington the money owed him. Due to her health, Carrington did not intend to call his wife Valerie as a witness, but decides that he will have to when the case goes against him following Henniker's evidence. She resents the idea of washing their dirty linen in public but finally agrees to turn up. Things go wrong when Valerie becomes suspicious of Carrington's relationship with Captain Graham. Under pressure, Graham admits to Valerie that she had a one-night stand with Carrington when they became stranded in a pub in the middle of a storm. But Carrington then insisted that a full affair would not be fair on anyone and ended it. He and Graham are now just friends. In her evidence, Valerie also perjures herself, denying her husband ever mentioned telling Colonel Henniker he planned to take the money. Carrington produces a letter she wrote to him in which she does mention his argument with Henniker. Carrington intends to only read the parts relevant to his defence, since the letter also contains embarrassing matters about the couple and Valerie's health. But when the judge insists that he and the other officials read it before it is submitted into evidence, Carrington tears it up. The officers who are to determine his fate have seen through the lies told in court and sympathise with Carrington. But the law finds Carrington guilty on all counts, which means dismissal from the service. All the regular soldiers at the base are near-unanimous that it is an unfair decision. One of them, Owen (Victor Maddern), was a Sergeant demoted when loyalty to Carrington resulted in him failing to co-operate with the investigation. His defiance in and out of court on the subject results in him being demoted again to a mere Private. Having made his grievances public, Carrington has decided not to appeal the verdict. His marriage is also over, but, with an attitude typical of him, he puts it down to the fact that Valerie is still in love with her late husband, killed during the war, and the father of her sons. However, in the course of gossiping about the case, a telephonist at the exchange admits overhearing Carrington's phone call with his wife and what was really said. The telephonist's testimony (if heard at the court-martial) would have provided evidence that Valerie was lying under oath. Without Carrington knowing, as he exits the court-martial building, the other soldiers rally around and display their support for him. Moved, he decides to go along with the appeal; and there is the strong possibility that when the telephonist's evidence is heard, the verdict will be quashed and Carrington acquitted.
The Divided Heart	British	drama	Charles Crichton	During World War II, a three-year-old boy is found wandering alone in Germany. No family can be traced, and it is presumed that his parents and siblings have been casualties of war. The child is placed in an orphanage, from where he is subsequently adopted by a childless couple, whom he grows to love and accept as his parents. When the boy is 10 years old, his natural mother is found alive in Yugoslavia where she has survived the war as a refugee. She returns to Germany to claim her child, having lost her husband and two other children in the war. The film focuses on the moral dilemma of the situation: should the child remain with the adoptive parents who have given him a loving and happy home, or be returned to his natural mother who has lost everything else, and to what extent should the child's own wishes be taken into account? The case is finally referred to a three-man court, who will decide the child's future. As in the true story on which the film is based, he is returned to his biological mother.
Ibn el-Nil (Son of the Nile)	Egyptian	drama	Youssef Chahine	Hemaidah (shokry sarhan) is a farmer who hates country life. He hates working in fields and taking care of the animals in his farm. Though unsatisfied with her, he marries Zebeidah (Faten Hamama), a woman in the same village. He is determined to leave the village, move and live in the city. He plans for his travel and asks his brother to look after his farm and family. In Cairo, Hemaidah falls in the hands of a gang, headed by a ruthless gangster. Not wishing to risk his life, he is forced to work with the gang and help them in their crimes. He is introduced to theft and harlotry, and one day the police arrest the gang. Hemaidah spends his time in prison and returns to his village after his release, regretting that he had left it.
Love Hurts	American	drama	Bud Yorkin	Paul Weaver (Jeff Daniels) is accustomed to playing around on his wife Nancy (Cynthia Sikes) from his baseball-playing days. When divorce papers are filed against him, Paul decides to travel to Pennsylvania and attend his sister's wedding. But Nancy and his two children are both there, making the situation uncomfortable for everyone.
Sweet Bird of Youth	American	drama	Nicolas Roeg	Failed St. Cloud, Florida, native son Chance Wayne has fled his home town, seeking to profit from his beauty and youth in New York or Hollywood (whichever of the two). When he fails as an actor and then a personality in both cities he turns to the freelance career of gigolo. As the traveling escort of his current employer, Chance returns to his home town of St. Cloud, in attempt to win back his childhood lover, escorting an aging, depressed, semi-alcoholic film star: Alexandra del Lago, who is running away from the negative criticism she believes is the public and critical response to her attempt at a cinematic comeback in a recently released film. Del Lago herself had been running away and burying herself in sex, alcohol, and drugs, until Chance recognized her while hustling in a Florida resort. He saw in her a last chance to build a relationship (taking care of her, while on their drive back to Hollywood, with him as her escort). He is using his perceived gallantry to entice del Lago to give him the imprimatur of stardom which he failed to achieve on his own. As he and del Lago were driving along the Sunset Route back to California, Chance hopes that he will reunite with his childhood sweetheart, Heavenly Finley, and bring her back to Hollywood, where - with del Lago's aid - they will both achieve stardom. Unfortunately once returned to St. Cloud, Chance discovers Heavenly is only a shadow of the girl he knew. During his last visit to St. Cloud, he had unknowingly infected her with a disease he picked up as a result of his own promiscuity. When she discovered the problem, she had to have surgery to cut the disease out and which, because of an unskilled doctor's knife, resulted in a hysterectomy and her sterility. Her powerful and corrupt father and brother are determined to make Chance pay for the injury done to Heavenly. Chance worries that he will receive the same fate (evisceration) as a black man who was recently attacked and castrated in the town. Using Alexandra's car and funds, Chance tries to prove to the town that he is a success, but his old friends call his bluff and see him for what he has become. Meanwhile, Alexandra receives news that the criticism she's been running from is actually praise and that her comeback could not have been better. Chance believes he will ride with her to the top, but Alexandra has no wish for a gigolo to besmirch her good name. His youth gone, Chance does not know how to move on with his life. Although she will not recommend him for a job in Hollywood, Alexandra urges him to continue as her escort, but he decides to stay and accept his inevitable punishment in St. Cloud.
Paper Tiger	British	drama	Ken Annakin	Mr Bradbury (David Niven), an apparently well-educated, ex-military Englishman is hired as tutor to Koichi Kagoyama (played by Kazuhito Ando), the son of a Japanese ambassador. Bradbury becomes a trusted friend, who boasts about his heroic service in the British Army, but some painful truths are revealed after he and the boy are kidnapped by political terrorists. It comes to the point when Mr Bradbury has to live up to the action man he makes himself out to be.
The Browning Version	British	drama	Mike Figgis	Andrew Crocker-Harris (Albert Finney) is a veteran teacher of Greek and Latin at a British Public school. After nearly 20 years of service, he is being forced to retire on the pretext of his health, and perhaps may not even be given a pension. He is disliked or ignored by the other teachers and while his pupils fear his relentlessly strict discipline, they are bored by his dictatorial but dreary and un-inspiring teaching methods. His younger wife Laura (Greta Scacchi), whom he has sexually and emotionally neglected, is unfaithful, and now lives to wound him any way she can. She is having an affair with Frank (Matthew Modine), an eager, young American science teacher who is highly popular with his pupils, much more lenient with class-room rules yet is able connect with the students. In his final class, Andrew, while reading from a Greek play, finally shows some genuine passion about the subject, giving a glimpse at the teacher he could have been. Andrew's nervous new replacement Tom (Julian Sands) expresses his awe at the ironclad control that the former exerts over his classes, but Andrew advises his young colleague not to follow his example. As his retirement at the end of the school term draws near, Andrew is approached by a quiet and sensitive pupil named Taplow who has detected the unhappiness and loneliness of his teacher and makes an attempt to reach out to him, saying that Andrew's Latin teachings have inspired him. Taplow gives Andrew a gift- a rare copy of an early edition of the 'Browning Version'- the 1877 translation by Robert Browning of Aeschylus’ ancient play Agamemnon. Touched by this gesture, Andrew's emotional guard begins to be let down for the first time. Increasingly aware of Andrew's isolation, Frank feels guilty about the affair with Laura and ends the relationship. Shortly before the end-of-term school assembly in which Andrew will make his farewell speech, Laura tells her husband that she wants their marriage to end and that she intends to leave him. The school's senior staff want Andrew to make his speech first, to be followed by the farewell speech of a younger, more popular teacher who is leaving to pursue a career as a cricket player. But Andrew insists on going second, even though the headmaster angrily says that it will give the ceremony an 'anti-climax'. To the surprise of everyone, including Laura who has lingered to watch the event, Andrew's speech is highly emotional and revelatory, apologising for his failures both as a teacher and as a person. Moved by the speech, the pupils and staff give Andrew a huge applause. Andrew, as a parting gesture of gratitude, tells Taplow that he has organised a place for him in Frank's science class which the pupil had been eager to join. Laura has a newfound sense of respect for her husband and the two part on good terms. As he watches Laura drive away, Andrew sadly but calmly faces the next phase of his life.
The Man Who Captured Eichmann	American	drama	William A. Graham	Set in 1960, the story follows the efforts of the Mossad, the Israeli Secret Service, to find former SS Colonel Adolf Eichmann, who ran from Germany to Argentina and took the name Ricardo Klement. He was wanted for the murders of both Europeans and Jews during the Holocaust. Learning of Eichmann's living in Argentina, the Mossad sends a team to capture him, led by agent Peter Malkin. The standing order: bring Eichmann back alive to Israel for trial. The film ends with the take-off of the El Al aircraft taking Eichmann to face trial in Jerusalem. In real life, this aircraft was a turboprop-powered Bristol Britannia. However, the Britannia aircraft had a very short operational life, due to passenger demand for jets, and none were available for the movie. A Boeing 707-320B was therefore used instead, even though that particular marque of 707 did not fly until 1962.
Anand	Bollywood	drama	Hrishikesh Mukherjee	The film begins with a felicitation ceremony arranged for Bhaskar (Amitabh Bachchan), a doctor who has just written a successful book titled Anand. Bhaskar was a cancer specialist and after the congratulatory speeches, he reveals that the book is not a work of fiction, but taken from his own diary and pertains to his experiences with a real person named Anand. The flashback starts with Bhaskar, fresh from his training as an oncologist, trying to treat the poor for no charge, but often disheartened by the fact that he cannot cure all the ailments in the world. He becomes pessimistic after seeing the suffering, illness and poverty all around him. He is straightforward and won't treat the imaginary ailments of the rich. His friend, Kulkarni follows a slightly different path. He treats the imaginary illnesses of the rich and uses that money to treat the poor. One day, Kulkarni introduces Bhaskar to Anand (Rajesh Khanna), who has lymphoma of the intestine, a rare type of cancer. Anand has a cheerful nature and despite knowing the truth that he is not going to survive for more than six months, he maintains a nonchalant demeanour and always tries to make everyone happy around him. His cheerful and vibrant nature soothes Bhaskar, who has a contrasting nature and they become good friends. Anand's condition gradually deteriorates, but he does not want to spend his remaining time in a hospital bed; he instead roams freely and helps everyone. He discovers that Bhaskar has strong feelings for Renu (Sumita Sanyal), whom he treated previously for pneumonia. He helps Bhaskar to express his love and convinces Renu's mother to bless their marriage. He tells Bhaskar that everyone should remember him as a lively person and not as a cancer patient. His end comes and he dies amongst his friends and everyone remembers him as a vibrant and lively person. Bhaskar becomes more philosophical and continues to help the helpless with more empathy and maturity.
The Funeral	American	drama	Abel Ferrara	The film begins with the funeral of one of the three Tempio brothers. These men are violent criminals. Mourning the passage of their beloved brother Johnny are Chez and Ray. Ray is cold and calculating. Chez is hot tempered. Flashbacks show us that Johnny was more sensitive. Exposure to Communist meetings as a spy sway Johnny's opinions. The chief suspect in Johnny's murder is rival gangster Gaspare Spoglia. Ray and Chez swear revenge. Ray's wife, Jeanette, opposes the campaign of retribution and the violence it will bring, while Chez' wife, Clara, struggles to deal with her husband's obsessive nature. As it turns out, Johnny was not murdered by rival gangsters, but by a man who first claimed Johnny had raped his girlfriend, but who later admits, just before Ray kills him, that he wanted revenge because Johnny had beaten him up in front of his girlfriend and friends. As he buries the dead murderer, Chez reflects on his brothers' lives before the tragedy. He then returns to Ray's house and shoots and kills Ray and all of his bodyguards. Chez then shoots Johnny, lying dead in the casket, before putting the gun in his own mouth and committing suicide as the family women wail over Ray's dying body.
Stolen Face	British	drama	Terence Fisher	Dr. Philip Ritter, a plastic surgeon (Paul Henreid), falls in love with a gifted and beautiful concert pianist, Alice Brent (Lizabeth Scott). They meet by chance at a country inn, and romance soon develops. However, Alice is already engaged to be married and, afraid to tell Ritter, runs away. Ritter is devastated. Back at his London surgery, Ritter receives a phone call from Alice, who informs him she is to marry David (André Morell). Meanwhile, Ritter's new patient is Lily Conover (Mary Mackenzie), a female convict whose face is disfigured. The love-struck surgeon believes he can change her criminal ways by constructing her new face to resemble that of Alice. He does so, and they marry. (Now identical to Alice, she is played by Scott.) However, Lily has not changed her ways. She soon grows bored of Ritter's sedate lifestyle, and returns to a life of crime and partying. She is reckless in her behaviour, and unabashedly flirtatious with other men, and he comes to despise her. As Alice completes her latest concert tour, David knows there is something wrong with her. He guesses she is in love with someone else, and calls off the engagement. Alice goes to see Ritter, who confesses what he has done. Later, an upset Ritter leaves London for Plymouth, believing that the situation can never be reversed. Lily follows him, however, and takes the same train, where she becomes drunk and aggressive towards Ritter. Alice believes Ritter is so upset he may harm Lily, or even kill her if provoked, and she too joins the train. She arrives just as the two are arguing, and engaged in a physical struggle as Ritter tries to prevent the intoxicated Lily from falling out of the carriage. As Alice enters, Lily accidentally falls against the loose carriage door, and falls out of the train. The film ends as Lily is discovered dead at the side of the tracks, and Ritter and Alice are reunited.
The Feminine Touch	British	drama	Pat Jackson	The film follows five very different student nurses during their first year of training at an NHS hospital in London called St. Augustine’s Hospital (filmed at Guy's Hospital), where they live in a dormitory. Susan (Belinda Lee) is reliable and sensible; Pat (Delphi Lawrence) is flighty and open; Maureen (Adrienne Corri) is Irish and loud; Ann (Henryetta Edwards) is a typical public school girl; and Liz (Barbara Archer) comes from a typical working class background. As they get to know each other, they bond in spite of their differences.
Dost	Bollywood	drama	Dulal Guha	Maanav is an orphan who was brought up by a Catholic Priest, Father Francis. After completing his M.A. he returns home to Taran Devi and finds out that his mentor is dead. He re-locates to Bombay by train, and a man named Gopichand Sharma attempts to steal his luggage, but Maanav chases him and retrieves it. The men become friends, despite of their differences - Maanav wants to lead an honest life, and Gopichand, who is estranged from his wife, a nurse, Kalyani, and son, Munna, is an alcoholic and thief. Gopichand eventually changes his lifestyle, decides to be honest, patches up with his family, but ends up antagonizing his crime boss, Monto Sardar, who chops off his right hand. Maanav gets him a job with Hercules Milk Foods. Maanav meets with and falls in love with Kaajal Gupta, who is the daughter of the owner of Hercules Milk Foods, much to the chagrin of her dad who wants her to get married to Shyamal. Then one day Maanav disappears from Gopichand and Kaajal's lives. He re-locates to Simla and it is here that he learns that things have spiraled out of control as Gopichand has been arrested for marketing contaminated milk powder resulting in the deaths of hundreds of children. Maanav decides to return to Bombay and attempts to make sense as to why Gopichand committed this crime.
The Package	American	drama	Andrew Davis	Gene Hackman stars as Johnny Gallagher, a Special Forces Master Sergeant in the United States Army who is assigned to escort a prisoner, an Army deserter named Thomas Boyette (Tommy Lee Jones), from West Berlin back to the United States. When Boyette escapes, Gallagher pursues him and discovers that Boyette is actually a professional assassin hired to kill the leader of the Soviet Union (clearly resembling Mikhail Gorbachev) after a meeting in Chicago with the President of the United States. Gallagher is joined by his ex-wife Eileen (Joanna Cassidy), a lieutenant colonel in the Judge Advocate General Corps of the U.S. Army, and Chicago police Lt. Milan Delich (Dennis Franz).
Macbeth	British	drama	Roman Polanski	In the Middle Ages, a Norwegian invasion of Scotland is suppressed by Macbeth, Thane of Glamis, and Banquo. A rebel, the Thane of Cawdor, is captured, and King Duncan decrees Macbeth shall be awarded the title of Cawdor. Macbeth and Banquo do not hear of this news; when out riding, they happen upon Three Witches, who hail Macbeth as Thane of Cawdor and future King, and Banquo as lesser and greater. At their camp, nobles arrive and inform Macbeth he has been named the Thane of Cawdor, with Macbeth simultaneously awed and frightened at the prospect of usurping Duncan, in further fulfilment of the prophecy. He writes a letter to Lady Macbeth, who is delighted at the news. However, she fears her husband has too much good nature, and vows to be cruel for him. Duncan names his eldest son, Malcolm, Prince of Cumberland, and thus heir apparent, to the displeasure of Macbeth and Malcolm's brother Donalbain. The royal family and nobles then spend the night at Macbeth's castle, with Lady Macbeth greeting the King and dancing with him with duplicity. Urged on by his wife, Macbeth steps into King Duncan's chambers after she has drugged the guards. Duncan wakes and utters Macbeth's name, but Macbeth stabs him to death. He then murders the guards. Fearing a conspiracy, Malcolm and Donalbain flee to England and Ireland, and the Thane of Ross realises Macbeth will be king. An opportunistic courtier, he hails Macbeth at Scone, while the noble Macduff heads back to his home in Fife. When Macbeth begins to fear possible usurpation by Banquo and his son Fleance, he sends two murderers to kill them, and then sends Ross as the mysterious Third Murderer. Banquo is killed, while Fleance escapes. After Banquo appears at a banquet as a ghost, Macbeth seeks out the witches, who are performing a nude ritual. The witches and the spirits they summon deceive Macbeth into thinking he is invincible, as he cannot be killed except by a man not born of woman, and will not be defeated until Birnam Wood comes to Dunsinane. After Macduff flees to England, Ross leaves Fife's castle doors open, so Macbeth's murderers can kill Lady Macduff and the rest of the family and servants. With nobles fleeing Scotland, Macbeth chooses a new Thane of Cawdor, bestowing the title on Seyton over Ross. Disappointed, Ross joins Malcolm and Macduff in England, where the English King has committed forces led by Siward to overthrowing Macbeth and installing Malcolm on the Scottish throne. The English forces invade, covering themselves by cutting down trees and holding them in front of their army. When the forces storm the castle, Macduff confronts Macbeth, and during the sword fight, Macduff reveals he was delivered by Caesarean section. Macduff beheads Macbeth, and Ross presents the crown to Malcolm. Meanwhile, Donalbain, out riding, encounters the witches.
Cage of Gold	British	drama	Basil Dearden	A young woman, Judith Moray, deserts her prospective fiancé, the nice doctor Alan Kearn, for an old flame, the dashing but roguish former wing commander Bill Glennan. Glennan makes her pregnant and marries her, but leaves her on the morning after the wedding when he learns that her father can't offer him financial support. Two years later she - having been told that Glennan is dead - has married Kearn and borne him a son. But then Glennan suddenly reappears and begins to blackmail her.
Major Barbara	British	drama	Gabriel Pascal	In this social satire, Barbara Undershaft (Hiller), an idealistic major in the Salvation Army, is deeply troubled by the fact that her father, Andrew Undershaft (Robert Morley), is a wealthy weapons manufacturer. Meanwhile, Andrew is looking for an heir for his industrial empire, in particular a foundling like himself.
Mountains of the Moon	American	drama	Bob Rafelson	Exploratory adventures of 1857, Sir Richard Burton (Patrick Bergin) and John Hanning Speke (Iain Glen), try to discover the true source of the Nile river.
Track 29	American	drama	Nicolas Roeg	The childless wife of a small town doctor in North Carolina, tired of his spending too much time playing with his model trains and her empty life, meets a young British hitchhiker in a café. She starts thinking he might be the baby she was made to give up for adoption when she was a schoolgirl of 15. In her fantasies, as the two start getting to know each other, she finds she has not only the child she has always missed but also a potentially virile lover. He for his part starts wanting to harm her husband, who in fact is planning to leave her for a nurse he loves.
A Show of Force	American	drama	Bruno Barreto	In 1978, Kate Melendez (Amy Irving) is a television news reporter who investigates the mysterious deaths of two radical Puerto Rican activists. The government claims they were terrorists while others claim the two were merely student activists. Despite threats to her own life, Melendez investigates the deaths, gradually leading her to conclude that undercover American agents were responsible for framing the activists as terrorists, and then murdering them.
Pyaar Ka Saaya	Bollywood	drama	Vinod Verma	Avinash Saxena lives with his uncle and cousin, Vimal. His uncle passes away, leaving the estate to him, as he is aware that Vimal is a wastrel and alcoholic. Nevertheless, the two cousins get along quite well. When Avinash goes to visit one of his houses in the country side, he finds out that his servant, Ram Prasad, had let his bedroom to a young woman, Gloria, without his permission. After he meets Gloria both of them fall in love with each other and get married in a simple temple ceremony. They then return to the city, where Gloria, who is now Pooja, is introduced to Vimal. Then one night while returning home from a late night movie, the couple are attacked and Avinash is killed, leaving Pooja widowed and devastated. Then a few months later, Pooja is approached by a fortune-teller, Maya Gangadhami, who informs her that Avinash has been in touch with her and would like to console her as well as warn her that the man who killed him is also going to kill her also. Pooja ridicules this, and tells Vimal about this. What Pooja does not know is that Vimal himself was responsible for hiring the killer to kill Avinash so that he could inherit the estate and wealth as the sole surviving relative, and with no proof available of Pooja's marriage, all he has to do is arrange her death at the hands of the same killer.
Paul and Michelle	British	drama	Lewis Gilbert	Taking place approximately three years after the events in Friends, Paul and Michelle follows the family of Paul Harrison (Sean Bury) and Michelle Latour (Anicée Alvina) after they have been reunited. At the beginning of the film Paul finishes prep school and he informs his father (whom he still has not forgiven for separating him from Michelle and their child) that he plans to look for Michelle and now because he is a legal adult he can no longer stop him. Paul has to cope with the difficulties he faces balancing work, college, and trying to maintain their family as well as a new love interest for Michelle. The actor portraying Paul's father, Ronald Lewis, went on to receive a knighthood, this role was Lewis's last feature film appearance.[citation needed]
 Railway Man, TheThe Railway Man	Australian	drama	Jonathan Teplitzky	During the Second World War, Eric Lomax is a British officer who is captured by the Japanese in Singapore and sent to a Japanese POW camp, where he is forced to work on the Thai-Burma Railway north of the Malay Peninsula. During his time in the camp as one of the Far East prisoners of war, Lomax is tortured by the Kempeitai (military secret police) for building a radio receiver from spare parts. The torture depicted includes beatings, rape, and waterboarding. Apparently, he had fallen under suspicion of being a spy, for supposedly using the British news broadcast receiver as a transmitter of military intelligence. In fact, however, his only intention had been to use the device as a morale booster for himself and his fellow prisoner-slaves. Lomax and his surviving comrades are finally rescued by the British Army. Some 30 years later, Lomax is still suffering the psychological trauma of his wartime experiences, though strongly supported by his wife Patricia. His best friend and fellow ex-POW Finlay brings him evidence that one of their captors, Japanese secret police officer Takashi Nagase, is now working as a tourist guide in the very camp where he and his men once tortured British POWs, having escaped prosecution for his war crimes. Before Lomax can act on this information, Finlay, unable to handle his memories of his experiences, commits suicide by hanging himself from a bridge. Lomax travels alone to Thailand and returns to the scene of his torture to confront Nagase 'in an attempt to let go of a lifetime of bitterness and hate'. When he finally confronts his former captor, Lomax first questions him in the same way Nagase and his men had interrogated him years before. The situation builds up to the point where Lomax prepares to smash Nagase's arm, using a club and a clamp designed by the Japanese for that purpose and now used as war exhibits. Out of guilt, Nagase does not resist, but Lomax redirects the blow at the last moment. Lomax threatens to cut Nagase's throat and finally pushes him into a bamboo cage, of the kind in which Lomax and many other POWs had been placed as punishment. Nagase soon reveals that the Japanese (including himself) were brainwashed into thinking the war would be a victorious one for them, and that he never knew the high casualties caused by the Imperial Japanese Army. Lomax finally frees Nagase, throws his knife into the nearby river, and finally at peace with himself, returns to Britain. After an indefinite period of time, Lomax returns, with Patricia, to Thailand. He meets up with Nagase once again, and in an emotional scene, after exchanging and accepting each other's apologies, the two make peace. The epilogue relates that Nagase and Eric remained friends until their deaths in 2011 and 2012, respectively.
Dangerous Game	American	drama	Abel Ferrara	Utilizing a film-within-a-film format, the overall plot involves New York City-based director Eddie Israel directing actors Sarah Jennings and Frank Burns in a Hollywood marital-crisis drama, Mother of Mirrors, which is about a formerly wealthy but unemployed husband who berates his newly religious wife about what he considers her hypocritical aversion to their sex-and-drug lifestyle. During the shooting of that film, Israel becomes more and more demanding of his actors, growing increasingly obsessive with finding the ugly truths beneath the story's surface. All the while, his own carelessness and bad behavior with his own family begins to erode him and to corrode his marriage to Madlyn.
Ang Babaeng Humayo	Filipino	drama	Lav Diaz	Horacia Somorostro (Charo Santos-Concio) was released in 1997 after being imprisoned for a crime she did not commit. Although Somorostro reunites with her daughter, she learns that her husband is now deceased and her son is missing. She realized that a thing remains unchanged - the power and privilege of the elite. This belief is cemented when Somorostro later found out that her former rich lover, Rodrigo Trinidad was the one who framed her for a crime. She learns that Trinidad is forced to stay within his house like his friends due to kidnapping incidents targeting the rich. To the ruling class, the kidnappings are the most serious problem in the country's history. Somorostro begins to plot her revenge amidst the crisis.
The Cemetery Club	American	drama	Bill Duke	Based on the play by Ivan Menchell, this comedy-drama concerns three friends, Doris (Olympia Dukakis), Lucille (Diane Ladd), and Esther (Ellen Burstyn). All three live in the same Jewish community in Pittsburgh, are in their mid-to-late 50s, and have become widows within the past few years. Once a week, they gather to visit their husbands' graves and meet at a deli afterward to talk about their lives. Doris remains fiercely devoted to her late husband and takes her responsibilities as a widow seriously. Lucille is eager to get her feet back in the waters of dating, partly as revenge against her late husband, who often cheated on her, and partly because she's very lonely by herself. Esther is also not used to being alone after 39 years of marriage, but she doesn't feel ready to start dating again, at least not until she meets Ben (Danny Aiello), a former cop turned cab driver who gradually but firmly eases his way into her life. Doris is appalled when she discovers that Esther is dating again and loudly protests that she's being disrespectful to her late husband, while Lucille is more than a bit jealous that Esther snagged a good man before she could. All of which comes to fruition at the wedding of their friend Selma (Lainie Kazan). Jerry Orbach and Lee Richardson appear in a brief prologue sequence.
The Flanagan Boy	British	drama	Reginald Le Borg	A shady promoter (James) spots a young boxer (Wright) and takes him under his wing, in an attempt to launch a comeback into prizefighting. He secures the backing of a wealthy Italian (Valk), but problems start to arise when the fighter becomes romantically involved with the millionaire's wife (Payton).
The Unbearable Lightness of Being	American	drama	Philip Kaufman	Charismatic Czech brain surgeon, Tomas, a successful lothario in Communist Czechoslovakia, is pursuing a love/hate affair with Sabina, an equally care-free artist in Prague. One day, Dr Tomas makes a long distance call to a spa town for a specialized surgery. There, he meets dissatisfied waitress Tereza, who desires intellectual stimulation. She tracks him down in Prague and moves in with him, complicating Tomas's extra-domestic sexual affairs. Tomas asks Sabina to help Tereza find work as a photographer. Tereza is fascinated and jealous as she grasps that Sabina and Tomas are lovers, but has a somewhat lesbian affection for Sabina. Nevertheless, Tomas marries Tereza, in a simple ceremony with both perpetually laughing, followed by her double standard distress about Tomas' promiscuity. Although she considers leaving Tomas, she becomes more attached to Tomas when Soviet Army tanks invade Czechoslovakia. Amidst the confusion, Tereza photographs demonstrations against the Soviet forces and victims, then hands the rolls of film to foreigners to smuggle to the West. Facing the stultifying reality that replaced the Prague Spring, Tomas, Sabina and Tereza flee Czechoslovakia for Switzerland: first Sabina, then the hesitant Tomas and Tereza. In Geneva, Sabina encounters Franz, a married university professor: they begin a love affair. After some time, he decides to abandon his wife and family for her. After hearing the declaration, Sabina abandons Franz, feeling he would emotionally weigh her down. Meanwhile, Tereza and Tomas attempt to adapt to Switzerland, whose people Tereza finds inhospitable. When she discovers that Tomas continues womanizing, she leaves him and returns to Czechoslovakia. Upset by her leaving, Tomas follows Tereza to Czechoslovakia, where his passport is confiscated, trapping him in-country: nevertheless, his return elates Tereza. They are re-united. In Prague, Tomas has resumed his brain surgeon position, but having written a scathing article criticizing the Soviet-backed Czech régime before the invasion, berating them for claiming ignorance of Soviet political purges but seeming unremorseful, noting Oedipus Rex plucked out his eyes upon understanding his crime, but the autocractic figures haven't, has rendered him a political anomaly and has jeopardized his re-employment. The régime demands his signature to a letter repudiating the article, claiming that Tomas' article fueled the anti-communist sentiment. Tomas refuses and is presumably black-listed from practising medicine. Tomas is apparently a window washer, and is recognized by the daughter of a high-ranking official, aware of her family connection, brazenly does his trademark take off your clothes line that is successful in examining a pain in her back. As a waitress, Tereza meets an engineer who propositions her. Aware of Tomas's infidelity, she encounters a one-time and passionless sexual liaison with the engineer. Remorseful, she fears the engineer might have been a secret agent for the régime, who might denounce her and Tomas. She contemplates suicide at a canal bank; by chance, Tomas passes by Tereza and woos her back. Stressed by insubstantial city life, Tereza convinces Tomas to leave Prague for the country: they go to a village where an old patient of Tomas's welcomes them. In the village, they live an idyllic life, far from the political intrigues of Prague. In contrast, Sabina has gone to the US, where she continues with the detached bohemian style of life. Later, Sabina is shocked by the letter telling of the fate of Tereza and Tomas in a fatal traffic accident while returning after drinking in a tavern. Their lightness no longer unbearable, Tereza and Tomas were deeply satisfied as they drove towards death.
Veronika Decides to Die	American	drama	Emily Young	Although living what looks like a successful life, Veronika (Sarah Michelle Gellar) is depressed and cannot find meaning in her existence. Intending suicide, she takes an overdose, blaming her attempted suicide on the failure of the world to recognize what is real. She wakes inside an exclusive and expensive mental asylum only to learn that the overdose has left her prone to an aneurysm that will kill her in a matter of weeks. At first, Veronika wants only to accelerate the process, and even a visit by her adoptive parents fails to rekindle her will to live. Her parents love her, but while they are prepared to spend their dwindling resources to get her what help they can (not knowing her death is imminent anyway), they don't truly understand her. They discouraged her from accepting a full musical scholarship at Juilliard because they wanted her to get a degree that could earn her a living. They do not see how she despairs at their constraints. In spite of herself and in spite of her disappointment with her materialistic life, Veronika finds renewed purpose through playing the asylum's piano and through observing and then connecting with the schizophrenic Edward (Jonathan Tucker). Not only does she recover her own will to live, Veronika helps Edward come out of his catatonic state, and the pair soon 'escape' (Dr Blake, looking out his window, observes them escaping, but doesn't send for anyone to bring them back) from the asylum together, determined to enjoy Veronika's final days as a couple. Veronika does not know that her aneurysm is the invention of her unorthodox psychiatrist Dr. Blake (David Thewlis), who is testing his theory that convincing her she has only weeks to live will restore her to health and cure her desire to commit suicide. He explains his treatment through letter to his estranged wife, a colleague from the asylum. Most people who attempt suicide repeat their attempts until successful.[citation needed] As long as she does not know the truth, he theorizes, she will consider each day as if it might be her last and thus treasure it. This is, he notes, actually true, as nobody knows when their end will come. When Veronika drifts off one morning on a bench at sunrise, Edward believes he has lost her, but his grief transforms to joy when she wakes. Celebrating what they believe might be one more day, the pair embrace and walk happily on the beach in the morning light, laughing and hold hands.
Choron Ka Chor	Bollywood	drama	Mohammed Hussain	Ashok (Dara Singh) plays a masked bandit often referred to Choran Ka Chor (Thief of Thieves) who attempts to mess with an international cartel of smugglers while also looking out for a poverty-stricken family who are about to be thrown out onto the street because they cannot pay the rent for their meager apartment.
Acı Aşk	Turkish	drama	A. Taner Elhan	Orhan, who works as a literature professor at a university in Eskisehir (a city in Central Anatolia), unexpectedly ends his relationship with Ayşe whom he was planning to marry, and comes to Istanbul where he meets Oya. After living possibly the happiest days of his life with Oya, who is a photographer, Orhan finds himself in the midst of a challenging love triangle as a result of the horrible things they encounter the first days of their marriage. Meanwhile, his new student Seda, pulls Orhan towards a point of no return. Tough days are ahead for Orhan whose life is turned upside down, torn between three women.
Clean, Shaven	American	drama	Lodge Kerrigan	The film begins with abstract images and sounds in the director's interpretation of schizophrenia. Peter Winter has recently been released from a mental institution and upon his release, must try to experience and understand a world that is all but foreign to him. Beginning the search for his daughter Nicole (Jennifer MacDonald), Peter's car is hit by a soccer ball. A young girl looks from beyond his windshield at him, and he gets out of the car. No actual images of the girl are shown after Peter exits his car, but the screams of a young girl are heard as if Peter is beating her. He carries a large orange bag into his trunk, and the audience is meant to presume that Peter killed this little girl. Winter returns home, where sounds invade his very being, and he is never completely at rest. He believes that there is a transmitter beneath the skin on his head and he proceeds to remove it. Peter is also disturbed by mirrors, and typically covers up any mirrors that he can access. The car that Peter drives becomes encased in newspaper, and he isolates himself from the outside world. Peter comes back home to find his mother Mrs. Winter (Megan Owen) still very disturbed about Peter's schizophrenia. She still treats Peter as a child, and does not want him to find his daughter. Peter, through his travels, becomes wrapped up in the investigation of the murder of another young girl. Jack McNally (Robert Albert), the detective on the case, is stymied because there is almost no evidence at the scene of the crime. Peter becomes a suspect in the case, but nothing found at the crime scene or in Peter's hotel room can link him to the murder. That does not stop the detective from following Peter after he kidnaps his daughter from her adoptive mother. Just as Peter begins to reconcile himself with his daughter, McNally shows up, desperate to take Peter in as the murderer. Peter foolishly takes out a gun and aims it at the police officer to try to protect his daughter from McNally. McNally, believing that what he is seeing is the dead body of Peter's daughter, opens fire on Peter, killing him. He finds the girl to be safe and fires Peter's gun in the air, so that he would not be charged for shooting a man unnecessarily. He then opens the orange bag and finds nothing but newspaper inside.
My Father and I	Chinese	drama	Xu Jinglei	Xiao Yu, a Beijing teenager, is abruptly left without a mother following a traffic accident. Her father, Lao Yu, with whom she has had little contact, becomes her legal guardian. He is unsure how to act in this role, but as time progresses their relationship matures into an affectionate one. Lao Yu is not the most dependable of men, however. He gambles, engages in small-time black market business transactions, and spends a great deal of time at a bar associating with other men who live similar lives. This culminates finally in his arrest, and he spends some time in prison. In his absence, Xiao Yu graduates from high school and begins her university studies, and begins living with her boyfriend, a hot-tempered student from Hunan. When her father is released, he finds his relationship with his daughter strained, due in no small part to her frustrations over his absence and lack of dependability, along with his fatherly concerns about her living arrangement. She and her boyfriend leave Beijing for Shanghai, where she becomes pregnant. When her relationship with her boyfriend does not work out, she returns to Beijing to live with her father, who sees her through her pregnancy and helps her raise her child. He has not entirely mended his ways, however, and frequently sneaks out at night to gamble. On one such occasion his friends decide to play a prank, and barge in on the game pretending to be the police—the stress of the experience causes Lao Yu to suffer a stroke, rendering him incapable of caring for himself. Xiao Yu nurses him at home while caring for the baby, hoping that he will recover, but he never does.
The White Unicorn	British	drama	Bernard Knowles	At a home for delinquent girls, a troublesome girl (Joan Greenwood), swaps reminiscences with the warden (Margaret Lockwood), who recounts her own unhappy marriage, divorce and tragic death of her second husband.[4]
A Kid for Two Farthings	British	drama	Carol Reed	In the busy wholesale-retail world of London's East End everyone, it seems, has unattainable dreams. Then a small boy - Joe - buys a unicorn, in fact a sickly little goat, with just one twisted horn in the middle of its forehead. This, he has been led to believe by a local tailor, Kandinsky, will bring everyone good fortune. The film has a haunting last image, of Kandinsky carrying the tiny body of the unicorn to the graveyard, whilst passing in the opposite direction is a Torah-reading Rabbi pushing a horn gramophone, a character that appears in the background several times during the film.
Richard's Things	British	drama	Anthony Harvey	On the death of the title character Richard, his widow discovers he had a secret long-term mistress. Despite the initial awkwardness between the two women, they soon begin to bond - and have a lesbian relationship.
Guilt Is My Shadow	British	drama	Roy Kellino	Jamie (Reynolds) is the getaway driver for a gang of robbers, but when the robbery goes wrong he drives off and makes his way by car and then train to a rural village, Welford, in Devon, where his estranged uncle, Kit (Holt), lives alone. Although Kit is not particularly pleased to see Jamie, he allows him to stay for a couple of days. A couple of days' stopover turns into an indefinite period, as Jamie, all the while sneering at Kit's rural life, gets a job (or is it a partnership?) at the local garage and eats Kit out of house and home. Things get momentarily worse for Kit as Jamie's estranged wife Linda (Sellars) turns up, hoping for reconciliation, but although Kit is wary of another unwanted guest at first, Linda is far more amenable than Jamie, whose attention has been diverted away by Betty (Morris), a single woman in the village whom he starts an affair with. Jamie is found to be stealing from Kit as well as the garage and when Linda confronts him he assaults her, and she kills him accidentally in an act of self-defence. Kit and Linda decide to hide the body, which draws them even closer together, and after telling the few people that are interested that Jamie has left the farm, life continues as before with Kit and Linda having fallen in love. Linda is still haunted by memories of Jamie however, and the situation becomes worse when Jamie's mother Eva (Avice Landone) arrives unexpectedly to see Jamie. Linda suffers something akin to a nervous breakdown, and the local doctor called to assist becomes suspicious at Linda's condition and actions, and calls the police. The police arrive and search for Jamie's body but are unable to find it, and are about to leave, when Linda's conscience gets the better of her and she calls them back to the house, presumably to make a complete confession and face the consequences, with Kit by her side. Locations An early shot is of the Torbay Express at Paddington and the scene then shifts to a shot of a down express at Coryton's Cove, Dawlish. There follow many scenes shot at Ashburton with Tillingham's garage being located next door to the site of the former Golden Lion hotel. Linda arrives by train at Staverton station where steam engines still run on the preserved South Devon Railway but the shot of her leaving the station jumps back to Ashburton. Recognisable coastal scenes are in Torquay where Thatcher's Rock, Hope's Nose and Long Quarry Point under Wall's Hill all appear in shot. The internal scenes are not very convincing representations of rural Devon architecture.
Poor Cow	British	drama	Ken Loach	18-year-old Joy starts her catalogue of bad choices by running away from home with Tom. They marry and have a son, Johnny. When Tom, a thief who mentally and physically abuses Joy, is jailed for four years after attempting a big robbery, she is left on her own with their son. After briefly sharing a room with her Aunt Emm, an aging prostitute, she moves in with Dave, one of Tom's former associates. Dave is tender and understanding in his treatment of Johnny and Joy, but the idyll is punctured when Dave gets 12 years for robbery. Intending to be faithful, Joy writes to him constantly, moves back with Aunt Emm, and initiates divorce proceedings against Tom. She takes a job as a barmaid, starts modelling for a seedy photographers' club and drifts into promiscuity. But when Tom is released, Joy agrees to go back to him for Johnny’s sake. One evening, after Tom has beaten her up, she runs out of their flat and returns to discover that Johnny is missing. After a frantic search, she finds him on a demolition site. Realising how much Johnny means to her, she accepts the need of compromise and stays with Tom, but she continues to dream of a distant future with Dave.
Belphegor the Mountebank	British	drama	Bert Wynne	The plot centres on the character Belphegor, a nobleman by birth whose life circumstances change and who is forced to take up the life of a traveling showman.[1]
One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich	British	drama	Caspar Wrede	Ivan Denisovich Shukhov has been sentenced to a camp in the Soviet gulag system. He was accused of becoming a spy after being captured briefly by the Germans as a prisoner of war during World War II. He is innocent, but is sentenced to ten years in a forced labor camp. The day begins with Shukhov waking up sick. For waking late, he is forced to clean the guardhouse, but this is a comparatively minor punishment. When Shukhov is finally able to leave the guardhouse, he goes to the dispensary to report his illness. It is relatively late in the morning by this time, however, so the orderly is unable to exempt any more workers and Shukhov must work. The rest of the novel deals mainly with Shukhov's squad (the 104th, which has 24 members), their allegiance to the squad leader, and the work that the prisoners (zeks) do in hopes of getting extra food for their performance. For example, they are seen working at a brutal construction site where the cold freezes the mortar used for bricklaying if not applied quickly enough. Solzhenitsyn also details the methods used by the prisoners to survive; the whole camp lives by the rule of survival of the fittest. Tiurin, the foreman of gang 104, is strict but kind, and the squad's fondness of Tiurin becomes more evident as the book progresses. Though a morose man, Tiurin is liked because he understands the prisoners, he talks to them, and he helps them. Shukhov is one of the hardest workers in the squad and is generally well-respected. Rations are meagre at the camp, but they are one of the few things that Shukhov lives for. He conserves the food that he receives and is always watchful for any item that he can hide and trade for food at a later date. At the end of the day, Shukhov is able to provide a few special services for Tsezar (Caesar), an intellectual who does office work instead of manual labor. Tsezar is most notable, however, for receiving packages of food from his family. Shukhov is able to get a small share of Tsezar's packages by standing in lines for him. Shukhov reflects on his day, which was both productive and fortuitous for him.
Possession	British	drama	Louis Mercanton	As described in a film magazine,[2] Lord Wheatley (Owen) purchases an island off Turkey and under Turkish rule. Upon arrival, he finds the natives bitterly opposed to his taking possession. They plan to install a young woman, Phroso (Longfellow), as dictator. Several fights occur between the islanders and Wheatley's servants. Mouraki Pacha (Maxudian) arrives and quells the natives, but covets Phroso. Wheatley rescues Phroso from Constantine Stephanopoulos (Capellani), who wants to marry her, but the Turkish governor threatens him with execution if he does not surrender her to him. They escape using a secret passageway but again fall into the Turkish ruler's clutches. However, an islander with a grievance against Mouraki Pacha stabs him and helps the pair to escape in their yacht.
Tap	American	drama	Nick Castle	Max Washington (Gregory Hines), just released from prison after serving time for burglary, is a talented tap dancer. His late father owned a dance studio that is now run by Little Mo (Sammy Davis, Jr.), whose daughter Amy Simms (Suzzanne Douglas) gives lessons to children. Back on the streets, Max isn't interested in dancing again but he is interested in seeing Amy, his former girlfriend. A local gangster, Nicky, doesn't care for Max personally but does try to recruit him to take part in a robbery. Amy has a job as dancer in an upcoming Broadway show and tells its choreographer about Max, hoping to land him a role in the chorus. Max is reluctant to agree to it, then incensed when he is humiliated during the auditions. Max must decide whether to swallow his pride and dance the way the man wants, or give up his art once and for all and return to a life of crime.
Mama	Chinese	drama	Zhang Yuan	The film focuses on a librarian struggling to raise her mentally handicapped son in modern-day Beijing while at the same time dealing with an absent and unresponsive husband. The story garnered much criticism from state-censors, who found the film too dark.[2] While the film was originally written to end on the dour note of the mother euthanizing her son, director Zhang Yuan eventually opted for a more open-ended and ambiguous conclusion.[2]
Young Lochinvar	British	drama	W.P. Kellino	In Scotland, a young knight, Lochinvar, insists on marrying Ellen, the woman he loves although she is betrothed to another. Undaunted, Lochinvar seeks Ellen at a ball at Netherby Hall to save her from a forced marriage. Asking first for a dance, he sweeps her off her feet onto his horse and rides away with her.
Black or White	American	drama	Mike Binder	Elliot Anderson (Kevin Costner) is widowed after a car crash leads to the death of his wife. Elliot raises his granddaughter Eloise as he struggles with his grief by binge-drinking. Elliot's world is turned upside-down when the child's black grandmother, Rowena (Octavia Spencer), demands that Eloise be brought under the care of her father, Rowena's son, Reggie (Andre Holland), a drug addict whom Elliot blames for the negligence that led to the death of his own daughter. Elliot finds himself deeply entrenched in a custody battle and will stop at nothing to keep his granddaughter from coming under the watch of her reckless father.
To Sleep with Anger	American	drama	Charles Burnett	Harry (Danny Glover), an enigmatic old friend from the South, comes to visit Gideon (Paul Butler) and his wife Suzie (Mary Alice), who haven't seen him for many years, who are delighted to see him again, and who insist that he stay with them for as long as he would like. Gideon and Suzie live in South Central Los Angeles, though they retain some of their rural southern ways, including raising chickens in the backyard. Harry has a charming, down-home manner, but his presence brings to a crisis the simmering trouble that is already in the family—especially as regards the younger son, Samuel or Baby Brother (Richard Brooks), and his relation to his parents, wife, and older brother, Junior (Carl Lumbly). His disruptive presence is dangerous (his influence threatens to break up Samuel's marriage and seems to be related to the illness that puts Gideon in bed in serious condition for a couple weeks), but ultimately purgative: Gideon's extended family is much more cohesive as a result of Harry's visit. The storm accompanying the wound Suzie suffers when she grasps the knife that Samuel and Junior are struggling over during their climactic fight clears while the two brothers quietly reconcile (during a long wait in an emergency room) and, similarly, the simmering anger that Harry seemed to bring to a boil is also dissipated. Harry's death just before the end of the film suggests, ambiguously, that he has been to a degree a self-sacrificing savior of the family.
Khela	Bengali	drama	Rituparno Ghosh	Khela is about an idealistic director's (Prosenjit Chatterjee) desire to make a film with a boy who he thinks is just perfect for the role. His wife (Manisha Koirala) wants a baby and the husband feels that the child will compromise the artiste in him. Here the aspiring but passionate film maker creates a bond with a superb rut of a child and who does feel that a child may spoil his career, started re-discovering a child within him. The film also deals with relationships and emotions but with a twist by adding up humor, adventure and edge-of-the-seat mystery.
Sense and Sensibility	American	drama	Ang Lee	On his deathbed, Mr. Dashwood tells his son from his first marriage, John, to take care of his second wife and three daughters, Elinor, Marianne, and Margaret, since they will inherit nothing. John's greedy and snobbish wife Fanny convinces him to give his half sisters practically nothing financially; John and Fanny immediately install themselves in the large house, forcing the Dashwood ladies to look for a new home. Fanny invites her brother Edward Ferrars to stay with them. Elinor and Edward soon form a close friendship, but Fanny haughtily tells Mrs. Dashwood that Edward would be disinherited if he married someone of no importance with no money. Mrs. Dashwood understands her meaning completely. Sir John Middleton, a cousin of the widowed Mrs. Dashwood, offers her a small cottage house on his estate, Barton Park in Devonshire. She and her daughters move in, and are frequent guests at Barton Park. The Dashwoods meet the older Colonel Brandon, who falls in love with Marianne at first sight. However, Marianne considers him an old bachelor, incapable of feeling love or inspiring it in another. One afternoon, Marianne takes a walk with Margaret and slips and falls in the rain. She is carried home by the dashing John Willoughby, with whom Marianne falls in love. They spend a great deal of time together, but on the morning she expects him to propose marriage to her, he instead leaves hurriedly for London. Sir John's mother-in-law, Mrs. Jennings, invites her daughter and son-in-law, Mr. and Mrs. Palmer, to visit. They bring with them the impoverished Lucy Steele. Lucy confides in Elinor that she and Edward have been engaged secretly for five years, dashing Elinor's hopes of a future with him. Mrs. Jennings takes Lucy, Elinor, and Marianne to London, where they meet Willoughby at a ball. He greets Marianne uncomfortably and barely acknowledges their acquaintance, and they soon learn he is engaged to the extremely wealthy Miss Grey. Marianne becomes inconsolable. Colonel Brandon later explains to Elinor that Willoughby seduced and abandoned his ward Beth, the illegitimate daughter of his former love, Eliza. When Willoughby's aunt and benefactress Lady Allen learned of his behavior, she disinherited him and so he chose to marry for money. Lucy is invited to stay with John and Fanny, as a way for Fanny to avoid inviting the Dashwood sisters to visit them. Lucy, falsely believing that she has a friend in Fanny, confides her clandestine engagement to Edward and is thrown out of the house. Edward's mother demands that he break off the engagement. When he refuses, she arranges to have his fortune transferred to his younger brother, Robert. On hearing this, Colonel Brandon offers Edward the parish on his estate, feeling sympathy for the unfortunate but honorable Edward. On their way home to Devonshire, Elinor and Marianne stop for the night at the country estate of the Palmers, who live five and a half miles away from Willoughby's estate. Marianne cannot resist going to see the estate; she becomes gravely ill trekking up a hill in a torrential rain. Colonel Brandon finds her in the rain and brings her home. Elinor stays at her side until she recovers, and the sisters return home. Colonel Brandon and Marianne begin spending time together, as Marianne has a new appreciation for him. She admits to Elinor that even if Willoughby had chosen her, she was no longer convinced that love would have been enough to make him happy. The Dashwoods soon learn that Miss Steele has become Mrs. Ferrars and assume that she is married to Edward. Later when Edward visits their house, they learn that Miss Steele unexpectedly jilted him in favor of his brother Robert, and Edward is thus released from his engagement. Edward proposes to and marries Elinor. Edward becomes a vicar, under the patronage of Colonel Brandon, whom Marianne marries. Willoughby is seen watching their wedding from a distance, and then rides away.
Phenomenon	American	drama	Jon Turteltaub	George Malley is a kind but average auto mechanic in a small town in Northern California. While celebrating his 37th birthday at a local bar with his best friend, Nate, and father figure, Doc Brunder, he steps outside while drunk. A ball of shining bright white lights moves around in the sky, grows closer and hits him in the head, making a loud sound and knocking him down. When he comes to and re-enters the bar, he learns that nobody else saw the lights nor did they hear the sound. Doc notices something is amiss when George quickly achieves a checkmate in their chess game. George begins to exhibit remarkable levels of intelligence. He easily absorbs vast amounts of information, formulates new, revolutionary ideas, as well as developing psychokinesis. Not needing sleep, he spends each night reading multiple books. George tries to use his new intelligence for the good of his community. He correctly predicts an earthquake without any equipment. When Doc is called to aid a sick Portuguese man, George learns the language in minutes and helps translate. He then uses his telekinesis to rescue the man's young relative. Visiting Nate, George decodes and responds to a signal on Nate's shortwave radio, though Nate asks him to forget about it out of fear that they might be picking up information from a nearby air force base. During this time of upheaval the townsfolk become wary, but George finds support from Doc, Nate and from a growing relationship with a single mother, Lace, and her children, Al and Glory. George also sets a plan in place to help Nate get together with the mother of the Portuguese boy he rescued. George invites Lace to join him on a trip to UC Berkeley to meet with seismologist Professor Ringold about George's earthquake prediction. Instead, the FBI takes George and Nate into custody over his code-breaking. He breaks more codes, then astounds Dr. Nierdof by easily answering a series of difficult quizzes and exams. When George threatens to talk to the press, he is finally released. Returning to the local bar, George becomes frustrated with friends' questions about his abilities, and he causes a large mirror to break via telekinesis. Lace visits him to provide a shave and a haircut. Their innocent intimacy scares her since she has tried so hard to not like him, but it encourages him to stop avoiding the townsfolk. He goes to the county fair to ease fear with a demonstration of his powers, but the crowd goes into a frenzy, demanding his attention and his perceived healing powers. George is knocked to the ground, where he again sees the balls of light, before losing consciousness. George awakens in a hospital. With Lace and Nate there for support, Doc explains that George has a deadly brain tumor. This has caused the lights and stimulated George's phenomenal brain functions. They have called Dr. Wellin, a leading brain surgeon, to see if an operation can save George's life. Dr. Wellin later determines there is only a 1 in 500 chance of survival, but wants to proceed with an invasive operation solely to do research on George's living brain. When George refuses, saying he still has work to do, the doctor has him declared mentally unfit and held against his will. George escapes from the hospital and returns home. He spends time with Nate, then goes to Lace's to spend time with her and her children. The FBI agent shows up, but Lace persuades him to let George die in peace. George and Lace share a romantic and intimate time, but he informs her that he is about to die and she cries as she holds him. Professor Ringold arrives at Lace's house, only to learn that he is too late. Lace gives him George's research materials, so he can finish George's breakthrough work. A year later, George's friends are gathered for what would have been his 38th birthday. Nate, now fluent in Portuguese, is married to a visibly pregnant Ella. Other signs of George's phenomenal impact on the town and its people are seen all around.
Eşrefpaşalılar	Turkish	drama	Hüdaverdi Yavuz	The film is about two friends, Tayyar (Hüseyin Soysalan), a mafia leader, and Davut (Turgay Tanülkü), a neighborhood coffee shop owner, who move from their hometown, Eşrefpaşa, to Istanbul, where they both fall for Eleni (Sermin Hürmeriç). Tayyar marries the girl, but she is actually in love with Davut. Aware of the situation, Tayyar attempts to take revenge on Davut by encouraging his foster child, Nusret (Burak Tarık), to become involved in the mafia. Nusret is forced to choose between the girl he loves and the appealing world of big money, but when a hodja is appointed to the derelict neighborhood mosque, the course of events starts to change on its own.
My First Wife	Australian	drama	Paul Cox	The film follows the dissolution of John and Helen's marriage and the aftermath.
The Virgin and the Gypsy	British	drama	Christopher Miles	Based on a 1926 work by D.H. Lawrence, the film follows two sisters, Lucille and Yvette, who come to the English countryside for a vacation. Along the way, Yvette is interested in a gypsy who lives not far from her family's home. Slowly, Yvette becomes attracted to the gypsy, leading her to consider whether she wants to have a mundane life or a romance with someone her family may not accept.
Radio Inside	American	drama	Jeffrey Bell	Having graduated from college, Matthew Anderson travels to Florida to spend some time with his older brother while deciding what career to pursue. He is not motivated by money or desire for worldly success; he spends a great deal of time observing marine creatures at the local marine life observation station, and successfully defends his right (against the landlady) to have a small aquarium in the rented apartment. He also earns a significant paycheck by writing radio advertisements, but that sort of work repels him. Urged by his brother to get a job, he becomes a lifeguard at the municipal swimming pool. In flashback scenes the audience learns that the boys used to spend pleasant summers at a Wisconsin lake with their family, often swimming across the lake for sport. The final such summer ended in tragedy - Michael had been busy with his career by then and was not at the lake; Matthew and his father began swimming across the lake but the father suffered cramps midway and drowned despite Matthew's frantic efforts to save him. Much of the film is devoted to Matthew's inner thoughts, including his conversations and visits with Jesus. Matthew tells us at the film's beginning that his stream-of-consciousness thoughts are like having a radio inside, with the dial being constantly tuned across the spectrum of available stations. Michael is dating a girl, Natalie, and is considering asking her hand in marriage. However, he is often insensitive to her emotional needs, a fact which his younger brother recognizes and tries to help with. Matthew then becomes emotionally attached to Natalie, but finally realizes that in order to keep his brother, he must give Natalie up, much as he gave up his father. The heaviness of this realization drives him to a suicide attempt. He concludes that God wants people to give everything to God, at least everything they value dearly.
Voyage of the Damned	British	drama	Stuart Rosenberg	Based on historic events, this dramatic film concerns the 1939 voyage of the MS St. Louis, which departed from Hamburg carrying 937 Jews from Germany, ostensibly bound for Havana, Cuba. The passengers, having seen and suffered rising anti-Semitism in Germany, realised this might be their only chance to escape. The film details the emotional journey of the passengers, who gradually become aware that their passage was planned as an exercise in propaganda, and that it had never been intended that they disembark in Cuba. Rather, they were to be set up as pariahs, to set an example before the world. As a Nazi official states in the film, when the whole world has refused to accept the Jews as refugees, no country can blame Germany for their fate. The Cuban government refuses entry to the passengers, and the liner heads to the United States. As it waits off the Florida coast, the passengers learn that the United States also has rejected them, leaving the captain no choice but to return to Europe. The captain tells a confidante that he has received a letter signed by 200 passengers saying they will join hands and jump into the sea rather than return to Germany. He states his intention to run the liner aground on a reef off the southern coast of England, to allow the passengers to be rescued and reach safety there. Shortly before the film's end, it is revealed that the governments of Belgium, France, the Netherlands, and the United Kingdom have each agreed to accept a share of the passengers as refugees. As they cheer and clap at the news, footnotes disclose the fates of some of the main characters, suggesting that more than 600 of the 937 passengers, who did not resettle in the United Kingdom but in the other European nations, ultimately were deported and died in Nazi concentration camps.
Aparajita Tumi	Bengali	drama	Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury	Pradip and Kuhu, an NRI couple with two children, start having problems because of Kuhu's straightforward nature and blatant comments which end up hurting people. Ushoshi and Ronojoy are another couple. While Ronojoy seems to be a cynical workaholic who is not bothered about the voids in his life, Ushoshi is extremely sensitive about things like their childlessness. As Kuhu repeatedly hurts the insecure Ushoshi, Pradip finds himself empathizing with her, and they eventually end up having an affair. Kuhu moves out with her children, whom she temporarily places in the care of her parents, while she takes time to think about her next step. Meanwhile, she has a brief encounter with ex-boyfriend Yusuf, which brings back nostalgic old memories, pain and loneliness. While Yusuf is clearly interested in a relationship, Kuhu is cold and distant, which finally drives him away. Meanwhile, Pradip suffers from splitting headaches, and it is soon discovered that he has cancer. As he battles the disease, Kuhu finally comes back, perhaps forgiving him. Ushoshi's husband comes to know about her affair with Pradip, and profoundly eccentric and cynical as he is, he sets her free to choose what she wants to do next without complaint. Ushoshi comes to visit Pradip, and Kuhu behaves quite normally with her, attempting to brush aside any bitterness. Ushoshi says that she has decided to return to India, and leaves without saying goodbye to Pradip. In the end, Kuhu is seen alone on a beach, clutching a book of poems (সুধীন্দ্রনাথ দত্তের শ্রেষ্ঠ কবিতা) Yusuf had presented her, and along with that, she holds a letter he had left her, mentioning how he was going away, not willing to disturb her anymore.
Talk Radio	American	drama	Oliver Stone	Barry Champlain, a Jewish radio personality in Dallas, Texas, is a host with a caustic sense of humor and a knack for condescending his audience with his controversial politically left-wing views. Champlain's radio show is about to go nationwide. A former suit salesman, he achieves his rise to fame through guest shots on the Jeff Fisher radio show. Barry begins to steal the show with his acerbic sense of humor and sharp wit, which aggravates Fisher. Barry is subsequently given his own show which rises to the top of the Arbitron radio ratings. Barry receives calls from people who appreciate him for what he does and how he does it as well as people who seem to hate him. Attacking everyone from gays to drug addicts to rednecks to African Americans, he has a substantial number of hostile callers, from people who take offense to his attitude to radical right wingers to hate groups phoning in to harass and intimidate him. He receives threatening fan mail when one caller makes a bomb threat. His rise to fame is accompanied not only with attention from radical far-right elements, but also with the alienation of his wife. As his show is going through a final audition to go into national syndication, Barry grows increasingly isolated and asks his ex-wife Ellen to come and visit him, saying he needs her input and that she's the only person he trusts. They attempt a return to their relationship. Using a fake name and calling from the radio studio, Ellen talks to Barry on the air—the only place he seems to relate to people openly—in an attempt to reach him, to bring him back from the depression he seems to be suffering from. She begs for him to come back, but Barry refuses, bitterly attacking her as the radio production staff, all friends of Ellen, watch in horror; Ellen walks away. Barry confesses his true intentions, admitting he cares more for personal gain than the societal ills he addresses and refusing to apologize for his hypocrisy. He shouts that the American people scare him because of what has happened to his friends, family, and co-workers. He berates his callers that they have nothing worth saying, and that they tolerate his abuse and return for more. He screams at them to go away, seemingly unaware of the obvious fact that he attracts his own listeners and most of the ire he receives. In the end he realizes he has made his own bed and is as stuck with them as they are with him. Despite Barry's meltdown, his co-workers tell him it's now the highest rated segment in the show's history and his boss adds that the show is going to go national. While walking to his car, an apparent fan asks for his autograph. As Barry signs it, the fan pulls out a gun and shoots him several times, killing him. As the film ends, callers to Barry's show, then his co-workers and Ellen, speak on air about him. They say that Barry was a talented, smart and funny man, but maybe he finally pushed someone too far.
Straight Out of Brooklyn	American	drama	Matty Rich	Dennis, living in a Red Hook housing project in Brooklyn, New York has had enough of poverty, and witnessing his alcoholic father beat his mother. His father is depressed and troubled from working hard for the white man for so many years, yet having nothing to show for it. Dennis and two friends come up with a plan to rob a local drug dealer and split the money. One of the friends asks his uncle to borrow his car, and then a connection he has gives him a shotgun for the operation. Dennis keeps telling his girlfriend that they will soon have money and be able to move out of Brooklyn, but he does not actually tell her of the plan. When he does eventually explain what he is about to do, she leaves him and tells him the relationship is over. Meanwhile, his mother loses her job due to the bruises on her face from the ongoing domestic violence. On the day of the robbery, Dennis and his friends wait in the car for the dealer to come out with a briefcase full of cash. As they drive up to him, Dennis points the gun in his face and tells him to hand over the bag, yet he doesn't actually shoot him as his friends were discussing in the car. The dealer complies, and they speed off. The dealer has now seen their faces, and after being ordered by the gangster he works for to get the money back, he goes out looking for the three. When Dennis and his friends take the briefcase back home and realise that it contains much more than they expected, the other two get scared and realize they will be targeted for stealing the bag in the first place. After an argument with Dennis, they leave all the money with him and say they want nothing to do with it. The same night, Dennis brings the money home to show his family and tells them they can move out of the projects, but his father is less than happy about what his son has done. This causes an argument in the house which leads to more violence and Dennis' mother having to go to the hospital. The next day at the hospital, Dennis' father goes out for some air when the drug dealer who was robbed sees him and recognizes who he is. The dealer and his accomplices chase him and he is blocked on both sides and shot dead. At the same time, in the hospital, Dennis' mother dies with her son and daughter by her side. The movie ends with the bloodied father lying still in death, against a fence.
Powder	American	drama	Victor Salva	Jeremy Powder Reed is an albino young man who has incredible intellect and is able to sense the thoughts of the people around him. Jeremy's brain possesses a powerful electromagnetic charge, which causes electrical objects to function abnormally when he is around them, particularly when he becomes emotional. The electromagnetic charge also prevents hair from growing on his body. Jeremy's mother was struck by lightning while pregnant with him; she died shortly after the strike, but Jeremy survived. His father disowned him shortly after his premature birth, and he was raised by his grandparents. Jeremy lived in the basement and worked on their farm, never leaving their property and learning everything he knew from books. He is taken from his home when his grandfather is found dead of natural causes. Jessie Caldwell (Mary Steenburgen), a child services psychologist, takes him to a boys' home because he is now effectively a ward of the state. Jessie enrolls him in high school, where Jeremy meets physics teacher Donald Ripley (Jeff Goldblum). Donald finds out that Jeremy has supernatural powers as well as the highest IQ in the history of mankind. While his abilities mark him as special, they also make him an outcast. On a hunting trip with his schoolmates, Jeremy is threatened with a gun by John Box (Bradford Tatum), an aggressive student who views him as a freak. Before John can fire, a gun goes off in the distance, and everyone rushes to see that Harley Duncan, a Sheriff's deputy, has shot a doe. Anguished by the animal's death, Jeremy touches the deer and Harley, inducing in Harley what the students assume is a seizure. However, Harley admits that Jeremy had actually caused him to feel the pain and fear of the dying deer. Because of the experience, Harley removes all of his guns from his house, although Sheriff Doug Barnum allows him to remain as a sheriff's deputy without a sidearm. Doug enlists Jeremy to help speak to his dying wife through telepathy. Through Jeremy, the sheriff learns that his wife clings onto life because she didn't want to leave without her wedding ring on her finger and without him reconciling with his estranged son, Steven. She tells him that Steven found the ring and that it has been sitting in a silver box on her nightstand the entire time. Doug then places the ring on his wife's finger and reconciles with Steven, letting his wife die peacefully. Jeremy meets Lindsey Kelloway (Missy Crider), a romantic interest, but their relationship is broken by Lindsey's father. Before the interruption, he tells Lindsey that he can see the truth about people: that they are scared and feel disconnected from the rest of the world but in truth are all connected to everything that exists. Jeremy goes back to the juvenile facility and packs away his belongings, planning to run away to his farm. He pauses in the gym to stare at a male student washing, noticing the latter's luxurious head of hair as well as body hair which he himself lacks, and is caught at it by John Box, who accuses him of homosexuality. John steals Jeremy's hat and taunts him, but Jeremy reveals that John's words mimic what his stepfather said before beating him when he was 12, infuriating him. John and the other boys humiliate Jeremy, stripping him naked and taunting him. His powers begin to manifest by pulling at their metal buttons and any piercings. Eventually, a large spherical electromagnetic pulse erupts throwing Jeremy into a mud puddle and everyone else to the ground. John is found still, with his heart stopped. Jeremy uses an electric shock to revive him. In the final scene, Jeremy returns to the farm where he grew up, now in probate with the bank, and finds that all of his possessions have been removed. He is joined by Jessie, Donald, and Doug, who persuade Jeremy to come with them to find a place where he will not be feared and misunderstood. Instead, he runs into a field where a lightning bolt strikes him, and he disappears in a blinding flash of light, possibly transcending earthly limitations and becoming pure energy (as Donald alluded to in an earlier conversation). The electrical jolt hits Jessie, Donald, Doug, and Harley.
Rossassa Fel Qalb (Bullet in the Heart)	Egyptian	drama	Mohammed Karim	Mohsen is a ladies' man. He has a close friend who is a polite doctor. Mohsen meets a lady, Fifi, and falls in love with her. He later discovers that she is engaged to his friend, the doctor. Although she wants to be Mohsen's lady, not the doctor's, Mohsen abandons her—he refuses her love and remains loyal to his friend.
The Hunted	American	drama	J.F. Lawton	Paul Racine, a computer chip company executive from New York, is on a business trip to Nagoya. He meets Kirina in the hotel lounge, and they have a one-night stand. After they part ways, Kirina is approached by Kinjo and two henchmen. Kinjo is the leader of the Makato cult, an organization of ninja assassins that was hired to kill her. He boasts that no one has seen his face and lived. Kirina shows no fear of dying, so he grants her final wish to show her his face. Racine returns, looking for his room key, and tries to defend Kirina, but he is late. Kinjo decapitates her as his men stab Racine, hit him with a poisoned shuriken and cut his throat, leaving him for dead. Racine awakens in a hospital room, but his claims of his encounter with ninjas are met with disbelief by the police. Lieutenant Wadakura dismisses the allegation and suspects that the murder is the work of a yakuza syndicate. Racine is approached by Ijuro Takeda, an expert on the cult and on Kinjo. Takeda claims Racine's life is in danger as he has seen Kinjo's face. Racine also finds out that Takeda is the last in a samurai line and has a feud with Kinjo. The ninjas attempt to finish Racine off at the hospital, killing several hospital staff and police officers, including Wadakura, but he escapes. Takeda and his wife Mieko subsequently take him to their family's stronghold, located on an island several hundred miles away. Leaving the city, Takeda secretly uses Racine as bait to draw Kinjo out, leading to a battle on the train where several passenger cars of innocent people are slaughtered by the ninjas. Takeda and Mieko kill the attackers, but discover that Kinjo did not take part in the assault. The ninjas' leader was Junko, Kinjo's lover; this increases Kinjo's motivation to kill Racine and Takeda. During the boat ride to the island, Mieko explains the history of the conflict between the two clans and the samurai concepts of courage and honor to Racine. On the island, Racine spends time with the drunken bladesmith Oshima, who is constructing a katana for Takeda. Despite the language barrier, the old man teaches him about smithing and swordsmanship. Meanwhile, Kinjo decides to find out who hired his clan to murder Kirina. The man he finds, Nemura, is a powerful yakuza figure who bought Kirina from her pimp uncle, then ordered her death when she left him after years of servitude. Disgusted that he killed an innocent woman over such a petty grievance, Kinjo kills the man. Three weeks after Kirina's death, Takeda's new sword is ready, and Racine's injuries have healed. Takeda arrives at the island and is dismayed to find that Oshima has been training Racine. He humiliates Racine in a friendly duel. When Racine announces that he wants to leave the island and return home to New York, Takeda has him imprisoned and alerts Kinjo of his whereabouts. Hordes of ninjas arrive, overwhelming Takeda's inexperienced samurai, but Takeda gets the duel with Kinjo he wanted. Kinjo is victorious, stabbing Takeda through the torso; Takeda in turn stabs Kinjo in the leg, but soon dies. As Kinjo is about to kill a helpless Mieko he is caught off-guard by Racine, whom Oshima had released on Mieko's instructions. Racine stabs Kinjo in the right shoulder, hurting his dominant arm. However, he is armed with only a sword he barely knows how to use. With his newfound skills and assistance from Mieko, Racine manages to decapitate Kinjo. Oshima then arrives in battle gear, and is annoyed to find all the ninjas dead. Racine, Mieko, and Oshima walk up the hill toward the family castle.
Colors of the Blind	Chinese	drama	Chen Guoxing	If not for attending a school for the blind, Ding Lihua (Tao Hong) is just like any other young, silly girl. The chirping of canary or the touch of snow will bring out a big smile from her. She hates it, however, when people mention her disability especially out of sympathy, and when her brother (Zhang Wankun) and sister-in-law (Ding Jiali) try to matchmake her with an older blind musician, she takes offense. One day, running after her brother's bicycle on the rural road, Ding is spotted by Li Mingsheng (Jiang Kai), a dedicated Paralympic coach who trains a group of disabled track athletes. Ding joins his team, though she quits not long after due to a disagreement with his harsh training method. Realizing that running under Li is her best bet to become something, she returns to the team, and Li quickly sees the potential and the competitive spirit in her. They train hard and Ding wins the 100-metre dash in her first official competition. Ding develops feelings for Li, even though she is also aware that he is fully healthy with a beautiful girlfriend Yu Su (Cui Qianmei). Around this time, Liu Yi (He Bing), a rich ex-classmate, visits her frequently with the intention of dating her. Though not interested in him, Ding borrows money from Liu to try to help Li mend his failing relationship with Yu, but Li and Yu still break up for good. Li thanks Ding, but rejects her love. Ding becomes sullen, and leaves the team again after an argument with Li. Li gains more understanding of blind people that they wish to be treated normally more than they need sympathy, while Ding also realizes that she needs to accept the reality that she is blind and different from others. After winning a gold medal at a Paralympic Games for China, Ding returns home and becomes a masseuse. It is through sports that she becomes a confident human being, and she begins to see colors in her dreams.
The Constant Nymph	British	drama	Adrian Brunel	Young composer Lewis Dodd (Novello) travels to Austria to visit his mentor Albert Sanger (Georg Henrich). He meets Sanger's teenage daughters Tessa (Poulton), Antonia (Benita Hume), and Pauline (Dorothy Boyd) and Sanger's third wife Linda (Mary Clare), who does not appear to be liked by Sanger's daughters. The atmosphere is jovial and celebratory, until Sanger dies very suddenly. Lewis contacts the girls' uncle in Cambridge, who comes to Austria accompanied by his daughter Florence (Frances Doble). After a whirlwind courtship Lewis proposes to Florence, who eagerly accepts his offer of marriage. Tessa is distraught at the news. It is decided that Tessa and Pauline will be sent to a boarding school in England. Meanwhile Lewis and Florence attempt to settle down in London, but find that in the home setting things are very different and Lewis comes to feel trapped by the superficiality of London society and the realisation of his wife's ambitious, pushy nature. Tessa and Pauline are unhappy at school and decide to run away, arriving at the home of Lewis and Florence on the evening on which Florence has arranged a musical recital designed to showcase Lewis' talents to her influential friends. Florence is extremely annoyed by the interruption to her evening and allows the girls to stay, but with ill-disguised bad grace. Lewis is angry at his wife's attitude, and ends up taking her to task in front of the gathering, leaving her humiliated. The atmosphere in the household deteriorates as the attraction between Lewis and Tessa becomes increasingly obvious. Lewis begins to treat Florence with increasing disdain and lack of respect. As the date of Lewis' first public performance draws near, he decides to leave Florence after the concert, and Tessa agrees to leave with him. Florence is suspicious that something is afoot, challenges Tessa and the two end up in a serious argument, after which Florence forbids Tessa from attending the concert. Left locked in alone at home on the evening of the concert, Tessa manages to escape through a window and makes her way to the theatre. Lewis' performance is a big success, but afterwards he ignores the congratulatory gathering Florence has assembled in his dressing room, and instead heads off with Tessa to catch the boat train for Belgium. Tessa begins to feel ill as she boards the boat and her condition deteriorates as the journey progresses. When they finally arrive at a dreary back-street lodging house in Brussels, it is clear that Tessa is seriously ill and the guilt-stricken Lewis begins to write a letter to Tessa's uncle begging for help and attempting to make it clear that he alone is responsible for the situation and Tessa has done nothing to merit reproach. Before he can finish the letter however, Tessa collapses and dies.
Heartbeat	South_Korean	drama	Unknown	Yeon-hee (Kim Yunjin) is the principal of a prestigious English-teaching preschool in Gangnam. She is a well-off widow, and a devout Christian. Yeon-hee remains hopeful in her faith that her daughter Ye-eun will be able to get a heart transplant surgery. But Yeon-hee has hired black-market organ dealers to search a healthy heart for her daughter. One donor is a live illegal immigrant, and Yeon-hee cannot bring herself to take his life in exchange for sending money to his family abroad. Time after time, the donors slip through her hands. Tired of waiting, Yeon-hee takes matters into her own hands, and betrays her conscience. She pays an exorbitant amount of money to arrange a transplant: the donor is a patient in a persistent vegetative state, and thus unable to consent. Yeon-hee rationalizes to her doctor friend that the vegetative patient is an answered prayer and pleads him to perform the transplant. Out of her guilt, Yeon-hee monologues to the patient, and cries that she would even go to hell for the illegal surgery, if it could save her little Ye-eun. When the time nears for her daughter's heart transplant surgery, Lee Hwi-do (Park Hae-il), the son of the woman in the vegetative state, suddenly appears to stop the transplant. In the past, Hwi-do was a bad son often leeching money off of his mother. He parted ways with his mother, but when he learns of the current situation he tries to protect his mother. With only a single heart, Yeon-hee and Hwi-do are both desperate to save the one they love. Just when Yeon-hee is about to carry the patient in an ambulance, Hwi-do shows up and gets into the ambulance with them. During the ride, he confiscates the transplant contracts from Yeon-hee (signed by Kang, who dated Hwi-do's mother for money), and takes over the driver's seat. Yeon-hee runs after the ambulance, but it is gone. Hwi-do brings his mother to a hospital, but Yeon-hee tracks down the hospital. Hwi-do and his girlfriend visit Ye-eun's hospital room to take Ye-eun captive. Hwi-do decides that he won't abduct Ye-eun, until Yeon-hee calls him that she is sorry for taking his mother. He then kidnaps Ye-eun, of which Yeon-hee's doctor friend notifies Yeon-hee about. Ye-eun records a conversation on her teddy bear while telling Hwi-do that her mother is not a bad person. Hwi-do and his girlfriend form a friendship with Ye-eun. Still, Ye-eun uses the girlfriend's cellphone to text Yeon-hee the consonants of the location of Hwi-do's auto repair shop. Yeon-hee receives the text, and discovers Hwi-do's place. She tazes Kang and offers Hwi-do an exchange of persons, which Hwi-do refuses. Hwi-do locks Ye-eun in his car and Yeon-hee keeps his mother in her van. Yeon-hee ambushes Hwi-do and beats him up with a plank from the street, while the organ dealers hired by Yeon-hee help carry Ye-eun to the van. Hwi-do and his girlfriend watch them drive off. Injured, Hwi-do limps to the hospital, to beat up Yeon-hee. Meanwhile, Yeon-hee rushes Ye-eun to the emergency room. Ye-eun tells her on the rolling cot, Why did you hit someone like that? What if he died? I'm scared of you, Mom... Yeon-hee becomes weak in the knees and reflects. Hwi-do arrives and finds Yeon-hee sobbing and listening to the audio recorded by the teddy bear. Yeon-hee repents. She apologizes to Hwi-do and tells him that his mother would have done the same thing as she did, and that he should take his mother home. Hwi-do then finds his mother, and asks her to move her hand. But her heartbeat fails. Yeon-hee weeps with him, and Hwi-do tells Yeon-hee that his mother wishes the transplant to happen. Months later, during Christmas Eve, Yeon-hee and a healthy Ye-eun are in a car on the way to a restaurant. Ye-eun says that the car seems weird, and needs to be checked out. They arrive at Hwi-do's auto shop, where Ye-eun gives her teddy bear as a present to Hwi-do's now-pregnant girlfriend. Hwi-do invites Yeon-hee for dinner. Yeon-hee quietly goes into the back of the shop and smiles at the picture of Hwi-do's mother.
Forever Flows	Bangladeshi	drama	Abu Sayeed	Nirontor (Forever Flows) portrays the struggle of Thithi, a young girl who comes of a lower-middle-class family. Tithi takes up the job of a call girl to support her family. In course of time the economical condition of the family changes. But slowly Tithi becomes very much aloof and indifferent to everything. She takes refuge in solitude.
Wetherby	British	drama	David Hare	Set in the town of Wetherby in West Yorkshire, the film focuses on Jean Travers, a middle-aged spinster schoolteacher. One evening, she invites married friends for a dinner party, only to have some terrible repressions and past traumas dredged up when guest John Morgan expresses his emotional pain. The strange young man arrives at Jean's cottage the next morning with a gift of pheasants. While sitting at the kitchen table waiting for tea, he puts the barrel of a gun in his mouth and kills himself. From this point onward, the film's story is told in chronologically discrete, interlocking flashbacks to the recent and distant past, showing actions and events as seen and experienced from various points of view. The central mystery of Morgan's suicide is the fulcrum around which the narrative turns. The narrative construction of the film resembles a jigsaw puzzle and, in keeping with Hare's style of exposition, frequently appears to have key pieces missing. There are further scenes of the dinner party as well as scenes of the police investigation into the suicide. We learn Morgan had not been an invited guest—he walked in with others who assumed he was an acquaintance of Jean's, and Jean assumed that her friends had brought him with them. An aloof and peculiar young woman named Karen Creasy—a former acquaintance of Morgan's—is delivered from the funeral to Jean's doorstep by Mike Langdon, one of the policemen conducting the inquest. For several weeks after, the girl insinuates herself into Jean's life and home and shows no intention of leaving. Sullen and self-centred, Karen is curiously unmoved by Morgan's death and is even hostile to his memory. It is later shown in flashbacks that Morgan had developed an obsession with Karen when they were both students at the University of Essex, and she had violently rebuffed his desperate attempt to initiate a relationship with her. It is implied this rejection may have been a factor in his decision to leave Essex for Yorkshire with the intention of committing suicide. When Jean suggests to Karen that she may have been responsible for Morgan's decision to kill himself, the young woman angrily denies that her behaviour was, or is, in any way provocative. Karen makes it clear that she hates emotional involvements—what she harshly describes as people digging into each other—and likewise resents Jean's attempt to engage her in a close relationship. In a sudden fit of pique, Karen quits Jean's home and Wetherby for good. But before leaving, she cruelly taunts Jean by remarking that, if Morgan's suicide wasn't merely an accident, then she would love to know what possible role the spinster played in causing it. In addition to the events occurring in the present day, there are flashbacks of Jean and her lifelong friend, Marcia, as teenagers in 1953. These scenes reveal Jean had been engaged to airman, Jim Mortimer, and that she failed to stop him from going away on active service in southeast Asia. In a brutal twist of fate, Jim was senselessly murdered in a gambling den during the anti-imperial uprisings in British Malaya. As these episodes from the past and present criss-cross and overlap, Jean begins to understand the dull resentment and lonely despair that drove Morgan to take his life. She also seems to gain some insight into the restlessness and self-destructive impulses of the younger generation. In a related incident, she tries to get one of her female students to see the value of continuing her education (At the end of the film, Jean is told that the girl has dropped out of the Sixth Form to run away to London, presumably with a boyfriend). Jean is likewise affected by the diminished hopes of her contemporaries, who bemoan the state of the country under Thatcherism. She regularly discusses these current matters with Stanley Pilborough, Marcia's husband and the town solicitor, who is often purposefully drunk. She observes the unhappy marriages of her middle-aged friends, particularly the endless bickering that goes on between Roger and Verity Braithwaite. Even lonely, despondent Mike Langdon confesses the failure of his relationship with his mistress, Chrissie, who eventually leaves him to return to her sheep farmer husband. In the end, it seems that Jean no longer needs to mourn for the life she might have had, and the person she might have become, had she not allowed her fiancé to make his fatal departure for Malaya three decades earlier. She will make the best of what she has, and the way things are, in the here and now.
Wrestling Ernest Hemingway	American	drama	Randa Haines	Frank is a retired Irish seaman. Walter is a retired Cuban barber. They are two lonely old men living in Florida, trapped in the emptiness of their own lives. When they meet in a park, the flamboyant Frank is finally able to start a conversation with the introverted Walter after several attempts. They begin to spend time together and become friends, sometimes meeting at the snack shop where Walter orders the same food every day and becomes fond of Elaine, a young waitress. Frank's salty talk and crude behavior in public offend Walter and threaten their friendship. In the meantime, Frank attempts to start a romance with Georgia, a woman he meets at the movies, while dealing with Helen, his landlord who is put off by his manner.
Yellow Hair	South_Korean	drama	Kim Yu-min	Yu-na and Sang-hee are two young women with dyed-yellow hair who live and sleep together, and do not care for the usual responsibilities of life, simply doing what they want. At a club that they frequent, they meet Yeong-kyu, another person drifting through life, and Yu-na brings him back to their apartment. Yu-na and Yeong-kyu strike up a sexual relationship, and Sang-hee joins in as well. They two girls are very sexually open with one another, but they become furious when they learn that Yeong-kyu has started seeing an ex-girlfriend, and the girls kill her out of anger. Delirious after a group of young men beat him and the two girls, and rape Yu-na, Yeong-kyu tells the girls that he needs to go see the woman they just murdered. Furious, Yu-na and Sang-hee kill Yeong-kyu, and proceed to vandalize the closed bar that they had taken Yeong-kyu to. When the police catch up with the two girls at the bar, yellow hair having been found in the murdered woman's apartment, they find the two girls having sex with one another.
Bastu Shaap	Bengali	drama	Kaushik Ganguly	Kushal (Parambrata Chatterjee) and Timir (Kaushik Ganguly) are Vaastu Shastra experts who are hired by Arjun (Abir Chatterjee) to examine the Vaastu of his Bungalow in Darjeeling. Kushal is instructed to masquerade as Arjun's school friend and Timir as Kushal's business partner, and are brought in to Arjun's Bungalow for the project under the pretext of a chance reunion between Arjun and Kushal. Arjun introduces them to his older sister Antara (Churni Ganguly) and his wife Bonya (Raima Sen), who seemingly recognizes Kushal. It becomes apparent that the household is in a disarray. Years earlier, Arjun and his family met with a car accident, due to which Arjun has suffered a permanent injury to his leg, and Antara has lost her husband and her only child. Upon Arjun's recovery, he moved to Darjeeling, but the family is unable to recuperate from their losses. Arjun and Bonya become distant while Antara obsesses over Bonya's son as a coping mechanism for losing her own, which creates tension between Bonya and Antara. Timir and Kushal get to work on their Vaastu Shastra modifications to the Bungalow. It is also revealed in interleaved flashbacks that Kushal and Bonya had met earlier after Bonya's family accident at the same hospital, where Arjun and Kushal's wife were admitted. Kushal and Bonya developed a slow friendship, and he gave her a crystal ball, asking her to put it beside Arjun's bed in hopes of speeding his recovery. One day Bonya visits Kushal's house and she sees a painting of Kushal's palm painted by Kushal's wife, dubbed The Lotus. Arjun recovers from his coma soon after, but Kushal's wife dies the same day. Kushal leaves for his wife's cremation while Bonya unable to find him moves on with Arjun. Kushal sees The Lotus hanging on Bonya's bedroom wall. Bonya is distraught with Arjun no longer being attracted to her, and the two express their love for each other momentarily. Bonya asks Kushal to do everything in his power to restore Arjun back to her. The very next day Arjun challenges Kushal to a duel, with Timir serving as Kushal's champion. After reaching a stalemate, Arjun decides to settle the duel on a suddent death -- Bonya would volunteer with a bottle on her head as the target for the shooters. Timir, realizing Kushal's love and fear for Bonya's safety deliberately loses the duel. Later that night Arjun rudely asks Kushal and Timir to leave his Bungalow the next morning after collecting their fees. Kushal agrees to leave, but instead of money he says he wants to take away with him their Bastu-Shaap -- a snake or a curse that lives in a household and yet is not killed or warded off despite being a potential danger to everyone in the house, since everyone gets used to it. He says this is the least he can do for the family before he departs without completing his project. He asks to take with him The Lotus, which Arjun confesses to have never liked, although Bonya always refused to give it away. He privately also asks Antara to leave Arjun and Bonya alone in their house and come with him to an NGO to take care of orphan children -- a place that would fulfil her need to be a motherly figure while leaving Arjun and Bonya to resume a normal family. Next morning, Antara is nowhere to be found and Arjun departs to search for her. Kushal bids farewell to Bonya who asks him to take his old crystal ball and bring it to her father who is very sick, believing that it will miraculously save him, just like it saved Arjun in the past. Driving out of the Bungalow Kushal and Timir meet Arjun, who confesses that he heard Bonya and Arjun professing their love for each other, when Bonya accidentally dropped her phone and it dialed his number. He says that hearing them, made him jealous and realize how much he loved and was possessive about Bonya and hence the duel and him throwing Kushal and Timir out rudely earlier. Later down the road they meet Antara, who was waiting for them to arrive. She gets in their car, and asks if the scarf she was knitting earlier would fit anyone in the orphanage. Kushal smiles and realizes that Antara has agreed to move out of Arjun and Bonya's household, and move on with her life. The three drive away and fade into the hilly fog of Darjeeling having effectively solved all of Arjun and Bonya's household problems.
Confessions of a Sorority Girl	American	drama	Uli Edel	The movie takes place in the 1950s. Sabrina Masterson is a conceited and wealthy teenager who is sent by her own mother to college to live at Alpha Beta Pi, a sorority house, because she couldn't handle her any more, explaining she was too evil. Upon her arrival, she is welcomed by everyone and assigned as the roommate of Rita Summers, the sorority president and most adored and popular girl. Sabrina soon takes an interest in her boyfriend Mort, who owns a bar at the beach, near the sorority house, and will soon enroll into medical school, hoping to become a doctor. She tries to flirt with him, but is unamused by his indifference. She soon starts taking it out on Rita and her friends Tina and Ellie, often embarrassing them or making catty remarks without directly confronting or insulting them. In spite of that, Rita still tries to befriend Sabrina and tells her about her bad relationship with her mother, explaining that she is often too busy to talk to her. Sabrina tries to upset her even more by saying that her relationship with her mother is very good. It soon turns out that isn't true. Mrs. Masterson gives her a surprise visit, expressing her disappointment in her. She tells Sabrina that she wants her to be more like her older sister Julia, who was once the sorority president, and terminates her allowance because of breaking a rule. Later that day, Sabrina and Ellie overhear Tina announcing that she is pregnant of her boyfriend Jimmy, who she secretly sees. Tina expresses her worries, considering an abortion. Sabrina helps her out not getting caught and thereby wins their trust. The next day, Ellie and Tina nominate her for sorority president, meaning she will be competing against Rita. When she finds out she can only become president if her grades for French are better, she seduces her teacher and later blackmails him. Later that night, she blackmails Rita to give up her title as sorority president, threatening to reveal that her mother is in jail if she doesn't. The next day, she is upset to find out her mother doesn't share her joy of becoming president, explaining she is too busy to attend the ceremony. She tries to find comfort with Mort, but he doesn't hide that he doesn't think highly of her. Jealous, she reveals Rita's secret about her mother, thinking it will end his relationship with her. However, Mort reacts madly. Sabrina later witnesses Mort being rejected by Rita when he tries to sleep with her, and she thinks she can profit from that information to win him back. In his bar, she seduces him into having sex with her. At first, he rejects her, but he finally gives in. Meanwhile, Tina went to Tijuana for an abortion, but she was too afraid to go through with it. Not knowing what to do with her future, she bursts out in tears. The next morning, Sabrina reveals that she has slept with Mort. Rita refuses to believe her, but when Mort admits to it, she is furious and slaps him. Sabrina, hoping they can finally be in a relationship, is surprised he turns her down and swears he will regret it. She tells Joe, who thinks he is her boyfriend, that he raped her. The plan backfires when Mort convinces Joe that he wouldn't do that, also assuring him that Sabrina is bad news. She next convinces Tina to tell everyone that Mort is the father of her baby, thereby possibly assuring her financial support. After the announcement, she is kicked out of campus, but, after a failed suicide attempt, keeps on blackmailing Mort. Vulnerable, she admits to him that she was pushed by Sabrina to do so. After she left, it turns out that he recorded the conversation. Later, Tina accepts a marriage proposal from Jimmy. Rita decides to rekindle with Mort after she hears the audio conversation. A jealous Sabrina, realizing she has been caught, hits Mort with a bat and beats up Rita. She locks them into Mort's bar and sets it on fire, leaving them to burn to their deaths. However, they are rescued by Jimmy and Sabrina is arrested.
The Fire Raisers	British	drama	Michael Powell	Jim Bronson is an insurance investigator, but he's unhappy with his work and gets involved with a gang of arsonists. His conscience is troubling him ...
Mujhe Insaaf Chahiye	Bollywood	drama	T. Rama Rao	Malati (Rati Agnihotri), a young girl from a middle-class family meets Suresh Ray (Mithun Chakraborty), who is the son of a well-known lawyer Dayashankar Ray (Danny Denzongpa). After dating each other for some time, she finds that she is pregnant. When Suresh refuses to marry Malati, and she decides against aborting the baby, her parents throw her out and disown her. Left alone, she decides to take Suresh to court. She is supported in this fight by Shakuntala (Rekha), a lawyer who works for woman's rights, who also has an illegitimate daughter from Dayashankar Ray. The case gets much publicity and public support, and the judge rules in Malati's favor. At this point however, Malati refuses to marry Suresh and decides to raise the child on her own. In the meantime, Shakuntala dies of a heart attack, and Malati promises her to take care of her daughter, and carry on Shakuntala's work. Years later Suresh and his wife (Ranjeeta), now married for some years and still childless, run into Malati again. It turns out that she has been raising her son all by herself, and he has turned out to be a very talented and well-adjusted young and smart boy.
Laadla	Bollywood	drama	Raj Kanwar	Raju (Anil Kapoor) lives with his disabled mom (Farida Jalal). One day Raju on his way to a job interview saves the life of a rich textile mill owner (Anupam Kher), who offers him a job in his factory, which is run by his ambitious daughter Sheetal (Sridevi). Sheetal's competitive attitude and open insults result in her making several enemies in the industry as well as Shakti Kapoor from her own company, whom she often slaps and insults. Raju works as a mechanic in the mill and confronts Sheetal several times for the proper treatment of workers. He is also elected as the union leader, which enrages Sheetal who slaps Bhandhari (Shakti Kapoor). Raju meets Kaajal (Raveena Tandon), who also works in the textile mill, and they fall in love. A competing textile mill owner Suryadev (Prem Chopra) tries to eliminate Sheetal. Raju saves her by pushing her. Though he saves her, Sheetal is enraged as Raju touches her and slaps him in front of all the workers. Later, Raju goes to Sheetal's cabin and slaps her five times. Sheetal cannot fire Raju as then she has to tell all of her workmen she was slapped by Raju. For taking revenge, Sheetal makes an offer to marry him. When Raju turns her down she forces his mom to agree to the marriage. Raju accepts his mom's wishes and decides to sacrifice his love for Kaajal. Sheetal expects Raju to move in with her after their marriage and live in luxury, but Raju refuses and continues to work in the mill. Raju starts to live in Sheetal's house upon his mother's order though he continues his job as a mechanic in the mill which is now his own. Slowly Raju starts to like Sheetal and starts loving her. He again saves her when some henchmen of Suryadev try to kill her. However, tensions arise between Raju and Sheetal when she fires Kajaal out of jealousy as Sheetal sees Kaajal visiting Raju's house frequently, though Kaajal goes there to take care of Raju's lonely mother. Labour issues cause the workers to go on strike. The competing mill owner plans to take advantage of the situation and hires hoods to set the mill on fire. Raju, in his attempt to stop the fire is mistakenly arrested. Raju's mom goes to Sheetal's house to clear matters, but is insulted and taunted by Sheetal, and collapses until Raju arrives to save his mother and slaps Sheetal and breaks his ties with her. A guilty Sheetal, who truly is in love with Raju decides to kill herself until the rival mill owners kidnap and decide to kill her themselves, until Raju arrives to save her life. Sheetal is remorseful for her behaviour towards her husband and family. She makes Kaajal managing director of the company and stops working to become a good wife to Raju and both of them lives happily ever after with them living in Raju's house.
Chhote Sarkar	Bollywood	drama	Manoj Agarwal	Amar Saxena (Govinda) is a businessman, and the Managing Director of prestigious Khaitan Fans Ltd., India. One day while leaving from a board meeting, he meets a beggar named Jagmohan, who calls him Rohit, and asks him to return home to his ill wife, Seema. Amar denies being Rohit, but feels sorry for him and gives him some money, which Jagmohan declines to accept. Curious at his refusal, Amar offers to help. He visits the hospital and gets to meet Seema, and ends up falling in love with her. What he does not know that Jagmohan and Seema are plainclothes police officers, who have been assigned to arrest him for the murder of Ram Kumar Saxena, Amar's uncle. Using his wits, Amar manages to convince the court that he is of unsound mind, and thus escapes being imprisoned, and ends up in an asylum. From here, Amar must figure out who has framed him for a murder he did not commit, and why Seema and Jagmohan were so intent to incriminate him.
Clockers	American	drama	Spike Lee	In a Brooklyn, New York, New York City, New York housing project, a group of clockers — street-level drug dealers — sell drugs for Rodney Little (Delroy Lindo), a local drug lord. Rodney tells Ronald Strike Dunham (Mekhi Phifer), one of his lead clockers, that another dealer, Darryl Adams (Steve White), is stealing from him and Little wants Strike to kill Darryl Adams. Strike then meets with his brother, Victor Dunham (Isaiah Washington) and tries to persuade Victor to kill Darryl Adams. Rocco Klein (Harvey Keitel) and Larry Mazilli (John Turturro), homicide detectives, ride to the scene of Darryl Adams' murder. Larry and Rocco receive a phone call from another detective who says a man has confessed at a local church that he killed Darryl. The police meet Strike's older brother Victor at the church and take him in for questioning. In the interrogation room, Victor tells Rocco that he shot Darryl Adams in self-defense. Rocco finds holes in this story and starts looking into Victor's background which includes two jobs, a wife, two children, no criminal record, and aspirations to move out of the projects; Rocco comes to the conclusion that Victor is covering for his younger brother. Rodney accosts Strike for not killing Darryl Adams, with Errol Barnes, Rodney Little's enforcer, chastising Strike for getting Victor to do it. Later, Rodney Little tells Strike a story of a younger Rodney and an younger Errol (which goes to a flashback), where Errol threatened Rodney at gunpoint to kill a dealer. Rodney kills the dealer, and (back to Rodney and Strike) Rodney Little tells Strike the reason Errol forced him at gunpoint to do it was so that Errol Barnes could hold something over Rodney Little, if he ever decided to tell on him, which was why he told Strike to kill Darryl Adams. Rocco pressures Strike but Victor sticks to his story, so Rocco convinces Rodney that Strike has confessed and informed on Rodney's drug ring. Rocco arrests Rodney and then implicates Strike in front of his crew. Strike tries to play it off and deny that he was involved in Rodney's arrest, and his crew begins to turn on Strike, leading to the crew labeling Strike a snitch. Rodney calls Errol, advises that he is in jail and Rodney puts a hit out on Strike. Strike gets together some money and decides to leave town. As Strike walks to his car, he sees Errol sitting on his car, deducting that Errol is there to kill him. Strike hides behind a fence, but a younger boy who admired Strike, Tyrone, rides up to Errol on a bike and shoots him dead with Strike's gun. Later, Tyrone is taken into custody. With Rocco, Tyrone's mother and Andre listening, Tyrone confesses that he got the gun from Strike. Andre storms out of the interrogation room, and proceeds to look for Strike. Andre angrily beats Strike in front of the whole project, and threatens the on looking bystanders with a gun to stay back. Andre threatens to kill Strike if he ever talk to or even looks at the young boy again. As Andre says this to Strike, Rodney pulls up, which leads to Strike jumping in his own car and driving to the precinct, with Rodney following. Strike runs into Rocco (who now has an arrest warrant for Strike), and runs into the precinct as Rodney pulls up. Rocco tries to intimidate Strike into confessing to the murder, and Rocco loses his composure when Strike continues to change his story. When Rocco grabs Strike and throws him against the wall, Strike's mother walks in with Mazzilli and Victor's wife. She advises Rocco that Victor confessed to the murder immediately when he got home, and how Victor was physically unable to leave his bed. Strike asks his mom what happened to the bail money he gave Victor's wife, which leads to Strike's mom angrily throwing the money in Strike's face. As this is going on, Rodney proceeds to damage Strike's car (going as far as breaking the windows, damaging the doors, and urinating in the car). Left with no other options and unable to go home, Strike asks Rocco to drive him to Pennsylvania Station. As they are sitting in a car, Rocco threatens Strike that if he ever sees him again, he will arrest him, let Andre beat him down, then arrest Rodney on the same charges and he will make sure Rodney and Strike share a cell and a bed in prison. Strike boards a train and leaves town. While Tyrone is playing inside his apartment with the train set that Strike gave him, outside the apartment, Rocco and Mazzilli responds to a homicide of Scientific, one of the guys in Strike's old crew. The film ends with a shot of Strike looking outward on a moving train, alluded to be far away from the city.
Short Cuts	American	drama	Robert Altman	A fleet of helicopters sprays for medflies and reveals all the characters along the path of their flight. Dr. Ralph Wyman and his wife, Marian, meet another couple, Stuart and Claire Kane, at Zoe Trainer's cello concert and make a spontaneous Sunday dinner date. Marian's sister, Sherri, is married to philandering cop Gene, who invents unbelievable stories to hide his affair with Betty Weathers. Betty is in the process of divorcing one of the helicopter pilots, Stormy. Waitress Doreen Piggot is married to an alcoholic limo driver, Earl. Television commentator Howard Finnigan lives with his wife, Anne, and their young son, Casey, next door to Zoe and her mother, cabaret singer Tess. Their pool cleaner is Jerry Kaiser, whose wife, Lois, works from home as a phone sex operator by tending to the children while she talks off strange men. Jerry and Lois are friends with Doreen's daughter, Honey, and her husband, Bill, who works as a makeup artist. The day before the eighth birthday of Casey, Doreen hits him with her car as he is running to school. Casey appears fine and refuses Doreen's offer of a ride home, as she is a stranger. His mother comes home from ordering his birthday cake to find him slumped lethargically on the couch. Howard convinces her to take Casey to the hospital, where he remains unconscious. The baker calls the next day to inform Ann that the cake is ready, but Howard, wanting to keep the line free, briskly ends the conversation. The baker immediately calls back, incensed at being hung up on. While the Finnigans maintain their vigil, the baker continues to call and harass the couple. Howard's estranged father turns up at the hospital and recalls that Casey's hospitalization reminds him of the day that Howard was in a car accident as a boy. When Howard's mother went to her sister's house, she found her in bed with her husband, whom she had seduced. That led to the estrangement between father and son. Stuart and his two friends, Gordon and Vern, harass Doreen at the diner before they head out on their three-day fishing trip. On the first day, they find a young woman's body, submerged near some rocks. After some debate, they decide to tie her to the rocks, continue fishing, and report the body when they are done. When he comes home, Stuart eventually admits to Claire what they had done, and she is disgusted that they could fish for days with the woman's body nearby. The body is identified as a 23-year-old woman, and Claire visits the funeral home out of a sense of guilt. Stormy visits Betty's house, ostensibly to pick up his mother's clock but instead spends the day destroying her belongings. Bill and Honey entertain themselves in the apartment that they are watching while its owners are on vacation by taking some pictures of Honey in which Bill has made her up to look as if she were brutally beaten. Gene abandons the family dog on a strange street because he cannot endure its barking, but after several days of his distraught children's inquiries, he returns to the neighbourhood and retrieves the dog, who had been picked up by Vern's family. The Wymans get into a massive argument just before their dinner party with the Kanes. Marian admits to an affair. Both couples alleviate their stress by drinking heavily, and the party lasts all night long. One day, Casey's eyes begin to flutter. Ann's excitement grows, but just as he appears to be fully waking, he suddenly dies. Seeing that and being overwhelmed, Howard's father, Paul, leaves the hospital while the distraught couple returns home and informs Zoe of Casey's death. The next day, they go to the bakery to shame the baker over his abuse of them. When he learns why they never picked up the cake, he asks them to stay and gives them baked goods. Zoe, worn to the breaking point by her mother's alcoholism and her isolation, commits suicide by starting a car engine inside her garage; she plays the cello as she asphyxiates. Later that day, her mother discovers Zoe's death and is bewildered. When Honey picks up the pictures from the developer, they are mixed up with Gordon's. He is horrified to see the pictures of Honey, who is apparently beaten so badly, and she is horrified by the pictures Gordon took of the submerged body on his fishing trip. They walk away from each other, memorizing each other's license plates. Honey and Bill are on their way to a picnic with Jerry and Lois. In the park, Jerry and Bill try to rape two young women they encountered earlier, and Bill quickly makes an excuse to divvy up into couples. As he and one of the girls walk away from Jerry and the other girl, they hear her scream. They turn around to see Jerry hitting her in the head with a rock, just as a major earthquake strikes. In the aftermath, Jerry's murder of the girl is attributed to a falling rock during the earthquake.
Namak Halaal	Bollywood	drama	Prakash Mehra	Bhim Singh (Suresh Oberoi) works as a manager and personal bodyguard to Seth Raja Singh (Kamal Kapoor) and saves him from many murder attempts planned by Raja's step brother, Girdhar Singh. One day Raja Singh appoints Savitri (Waheeda Rehman), Bhim Singh's wife as trustee to their property and guardian to his toddler son Raja Kumar. On the same day, he and Bhim Singh die at the hands of Girdhar Singh. Savitri promises her husband that she would take care of Raja Kumar at any rate. Everyone including Bhim Singh's father Dashrath Singh (Om Prakash) blames Savitri thinking that she killed her husband and employer for money. Savitri hands over young Arjun to Dashrath Singh and settles herself as Raja Kumar's mother to protect him. Later Arjun (Amitabh Bachchan) grows up to be a naive youngster under the care of Dashrath Singh. He moves to the city to build his life on his own and joins as a bellboy in a five star restaurant. There he meets Poonam (Smita Patil) and they both fall in love. That hotel is owned by Raja Kumar (Shashi Kapoor) and run by Savitri. Hotel manager Ranjit Singh (Ranjeet) is the son of Girdhar Singh and plans to kill Raja. They manage to show Savitri as a culprit and Raja believes that and suspects Savitri. Gradually Arjun comes to know that Savitri is actually his, not Raja's mother and swears that he would protect Raja at any rate, just like his father did. Meanwhile Raja meets a beautiful young dancer Nisha (Parveen Babi) and gets attracted to her. She is actually hired by Ranjit Singh to kill Raj, but Nisha falls in love with Raja and couldn't kill him. Finally she arranges a party on a boat to execute her plan, but Arjun foils it. Finally goons kidnap Arjun's and Raj's family members and blackmail them to transfer all his property to Ranjit's name. Arjun and Raja beat all bad guys and save their loved ones. Raja marries Nisha and Arjun marries Poonam at the end and they reconcile with their mother Savitri.
Clockwork Mice	British	drama	Vadim Jean	A teacher manages to bond with a special needs student.
Gandu (film)	Bengali	drama	Q.	The movie is set on the life of an unnamed protagonist Saneesh (Anubrata Basu) who is called Gandu by most who address him in the movie (an Indian slang/swear word that would literally translate to 'of the ass', the English translation running in the subtitle translates it to the English 'Asshole'). Gandu is portrayed as a frustrated teenager whose state of mind is shown by intercuts of him rapping in Bengali (it is later revealed in the movie that the protagonist is a member of a rap band). Gandu's mother (Kamalika Banerjee) seemingly supports the family through the magnanimity of her 'lover' Dasbabu (an unvoiced character who appears frequently) Gandu's mother and Dasbabu (Silajit Majumder) are shown having graphic sex a number of times. Gandu himself is shown repeatedly sneaking into the room of the copulating couple to steal money from Dasbabu's wallet. Gandu seemingly has complex emotions regarding this stealing and takes care to hide from his mother . Gandu is also apparently quite lonely. His choice of hairstyle (shaved nearly bald) and general proclivity to drugs and rap makes him an object of ridicule in front of most of his peers, who mock him as 'an Egglike Gandu'. His loneliness is dispelled when he literally bumps into Ricksha (Joyraj Bhattacharjee), a cycle rickshaw driver, who slaps Gandu and then scares him off by a bizarre show of Kung Fu (it is later revealed that Ricksha literally worships Bruce Lee and models himself on his idol) That night Gandu has a dream of himself and Ricksha in a near naked embrace (this has led to the common perception that Gandu and Ricksha share a homosexual relationship but the movie itself never shows this explicitly and it maybe a more symbolic element) On one of his stealing missions, Gandu's mother sees him and hides him from Dasbabu and seemingly laughs in complicity. This causes Gandu great anguish and he curses in frustration. His mother comes naked and then knocks on his door. He is late in responding and she slaps him angrily and walks away. Gandu urges Rickshaw to 'take him away' Ricksha and Gandu then go off to consume Dhatura seeds which causes them both to go on a strange and extremely intense trip. When they come to their senses they find they have no money. In a meta narrativistic scene the director Q himself drives into the scene and Gandu is told by Ricksha how Gandu is a character in a movie being shot by Q. Gandu cannot quite comprehend this. Gandu comes back to Kolkata to find that he has won the Bhutan State lottery of fifty thousand rupees; then he gives his mother some of the money and goes on a crack binge with Ricksha. Ricksha then admonishes him for never having actually sleeping with a woman despite incessantly rapping about vagina and sex. Gandu then has a surrealistic and very explicit sex scene (the only colour part in the movie and the reason being this is the only colorful/worthwhile moment in his life) with an unnamed hooker (Rii Sen), who constantly meows (symbolizing a 'pussy' i.e. female's genital in slang term) and at the end of coitus she whispers 'demo' to him. Gandu and the hooker have very erotic sex, which has been very boldly shown. Gandu goes back to Ricksha telling him how he will now record a demo of his rap and show it to ADF (Asian Dub Foundation) The movie closes with Gandu finally becoming successful. The film is shot mostly in black and white stressing on the bleak existence of the protagonist. At the end of the movie, the film shifts to the color mode (the reason being his life shifts from the dull black and white phase to an adventurous colorful happy life). Gandu also ponders on the meaning of life and what we must do with it.
The Joy Luck Club	American	drama	Wayne Wang	The Joy Luck Club was formed by four women in San Francisco: Lindo Jong (Tsai Chin), Ying-Ying St. Clair (France Nuyen), An-Mei Hsu (Lisa Lu), and Suyuan Woo (Kieu Chinh). The members have mainly played mahjong and told each other's stories over the years. They emigrated from their native country, China, remarried, and gave birth to children in America. Suyuan's daughter June (Ming-Na Wen) replaced her when Suyuan died four months before the time the film is set. The mothers have high hopes for their daughters' success, but the daughters struggle through anxieties, feelings of inadequacy, and failures. Throughout the film, the mothers and daughters bond by learning to understand each other and by overcoming their conflicts.[2] The film begins with June's prologue tale. In the prologue, a woman (presumably Suyuan) bought a swan in China from a market vendor who was selling it as a duck that stretched its neck [to become] a goose. She kept it as her pet and brought it to the United States. When the immigration officials took it away from her, she plucked out only a swan feather instead while she struggled to grab the swan away. For a long time, the woman had kept the feather, planning to someday give the feather to her daughter. Then the film transits to June's farewell surprise party in San Francisco for her upcoming reunion with her long-lost twin sisters in China. Among the guests are members of The Joy Luck Club, their daughters, other relatives, and friends. The following characters below narrate their journeys to the audience while they reflect upon their pasts. In China, four-year-old Lindo (Ying Wu) is arranged, by her mother (Xi Meijuan) and the matchmaker (Hsu Ying Li), to be married to Mrs. Huang's son when she grows up. When Lindo turns fifteen (Irene Ng), her mother sends her to Mrs. Huang, so Lindo marries Huang's son, Tyan Hu (William Gong), a pre-pubescent boy who has no interest in her. During four years of childless and loveless marriage, she is frequently abused by her frustrated mother-in-law, who believes Lindo's childlessness is her own fault. Lindo eavesdrops on the servant girl telling her lover that she is pregnant and he willfully abandons her. Lindo realizes her chance to leave the marriage without dishonoring herself, her family and her in-laws. Later, Lindo purportedly ruins her clothes and then claims that she had a nightmare in which Tyan Hu's ancestors threatened to punish her, Tyan Hu and the matchmaker. Then Lindo claims that the ancestors impregnated the servant girl with Tyan Hu's child and her own marriage to him is considered offensive to them. Mrs. Huang does not believe Lindo until Mrs. Huang quickly discovers the servant's pregnancy through inspection. Finally, Lindo claims that the matchmaker intentionally and wrongly paired Lindo and Tyan Hu for more money. Furious, Mrs. Huang orders the matchmaker out of her family's life, allowing the servant girl to have her marriage. Lindo is able to escape the house and moves to Shanghai. Years later in America, Lindo has a new husband, a son, and a daughter named Waverly (Tamlyn Tomita). Aged between six and nine, Waverly (Mai Vu) has become a chess champion. Annoyed by Lindo using Waverly to show off at the streets, Waverly shouts at her mother and decides to quit chess. When she tries to play it again, Waverly loses one chess round, prompting her to retire from chess. Years later, she has a daughter Shoshana from her Chinese ex-husband and is going to marry a Caucasian fiancé, Rich (Christopher Rich), much to Lindo's chagrin. In order to make Lindo like Rich, Waverly brings him to a family dinner, but he fails to impress them especially by improperly using chopsticks and insulting Lindo's cooking by marinating the dish with a sauce, humiliating Waverly. While driving home, Waverly lets Rich know how humiliated she and her family are with him, prompting him to properly learn the Chinese table manners. A while later, at the hair salon, Lindo retells her moments with her own mother and declares that she likes Rich very much. She then gives marital blessings to Waverly and Rich, prompting her and Waverly to reconcile with each other. At June's farewell party, Rich almost successfully uses a chopstick (but accidentally drops a piece), impressing Lindo by trying to respect the Chinese table manners. In China, Ying-Ying St. Clair was happily married to Lin-Xiao (Russell Wong) with a baby boy in China until Lin-Xiao abuses her and abandons her for an opera singer. Overcome by her depression, Ying-Ying drowns her baby son in the bathtub, which leaves her distraught afterwards because she feels that if she had killed Lin-Xiao earlier, she would not have lost the thing that mattered the most. Years after she immigrated to America, she has suffered from trauma and has been haunted by her past, worrying her new family, including her daughter Lena (Lauren Tom). After Ying-Ying finally resolved her years of trauma, Lena shows Ying-Ying around her new apartment with her husband Harold (Michael Paul Chan), who is also Lena's boss. Ying-Ying learns that Lena is uncomfortable with her financial arrangements with Harold. They split the costs of their life evenly with a list of things that they share, making their home life contentious. Seeing that Lena is unhappy with her marriage, Ying-Ying reasserts herself by knocking over a table in the bedroom and causing the vase to fall from the table and break. Hearing the sudden noise, Lena goes to her mother and admits her unhappiness. Ying-Ying replies that Lena should leave and not come back until Harold gives her what she wants. At June's farewell party, Lena is shown to have a new vibrant fiancé, who has given Lena what she wants and is accepting of Ying-Ying. Nine-year-old An-Mei Hsu (Yi Ding) has been raised with her relatives and grandmother. She is reunited with her long-lost mother (Vivian Wu), who was disowned by her family for her dalliance with a wealthy middle-aged man Wu-Tsing shortly after her husband's death, and who arrives to see her dying mother (Lucille Soong). In order to not lose her again, An-Mei moves out with her mother to Wu-Tsing's house against her relatives' wishes for her to remain with them. They claim that in allowing An-Mei live with her and Wu-Tsing, the mother will ruin her future. She finds that Wu-Tsing has another three wives, making An-Mei's mother the Fourth Wife. Later, she learns that the Second Wife (Elizabeth Sung) tricked An-Mei's mother into being raped and impregnated by Wu-Tsing. When the relatives did not believe An-Mei's mother and kicked her out, she reluctantly became Wu-Tsing's Fourth Wife as she had nowhere else to turn. After An-Mei's mother gave birth to a boy, the Second Wife took him away from her and claimed him as her own. After An-Mei discovers the past, her mother ultimately commits suicide by eating sticky rice balls laced with opium, choosing the day of her death carefully to threaten Wu-Tsing with the vengeance of her angry ghost. Afraid of this curse, Wu-Tsing vows to raise An-Mei and her half-brother with great care and promises to honor their mother as an honorable first wife. When Second Wife tries to pay respects to An-Mei's late mother, An-Mei screams at the Second Wife, destroys the Second Wife's faux pearl necklace (the Second Wife initially tried to win An-Mei over with a similar necklace), and loudly yells out Mama! Years later in America, An-Mei's daughter Rose (Rosalind Chao) has been dating her boyfriend, Ted Jordan (Andrew McCarthy) since college. Ted is initially attracted to Rose's assertive, forthright nature. When he confronts his aristocratic mother (Diane Baker) for insulting Rose due to her race, Rose is impressed and agrees to marry him. Over the course of their marriage, however, Rose and Ted become distant from each other, mainly because Rose, desperate to prove herself to Ted's milieu, becomes submissive and demure at the cost of her own identity and interests. They have a daughter, Jennifer, but this does not resolve their marital problems. To make matters worse, Ted cheats on her with another woman and neither are actually happy in their marriage. A while later, An-Mei comes for a visit and relays the story of her own mother's fate to Rose. She encourages Rose to stand up for herself and Jennifer against Ted, or nothing will change. To avoid the same fate, Rose reclaims her strength and stands up to Ted by telling him to leave the house and not take their daughter away from her. This compels Ted to take her seriously and not continue taking her for granted. At June's farewell party, it is revealed the couple have reconciled. In World War II, when the Japanese invaded China, Suyuan Woo escaped the invasion with her twin baby daughters. When Suyuan became ill during her quest for refuge, her cart breaks down, causing the babies to fall. Near death, Suyuan was unable to carry the babies herself and abandoned them along with all of her other possessions, including a photo of herself. Suyuan survived, but was haunted by guilt in the loss of her daughters and never knew what happened to them. After she remarried in America, Suyuan has high hopes for her new daughter June, but June constantly fails to meet her expectations out of a lack of interest. She performs badly during a piano recital at age nine (Melanie Chang), and when Suyuan pushes her to continue training to be a concert pianist, June refuses, saying that she wishes herself dead like Suyuan's other daughters, an action that offends Suyuan. When June grows into adulthood, at a dinner party a year before Suyuan's passing, Waverly, June's long-time rival whom she is freelancing for, turns down her business ideas, and Suyuan remarks that Waverly and June are not alike, and that style is something one's born with and cannot be taught implying Waverly has style. June feels humiliated, believing her mother had betrayed her for being a failure in her eyes, and Lindo shows sympathy for June. The following day, June berates Suyuan for her remarks and admits she could never live up to her high expectations. June laments that Suyuan has always been disappointed in June because June dropped out of college, is not married, and has an unsuccessful career. However, Suyuan gives her a jade necklace and assures June that she is the one who has the unteachable style and that while Waverly was the best in competitions, June always had the best heart, which made her mother prouder than she would have been otherwise. Last Easter before the farewell party, June received the news from the Club that the long-lost twins were alive. When June could not understand the twins' letter written in Chinese, Lindo purportedly mistranslated the letter to make June believe that the twins knew about Suyuan's death and their long-lost half-sister June. Back to the present, when the farewell party ends, Lindo confesses that she wrote letters to the twins and then signed Suyuan's name. June begs Lindo to tell them the truth, but Lindo tells her that it is too late because the twin sisters are anticipating their mother, Suyuan, still believing that Suyuan is alive. A short while later, June's father (Chao-Li Chi) retells the war story of Suyuan and her long-lost twin daughters. Then he gives her the swan feather, which came from Suyuan's—the woman's—swan as explained earlier in the prologue, saying that the feather looks worthless but has good intentions. When she arrives in China to meet her sisters, June tells them the truth about Suyuan and embraces them. In finally accepting her Chinese heritage, June is able to make peace with her deceased mother.
Backstage	Australian	drama	Jonathan Hardy	The plot centred on American pop singer Kate Lawrence (Branigan) wanting to embark on a career as an actress. The only job she can find is playing the lead role in an Australian theatre production of The Green Year Passes. The hiring of an American causes conflict with her Australian cast and crew, and the chagrin of theatre critic Robert Landau with whom she has an affair.
Sunghursh	Bollywood	drama	Harnam Singh Rawail	Bhavani Prasad (Jayant) is a powerful Shakta priest at Kashi. Prasad, a devotee of the black goddess Kali and a thuggee, religiously follows a practice to murder wealthy travelers who stay in his pilgrim guesthouse and offers them as a sacrifice to Kali. Prasad's son Shankar (Iftekhar) does not agree to such practices, opposes his father and decides to leave the village with his wife and their three children: Kundan (Dilip Dhavan), Yashoda and Gopal. Prasad forcibly takes Kundan with him to follow in his footsteps and forbids him from seeing the rest of the family. Young Kundan is now being raised by his grandfather Prasad, who desires to have Kundan as his successor, head of a temple and pilgrim guesthouse on the banks of the Ganges river. Prasad mysteriously kills his son and puts the blame on his enemy and nephew, Naubatlal (D. K. Sapru). Prasad had earlier killed Naubatlal's father. When Naubatlal learns the truth, he decides to take revenge, but Prasad kills Naubatlal before he could do anything. Naubatlal's family decides to leave the village and settle down Calcutta where his two young sons, Dwarka (Sanjeev Kumar) and Ganeshi Prasad (Balraj Sahni), work as merchants. They learn about their father's death from their mother (Mumtaz Begum) and swear to avenge their father's death by killing Prasad and his grandson Kundan (Dilip Kumar). Kundan continues to serve Prasad in the Banaras temple, but does not follow the practice of killing people. When he is invited to his younger sister, Yashodha's marriage (Anju Mahendru), Kundan gets a chance to visit his mother and grandmother and his siblings after many years. One day, Kundan meets Laila-E-Aasmaan (Vyjayanthimala), a courtesan, in the temple who has come from Calcutta after her madam's death. Kundan falls in love with Laila only to realise that she was his childhood friend, Munni. Kundan proposes to Laila, but Prasad does not agree to the marriage, knowing that Laila was hired by Dwarka and Ganesh Prasad to seduce Kundan and bring him to them. Kundan decides to end the feud with Dwarka, but Dwarka does not co-operate. Dwarka attacks Kundan, but gets killed my him. As repentance for his grandfather's sins, Kundan decides to serve Ganeshi and takes another identity, that of Bajrangi to make peace with him, only to realise that Ganeshi Prasad is in love with Laila and wants to marry her as his second wife.
Mo' Better Blues	American	drama	Spike Lee	The film begins with a scene set in Brooklyn, New York in 1969. A group of four boys walk up to Bleek Gilliam's brownstone and ask him to come out and play baseball with them. Bleek's mother insists that he continue his trumpet lesson, to his chagrin. His father becomes concerned that Bleek will grow up to be a sissy, and a family argument ensues. In the end, Bleek continues playing his trumpet, and his friends go away. The next scene brings us to the present (over twenty years later), with an adult Bleek (Denzel Washington) performing on the trumpet at a busy nightclub with his jazz band, The Bleek Quintet (Jeff Tain Watts, Wesley Snipes, Giancarlo Esposito and Bill Nunn). Giant (Spike Lee, one of his boyhood friends from the previous scene and current manager of Bleek's band), is waiting in the wings, and advises him to stop allowing his saxophone player Shadow Henderson (Snipes) to grandstand with long solos. The next morning Bleek wakes up with his girlfriend, Indigo Downes (Joie Lee). She leaves to go to class, while he meets his father by the Brooklyn Bridge for a game of catch, telling him that while he does like Indigo, he likes other women too and is not ready to make a commitment. Later in the day while he is practicing his trumpet, another woman named Clarke Bentancourt (Cynda Williams) visits him. She suggests he fire Giant as his manager; he suggests that they make love (which he refers to as mo’ better). She bites his lip and he becomes upset about it, saying, I make my living with my lips, as he examines the bleeding bottom lip. Giant is with his bookie, betting on baseball. Then he goes to the nightclub and argues with the doormen about what time to let the patrons into the club. He meets Bleek inside with the rest of the band, except for the pianist, Left Hand Lacey (Esposito), who arrives late with his French girlfriend and is scolded by Giant. Later Giant goes to the club owners’ office, points out how busy the club has been since Bleek and his band began playing there, and unsuccessfully attempts to renegotiate their contract. Giant meets his bookie (Rubén Blades) the next morning, who is concerned that Giant is going too deep into debt. Giant shrugs it off, and places several new bets. He then stops off at Shadow's home to drop off a record. Shadow confides in him that he is cheating on his girlfriend. This leads to the next scene where Bleek is in bed with Clarke, and she asks him to let her sing a number at the club with his band, to which he declines. Bleek and Giant are fending off requests from the other members of the band, especially Shadow, for a raise due to the band's success at the club. Bleek goes to the club owners to see about more money, which they refuse, reminding him that it was Giant who locked him into the current deal. That night at the club, both Clarke and Indigo arrive at the club to see Bleek. They are wearing the same style dress, which Bleek had purchased for them both. Bleek attempts to work it out with each girl, but they are both upset with him over the dresses, and though he sleeps with them each again they leave him (after he calls each of them by the other's name). However, tension rises with Shadow, who has feelings for Clarke. Bleek and Giant go for a bike ride, where Bleek insists to Giant that he do a better job managing and bringing in money. Giant promises to do so, then asks Bleek for a loan to pay off his gambling debt. Bleek declines, and later Giant is apprehended by two loan sharks (Samuel L. Jackson and Leonard L. Thomas) who demand payment. Giant can’t pay and gets his fingers broken. Later Giant tells Bleek that he fell off his bike on the ride home, but Bleek does not believe him. Giant asks the other band members for money and Left loans him five hundred dollars. When loan sharks stake out Giant's home, he goes to Bleek for a place to stay. Bleek agrees to help him raise the money, but fires him as manager. Bleek misses both his girlfriends, leaving messages for each, but Clarke has begun a new relationship with Shadow. Bleek finds out about it, and fires Shadow after the two fight backstage before a gig. The loan sharks track Giant down at the club before Bleek can come up with the money, take him outside and beat him while Bleek plays. Bleek goes outside to intervene, and gets beaten as well. Additionally, one loan shark (Samuel L. Jackson) takes Bleek's own trumpet, and smacks him across the face with it. This not only puts Bleek in the hospital, but it also permanently injures his lip, making him unable to continue playing trumpet. Months later, Bleek reunites with Giant, who has gotten a job as a doorman and stopped gambling. He drops in to see Shadow and Clarke, who are now performing together with the rest of Bleek's former band. Shadow invites him on stage, and they play together. Bleek still has scars to his lips, and is unable to play correctly. He walks off the stage, gives his trumpet to Giant, and goes directly to Indigo's house. She is angry with him because she hasn’t heard from him in over a year. She tries to reject him, but agrees to take him back when he begs her to save his life. A montage flashes through their wedding, the birth of their son, Miles, and Bleek teaching his son to play the trumpet. In the final scene of the movie, Miles is ten years old, and wants to go outside to play with his friends. Indigo wants him to finish practicing his trumpet lessons. However, unlike the (almost identical) opening scene in the beginning of the film, Bleek relents and allows his son to leave and play with friends. This final scene uses exactly the same dialogue as the first, with changes only in the delivery of the dialogue. A major part of the film's themes is cause and effect and fate. In letting Miles stop practicing which Bleek never did, then maybe his life will lead to an alternate, and ultimately happier, conclusion.
Bangkok Hilton	Australian	drama	Ken Cameron	Bangkok Hilton begins as Hal Stanton (Denholm Elliott) leaves Bangkok by ship in the present day. He explains that he has been travelling for years, since a shameful incident when he was a prisoner of the Japanese right there in Bangkok in WWII. He then takes us to 1960s Sydney, where he was working as a lawyer under the assumed name of Graham Greene. He falls in love with Katherine Faulkner (Judy Morris), the lovely but sheltered daughter of a wealthy family who live in a huge, isolated mansion in the outback. He visits the estate and woos Katherine and they fall passionately in love, but Hal's secret identity is soon exposed. During the war he betrayed a group of his own men, who were planning an escape, to their Japanese captors, and was later court-martialled for it. The fact that he did so to protect the rest of his men from reprisals was considered irrelevant, and he has lived with the shame ever since. Katherine's family break up the relationship and Hal moves, despondently, away. Katherine is pregnant, however, and soon gives birth to an asthmatic girl, Katrina. The young girl is raised on her own at the estate, treated as a shameful product of the illicit affair. A few years later, Katrina, now grown (Nicole Kidman), loses her mother to cancer and inherits the family fortune. Having never ventured off the estate, she travels to Sydney, where she learns that her father is not dead, as she was always told. She decides to go to London, where his family lived, to track him down. In London, she makes contact with the uncle and cousin she has never met before, overcoming their initial reluctance to meet with her. While planning her return to Australia, Katrina is befriended by Arkie Ragan (Jerome Ehlers), a young American photojournalist who becomes her lover and travelling companion. When the trail leads Katrina to Bangkok, Arkie suggests they go by way of Goa. While enjoying a romantic weekend there, he secretly picks up a shipment of heroin and loads it into a hidden compartment in the carrying case of a camera he has given to Katrina. Katrina and Arkie attempt to find Hal in Bangkok, but find the family lawyer, Richard Carlisle (Hugo Weaving), unwilling to help. Reluctantly returning to Australia, Katrina is arrested at the airport when drug sniffing dogs detect the drugs in her camera case. Arkie, who had joined another queue in the customs hall, disappears. Katrina is imprisoned in a squalid, overcrowded Bangkok prison nicknamed the Bangkok Hilton. There she meets another Australian woman, Mandy Engels (Joy Smithers), a heroin addict also imprisoned for drug trafficking. Mandy had used her brother, who had mental health problems, Billy (Noah Taylor) to carry her drugs as they passed through airport customs but the drugs were detected and both were sentenced to death for trafficking. As Katrina's case works its way through the courts they become friends, with Mandy teaching Katrina the ropes of prison life. Meanwhile, Richard Carlisle convinces Hal to take an active part in the case, pretending to be a lawyer from Carlisle's firm. Hal finds it especially difficult to visit Katrina in the Bangkok Hilton, because it is the same prison where he was kept by the Japanese forty years earlier. Nonetheless, he finds the will to do so, and to retrace Katrina's footsteps to London and Goa, reuniting with his family as he tracks down the elusive Arkie, hoping his daughter can be saved this way. Eventually, though, Hal and Katrina will be forced to rely only on their own strength to save her life.
Swarg Narak	Bollywood	drama	Dasari Narayana Rao	This is the story of three couples. The first couple is that of Tripathi (Sanjeev Kumar), who always takes advantage of other's mistakes and position and earn money and his wife Mary. The second one is that of Geeta (Shabana Azmi) and Romeo Vinod (Vinod Mehra), while the jealous and possessive Shobha (Moushumi Chatterjee) and Vicky Kapoor (Jeetendra) form the third one. The first couple is a happily married one. The second couple stays with Vinod's mother (Kamini Kaushal). Vinod spends a lot of time with Leena (Prema Narayan) and attending late night parties while Geeta patiently awaits her husband every night. Once Shobha happens to see Vicky with Radha (Tanuja), she assumes they are having an affair and pesters Vicky about it. When Vicky denies it, she leaves him. On the other hand, Vinod decides to leave the house, but destiny plays its role. He meets with an accident and during his recovery period, Shabana proves how important she is for him. He repents and completely changes into a new soft-spoken and good man. On the other hand, Shobha spoils her own house to such a stage that Vicky is compelled to leave his house after Radha's tragic death. At this juncture, Tripathi steps in to mend the couple. Some of the events that follow are hilarious sequences. Whether Tripathi is successful in mending these couples forms the rest of the story.
Shadows in the Storm	American	drama	Terrell Tannen	Thelonious Pitt (Ned Beatty), a daydreaming businessman, goes to the Redwood Forests of California. There, he meets a beautiful woman, Melanie (Mia Sara). She looks like the woman he has been seeing in his dreams. At the river late at night, when Melanie's husband finds them, he attacks Thelonious until Melanie pulls out a pistol and fires three shots at her husband. His body goes into the river. That is when the nightmare begins.[1][2]
Bombay to Goa	Bollywood	drama	S. Ramanathan	The lives of Atmaram (Nazir Hussain) and his wife (Dulari) are turned upside down when they see their daughter, Mala's (Aruna Irani) pictures in a magazine. They arrange for Mala's marriage with the son of Ramlal (Agha). Mala is opposed to marrying anyone who she has not met, and is at the same time thrilled that the two persons she trusted, one Verma (Shatrughan Sinha), and the other Sharma (Manmohan) had actually submitted her pictures to a magazine, and were now willing to sign her up for a Bollywood movie. Mala is not able to understand her parents' opposition on her way to fame, and runs away from home with a lot of money and hands this money to Sharma and Verma. Greed overtakes Sharma and Verma, leading to the death of Sharma. Mala, who witnessed Verma kill Sharma, now is on the run for her life. She boards a bus from Bombay which bound for Goa. Verma soon overtakes her, and has one of his armed men on the bus to kill her. And then arrives Mala's admirer Ravikumar (Amitabh Bachchan), who not only protects Mala, but also accompanies her throughout the journey. Mala starts to trust and subsequently fall in love with Ravikumar. The bus journey is adventurous with the passengers, a totally mixed bunch, from all over India, different religions, cultures, and faiths, all thrown together for this journey. The bus is in the control of driver Rajesh (Anwar Ali), and conductor, Khanna (Mehmood).
Wheel of Fate	British	drama	Francis Searle	Two brothers working in their father's repair garage: quiet sensible Johnny (Patric Doonan) and the younger and wilder Ted (Bryan Forbes) fall out when Ted brings home Lucky (Sandra Dorne), a beautiful dance hall singer. The brothers feud when she unexpectedly falls for Johnny, and crime and mayhem ensue.
Two Thousand Women	British	drama	Frank Launder	Rosemary Brown (Patricia Roc), an English novice nun, is mistakenly apprehended by French soldiers as a fifth columnist during the 1940 Battle of France. She is sentenced to face a firing squad, but the Germans arrive and she is sent (without her habit, which is being cleaned) to an internment camp in a grand hotel at the spa town of Marneville. She journeys there with Freda (a journalist played by Phyllis Calvert), Bridie (a stripper played by Jean Kent), Muriel (Flora Robson) and her companion Miss Meredith (Muriel Aked). At the camp, they meet Maud (Renee Houston) Mrs Burtshaw (Thora Hird) and Teresa King. While two women are assigned to each room, Bridie uses her charms to obtain one to herself. They receive a radio from an unknown source, but it is swiftly confiscated by the Germans. The women conclude that they have a stool pigeon, nicknamed Poison Ivy, amongst the dozen who knew about the radio. Nellie reports that she saw the German file on Rosemary; the charge of being a fifth columnist causes suspicion to fall on her. However, Freda and Maud do not believe it. They warn Rosemary, who reveals she is a nun. An RAF bomber is hit during a nighttime air raid. Manningford deliberately violates the blackout in order to help it crash land. Pilot Officer Jimmy Moore (James McKechnie), Sergeant Alec Harvey (Reginald Purdell) and Dave Kennedy (Robert Arden) seek refuge in the hotel. The women hide them, but have to conceal the fact from Teresa King, who is revealed to be a Nazi spy. Later, Alec recognises Rosemary as Mary Maugham, a singer whose boyfriend murdered his wife; she became a nun as a result. However, they start falling for each other, as do Dave and Bridie. When Sergeant Hentzner spots Dave, Dave manages to strangle him quietly, and his body is hidden. The women devise a plan to enable the men to escape during a concert they will put on. To ensure the Germans stay until the end, Freda persuades Bridie to perform her act last. However, when Birdie overhears what Dave thinks of her (due to her fraternisation with the Germans), she slips Teresa a note betraying all. Freda makes Dave write an apology professing his love, which she delivers to Birdie. Birdie then goes to Teresa's room and sees that she has already read the note. The two women fight. Teresa wins and alerts Frau Holweg, but one of the women knocks Holweg out. By the time she comes to and warns the commandant, it is too late. The trio escape, with the aid of Monsieur Boper, the hotel proprietor, who turns out not to be a collaborator after all. The women defiantly sing There'll Always Be an England.
Together	Chinese	drama	Chen Kaige	Liu Cheng (Liu Peiqi) is a widowed cook making his living in a small southern town in China. His thirteen-year-old son, Liu Xiaochun (Tang Yun), is a violin prodigy. In the hope that Xiaochun might find success as a violinist, Liu Cheng and Xiaochun travel to Beijing to participate in a competition organized by the Children's Palace, an arts institution for school children. Even though Xiaochun emerges fifth, he is denied admission into the conservatory as he does not have Beijing residency. Determined to realize his hopes for Xiaochun, Liu Cheng persuades Professor Jiang (Wang Zhiwen), a stubborn and eccentric teacher from the Children's Palace, to take Xiaochun as a private student. In the subsequent days, Xiaochun makes friends with Lili (Chen Hong), a young and attractive woman living upstairs. Lili does not have a regular job but lives off the rich men she dates. However, her heart lies with Hui (Cheng Qian), her smooth-talking, cheating boyfriend. After Lili finds out about Hui's affairs in the presence of Xiaochun, Xiaochun sells his violin to a shop, buys a fur coat that Lili fancies, and tells Hui to give it to her as a consolation. Meanwhile, Liu Cheng has learnt about a Professor Yu Shifeng (Chen Kaige), a high-profile professor from the Central Conservatory of Music. Believing that Professor Yu is able to bring Xiaochun to fame and success, Liu Cheng decides to switch teachers for Xiaochun. He pays Professor Yu a visit and confides in the latter the truth about Xiaochun's birth. It turns out that Liu Cheng has never been married. He found the infant Xiaochun abandoned in a train station, a violin placed next to the baby. Liu Cheng brought both home and raised the baby as his own. Xiaochun turned out to be a child prodigy, and Liu Cheng resolved to devote his life to cultivate his adopted son's talent. Professor Yu, apparently unmoved, nonetheless agrees to give Xiaochun an audition. However, Liu Cheng arrives at Professor Yu's home with Xiaochun only to find the violin case empty. Xiaochun, angry at his father for choosing commercial success over music, refuses to play even when offered another violin. Liu Cheng is so enraged that upon returning home, he tears up the award certificates that Xiaochun won in previous competitions. Lili, remorseful over the affair of the fur coat, looks up Professor Yu and persuades him to give Xiaochun a second chance. This time Xiaochun plays, and an impressed Professor Yu accepts him without hesitation. Professor Yu has another talented young student, Lin Yu (Zhang Jing), a highly jealous and ambitious girl. When a selection trial for an international competition is coming up, Lin Yu and Xiaochun are in a contest for the only spot. Liu Cheng decides to pack up and return home first, both to allow Xiaochun full concentration and to raise some money should Xiaochun be selected to participate in the international competition. In an effort to infuse passion and emotion into Xiaochun's playing, Professor Yu tells the boy the truth about his birth. However, this only strengthens Xiaochun's love for his father. Just before the selection trial, Xiaochun, who has been chosen to participate, relinquishes his spot to Lin Yu after she reveals to him that Professor Yu had secretly bought Xiaochun's original violin from the shop to stop Xiaochun from being distracted by thoughts of it. Xiaochun then takes the violin and runs after his father. The two finally reunite at the train station. In place of fame and success, Xiaochun chooses to be together with his father.
Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles	Chinese	drama	Zhang Yimou	Takata Gouichi (played by Ken Takakura), an elderly Japanese man, has been on poor terms with his son Kenichi (Kiichi Nakai) since the death of his wife. When his son falls ill, Gouichi travels from the province of Akita to the hospital, located in Tokyo, but his son refuses to see him. Kenichi's wife Rie (Shinobu Terajima) gives Gouichi a video-tape so that Gouichi may learn more about his son, which contains footage of Li Jiamin, an artist of Nuo opera from the Province of Yunnan of the People's Republic of China, promising to perform Riding Alone for Thousands of Miles in a year. Gouichi decides to travel to the PRC in his son's place to film Li's performance. Gouichi arrives in the Village of Li, near the City of Lijiang, only to learn that Li was imprisoned after assaulting someone for mocking his illegitimate son. His translator Jiang Wen and the local guide Qiu Lin suggest that he film someone else, but Gouichi insists on Li. After an uncertain and time-consuming process of obtaining clearances from authorities, Gouichi gains entry to the prison facility, but Li breaks down in tears because he misses his son too badly. Gouichi decides to travel to Stone Village to retrieve Li's 8-year-old son Yang Yang (Yang Zhenbo). While in the village, Gouichi receives a call from Rie, telling him that Kenichi has been touched by his efforts, and requests that he come home. Gouichi wonders whether the message really was from Kenichi, and opts to continue his mission. On the way to the prison, the vehicle breaks down, and Yang Yang chooses to run away, being filled with anxiety at meeting a father whom he doesn't remember. Gouichi chases after the boy, and the two become lost in the lime-stone hills, having no choice but to sleep in a cave. Yang Yang is hostile toward Gouichi at first, but trusts him as the hours pass by. They are found the next morning by the combined efforts of villagers and the police. Gouichi feels that Yang Yang's opinion should be respected, and lets him go home. Shortly after, he receives another call from Rie, informing him that Kenichi has died, leaving behind a letter saying that he has forgiven his father. Gouichi returns to the prison with photographs of Yang Yang. Li is moved and promises to give his best performance. As he, the musicians, and the supporting actors are about to begin, he asks why Gouichi isn't recording. Gouichi explains that, since his son has passed, recording is no longer necessary. Li, however, persuades him to record anyway, given their difficulty in coming all this way, and so the performance begins in view of the camera. The film revolves around the meaning of Gouichi's journey, and brings in issues of performance and duplicity, the authenticity or its lack in tourist experience, and the way in which success abroad can seem to erase failure at home.[1]
The Emerald Forest	British	drama	John Boorman	Bill Markham (Powers Boothe) is an engineer who has moved to Brazil with his family to work on a large hydro-electric dam. The film opens on Markham, his wife Jean (Meg Foster), his young son Tommy (William Rodriguez), and his daughter Heather (Yara Vaneau) having a picnic on the edge of the jungle, which is being cleared for the dam's construction. Tommy wanders from the cleared area, and an Indian (Rui Polanah) from one of the indigenous tribes known as the Invisible People notices Tommy and abducts him. Markham pursues the pair into the forest but does not find his son. Ten years later, the dam is nearing completion. A 17-year-old Tommy (Charley Boorman), now called Tomme, has become one of the Invisible People. Tomme marries a woman named Kachiri (Dira Paes) and undergoes a vision quest, where his spirit animal tells him he must retrieve sacred stones from a remote spot deep in the jungle. Chief Wanadi, the man who abducted and adopted Tommy, warns him that the quest will be dangerous, as it will take him into the territory of the cannibalistic Fierce People. Meanwhile, Markham has finally identified his son's abductors. Markham and a journalist decide to set off bottle rockets to attract the attention of the Invisible People. Instead, they attract the Fierce People and are captured. Armed with a CAR-15 carbine, Markham is able to defend himself long enough to talk with Chief Jacareh (Claudio Moreno) who releases Markham for the night, promising to hunt him down in the morning, while the Fierce People kill and butcher the journalist. Close to dawn, Markham stumbles into Tomme collecting the sacred stones. The two recognize each other just as the Fierce People arrive, shooting Markham in the shoulder. Tomme and his father manage to escape, leaving Markham's carbine behind. In the care of the Invisible People, Markham recovers from his injuries and undergoes a vision quest, waking up back at the dam's construction zone. Jacareh, recognizing the destructive power of Markham's carbine, visits a seedy brothel at the edge of the construction zone and arranges to exchange women for ammunition and more guns. Tomme and his friends return to their village to discover that many of the Invisible People have been murdered and all the young women abducted by the Fierce People. Desperate for help, Tomme navigates the city to his parents' condo, and Markham agrees to help rescue the women from the brothel. That night, Markham initiates a shootout in the brothel while Tomme and his friends release the enslaved women from captivity. In the ensuing battle, the Fierce People kill several members of the Invisible People, including Chief Wanadi. Tomme is later sworn in as the new chief of the tribe. Markham warns Tomme that the almost-completed dam will end the tribe's way of life, but Tomme insists that the Invisible People are safe. During a storm, Markham places demolition explosives at key points along the dam, blowing it up. The film ends with Tomme and Kachiri sitting at the swimming hole near their village in the jungle, watching the members of their tribe splash and play.
Knight Without Armour	British	drama	Jacques Feyder	Englishman A. J. Fothergill (Robert Donat) is recruited by Colonel Forrester (Laurence Hanray) to spy on Russia for the British government because he can speak the language fluently. As Peter Ouranoff, he infiltrates a revolutionary group led by Axelstein (Basil Gill). The radicals try to blow up General Gregor Vladinoff (Herbert Lomas), the father of Alexandra (Marlene Dietrich). When the attempt fails, the would-be assassin is shot, but manages to reach Peter's apartment, where he dies. For his inadvertent involvement, Peter is sent to Siberia. World War I makes Alexandra a widow and brings the Bolsheviks to power, freeing Peter and Axelstein. When the Russian Civil War breaks out, Alexandra is arrested for being an aristocrat, and Peter is assigned by now-Commissar Axelstein to take her to Petrograd to stand trial. However, Peter instead takes her to the safety of the White Army. Their relief is short-lived; the Red Army defeats the White the next day, and Alexandra is taken captive once more. Peter steals a commission as a commissar of prisons from a drunk and uses the document to free her. The two, now deeply in love, flee into the forest. Later, they catch a train. At a railway station, the countess is identified by one Communist official, but Commissar Poushkoff (John Clements) is entranced by Alexandra's beauty. Insisting that her identity be verified, he arranges to take her and Fothergill to Samara. On the train, they become good friends. He allows the couple to escape at a stop, committing suicide to provide a diversion. The lovers board a barge travelling down the Volga River. Alexandra becomes seriously ill. When Peter goes for a doctor, he is arrested by the Whites for not having papers. Meanwhile, a Red Cross doctor finds Alexandra and takes her for treatment. About to be executed, Peter makes a break for it and catches the Red Cross train transporting Alexandra out of Russia.
The Dawning	British	drama	Robert Knights	The film opens with Angus Barrie (Anthony Hopkins), an Irish Republican Army member, walking through hills, and coming to rest on a beach, where there is a little hut. Meanwhile, Nancy Gulliver (Rebecca Pidgeon) having just left school, burns all her books in happiness. It is her birthday, and her aunt (Jean Simmons) has invited over Harry (Hugh Grant), with whom she’s desperately in love, to tea. However, during the course of the film, as a result of Harry’s behaviour with another girl and the way he treats Nancy, she realises that her love for Harry was nothing more than childish infatuation. One day, Nancy goes down to the beach, and notices that her hut has been slept in. She leaves a note requesting that it be left alone. Soon after, she is on the beach reading, when Barrie comes up to her. Over the course of the film, the two develop a relationship, despite her not really knowing and understanding his job: he is one of the first people that became part of a group named the IRA, and is on the run from the government. Nevertheless, she grows fond of Barrie, and dubs him Cassius (because you have a lean and hungry look!) After Cassius asks her to pass on a message to a colleague, several Officers of the British Army are gunned down at a horse race show. Later that day, Captain Rankin (played by Adrian Dunbar) of the Black and Tans comes to see the Family, and asks if anyone knows where Cassius is. The officers' suspicion is aroused when Nancy's grandfather (played by Trevor Howard) says he saw her talking to a man on the beach. She denies any knowledge. When they leave, she runs to the hut on the beach where Cassius was staying to tell him to flee, only to find that he has already packed. As they walk out, a light shines on them: the Black and Tans have found him. He is gunned down, much to Nancy's distress. The film ends with Nancy back at home, considerably older and wiser than when the film started.
The Public Eye	American	drama	Howard Franklin	In the 1940s, Leon Bernzy Bernstein is a freelance crime and street photographer for the New York City tabloids, dedicated to his vivid and realistic work and his unique ability to capture shots that nobody else can. He is very confident of his skills, declaring at one point, Nobody does what I do. Nobody. With a police radio under the dashboard of his car and a makeshift darkroom in his trunk, he quickly races to the scene of horrific crimes and accidents in order to snap exclusive photographs. He is so good at his job that he becomes known affectionately as the Great Bernzini. Bernzy meets a sultry widow, Kay Levitz, who owns a fancy nightclub. It seems the mob is muscling in on her due to some arrangement with her late husband. Kay asks if Bernzy could investigate an individual she considers troublesome. Generally unsuccessful with women, Bernzy agrees to help Kay, and he slowly begins to fall in love with her. After talking to his contacts, including journalist friend Arthur Nabler, he tracks down Kay's man, only to find him murdered. But when he calls the police, he becomes a suspect in the man's death. The police and the FBI are also very interested in this case. Bernstein makes a connection with a local gangster, Sal, uncovering a conspiracy involving a mob turf war about illegal gas rationing, and the Federal government. His activities get Sal killed and place Bernzy's life in great danger as he waits in hiding at an Italian restaurant where a mob hit is about to take place.
The Lost People	British	drama	Muriel Box	After the Second World War, some British soldiers are guarding a theatre in Germany containing various refugees and prisoners trying to work out what to do with them. However, the displaced people, after uniting against fascism for five years, begin to disintegrate into their own petty feuds: Serb against Croat, Pole against Russian, resistance fighter against collaborator and everyone against the Jews. Two people, Jan and Lily, begin a romance and decide to wed. However, one of the refugees is diagnosed with bubonic plague.[2]
East Meets West	British	drama	Herbert Mason	A small Middle Eastern state is coveted by the major powers for strategic reasons.[2]
Intimate Reflections	British	drama	Don Boyd	Robert and Jane are a middle-aged couple grieving over a dead daughter. Michael and Zonny are a young couple with a bright future ahead of them. The film dwells on their parallel lives.
Khud-Daar	Bollywood	drama	Ravi Tandon	Govind (Amitabh Bachchan) and Rajesh (Vinod Mehra) are two brothers who are happy being brought up by their considerably older stepbrother Hari (Sanjeev Kumar). However, when Hari has to leave home for two months to complete his law degree, his newly married wife Seema (Tanuja), jealous of her husband's excessive affection for the two, illtreats them, forcing them to leave home and escape to Mumbai. After days spent doing menial labour, the two brothers are finally given a home by the widower Rahim (A. K. Hangal), who has a son Anwar and daughter Farida. Govind takes on the responsibility of providing for his brother's education by becoming the taxi-driver Chhotu Ustad. Rajesh, however, is ambitious and foppish, and spurns his brother and the latter's pride by marrying the rich Seth Verma's daughter Manju (Bindiya Goswami) and staying at his father-in-law's mansion. Verma's brother Bansi (Prem Chopra), who has actually been instrumental in fixing up this marriage, employs the unsuspecting Rajesh to carry on a drug-smuggling trade using the vehicles of the Verma Transport Company, owned by the Seth. One such operation is foiled by the police, and Anwar, also mixed up in his business, is left seriously injured. Bansi's men attempt to kidnap Anwar to destroy evidence when Govind is not at home. In the skirmish that ensues, Rahim is shot fatally. In the aftermath of the tragedy and Rajesh's realisation of how he has been used by Bansi, Rajesh seeks his brother's mercy. However, at this very moment, Bansi murders Seth Verma and tries to frame Rajesh for it. However, it is Govind who is found at the scene of the crime and accused of murder. The judge at his trial is Hari, who is now one of the leading legal eagles in the city. In the course of the trial, the real identity of the accused and his brother are revealed to Hari. Hari now steps down as judge and becomes Govind's defense attorney. Through a series of astute investigations, he unearths the truth. Bansi, cornered, attempts to shoot Hari and escapes the courtroom, but is finally tracked down by Govind in his beloved taxi 'Basanti'. As the smuggler is arrested, the three brothers are reconciled.
Serious Charge	British	drama	Terence Young	An unmarried vicar, the Reverend Howard Phillips (Anthony Quayle), newly arrived in the parish, attempts to get local 19-year-old thug and petty criminal Larry Thompson (Andrew Ray) to face up to his responsibilities to Mary Williams (Leigh Madison), the naive young girl he has made pregnant. When Howard threatens to tell his coffee-bar friends, Larry trashes the room and fakes a struggle. As a dishevelled Larry leaves, Hester Peters (Sarah Churchill) arrives, and he tells her that Howard interfered with him. Hester is the daughter of the parish’s previous clergyman and has become infatuated with the athletic and handsome new vicar. However, having earlier seen a young girl leaving the vicarage late one night (Mary, who had sought the vicar's advice about her pregnancy), Hester jumps to the conclusion the two are romantically linked and, a fury like a woman scorned,[1] chooses to believe Larry's account. Shortly afterwards, Mary chances across Larry kissing another girl, blindly flees across the road into the path of a car, and is killed. As a consequence of the malicious accusation, Howard is subjected to ridicule and abuse by his parishioners; his car's tyres are slashed and he receives poison pen letters. When his mother (Irene Browne) learns of events, knowing about Hester's romantic interest in Howard, she quickly comprehends the situation, takes Hester to task and persuades her to accept Howard's account. Larry duly receives his come-uppance at the hands of his father.[2] The film includes a cameo role by Cliff Richard, then a teenage pop idol, as Larry Thompson's younger brother, Curley. Richard sings three songs, although none is heard in its entirety: No Turning Back, Mad About You, and Living Doll – the last is a different version from that which became a No. 1 hit in the British charts. A fellow delinquent was played by another 1950s rock and roll star, the uncredited Jess Conrad in an early acting performance. There are fleeting images of female nudity in the scenes of the young people in the lido, very unusual for British films of that era.
Green Hat	Chinese	drama	Liu Fendou	Wang Yao (Liao Fan) is a criminal. Along with two friends, he prepares one last heist with the plan that he will head to the United States afterward for a reunion with a girlfriend he has not seen in two years. After the successful robbery of a bank, Wang stops at a small grocery store to call his girlfriend, who ceremoniously dumps him. Distraught, Wang takes the grocery store's proprietor hostage when she demands payment for the long-distance phone call. When the police arrives, one of their number (Li Congxi) offers to take the place of the hostage. Wang agrees, and then promptly commits suicide after asking the shocked officer, What is love? The film then shifts its attention to the police officer, who now begins to face the fact that his wife (Li Mei) has been carrying on an affair with a swimming coach (Hai Yitian). Struggling from sexual inadequacy and humiliation, the officer decides to confront his wife and her lover.
Scrubbers	British	drama	Mai Zetterling	Two girls escape from an open borstal. Annetta (Chrissie Cotterill) wants to visit her baby daughter who is being raised in a convent. Carol (Amanda York) plans to be recaptured and sent to the closed borstal where her girlfriend Doreen is being held. Carol's plan works, but she is devastated to find that Doreen has a new girlfriend. Doreen and the girlfriend taunt Carol. Annetta is arrested at the convent and sent to the same closed borstal. She assumes Carol grassed her up and proceeds to plan her revenge. Inmate Eddie professes her love for Carol and offers protection, so Carol begins a relationship with her. Annetta's constant bullying attempts keep her in solitary confinement. When Eddie is released Carol loses her protection and Annetta plans another attack.
Little Fish	Australian	drama	Rowan Woods	Little Fish is about Tracy Heart (Cate Blanchett), a former heroin addict who is desperately trying to escape her past and achieve her goals and dreams. Tracy lives with her mother (Noni Hazlehurst) and brother in the Little Saigon area (Cabramatta) in Sydney, where heroin is readily available. She is in need of money to become a partner in the video store that she works in, but her loan applications are repeatedly rejected by finance providers, as a result of her past criminal record, poor repayments of credit card debt, history of drug use and lack of collateral. Tracy lies to both her mother and her boss at the video store, pretending she has received the loan. This is one of the recurring themes of the movie, the casual ways people lie to each other for convenience. Tracy is trying to help her drug addicted stepfather and former NRL star Lionel (Hugo Weaving) to kick his heroin addiction. After a four-year absence in Vancouver, her former boyfriend Jonny Nguyen (Dustin Nguyen), also a former heroin addict, has come back into her life. Jonny, who now dresses in business suits, claims to have employment as a stockbroker at a large firm and suggests he may be able to obtain the money Tracy desires through share trading. The romance between Tracy and Jonny is rekindled. Upon visiting Jonny's alleged workplace, Tracy discovers Jonny has lied to her and is not in fact employed as a stockbroker. Jonny has become involved in a drug deal with her brother Ray, and Tracy also chooses to become involved in the deal as she sees this as the only means of providing the finance she needs to become a partner in the video store. Tracy, Ray and Jonny set out to execute the deal, which ends in tragedy. Tracy's courage and deep love for those she cares about are notable in the climactic scenes of the film.
Wild at Heart	American	drama	David Lynch	Lovers Lula and Sailor are separated after he is jailed for killing a man who attacked him with a knife; the assailant, Bobby Ray Lemon, was hired by Lula's mother, Marietta Fortune. Upon Sailor's release, Lula picks him up at the prison where she hands him his snakeskin jacket. They go to a hotel where she reserved a room, make love and go to see the speed metal band Powermad. At the club, Sailor gets into a fight with a man who flirts with Lula, and then leads the band in a rendition of Elvis Presley's Love Me. Later, back in the room, after making love again, Sailor and Lula finally decide to run away to California, breaking Sailor's parole. Marietta arranges for private detective Johnnie Farragut – her on-off boyfriend – to find them and bring them back. Unbeknownst to Farragut, however, Marietta also hires gangster Marcello Santos to track them and kill Sailor. Santos's minions capture and kill Farragut, sending Marietta into a guilt-fueled psychosis. Unaware of all of the events happening back in North Carolina, Lula and Sailor continue on their way until – according to Lula – they witness a bad omen: the aftermath of a two-car accident, and the only survivor, a young woman, dies in front of them. With little money left, Sailor heads for Big Tuna, Texas, where he contacts old friend Perdita Durango, who might be able to help them, although she secretly knows he is under contract to be killed by Lula's mother. While Sailor agrees to join up with gangster Bobby Peru in a feed store robbery, Lula waits for him in the hotel room, trying to conceal that she is pregnant with Sailor's child. While Sailor is out Peru enters the room and forces Lula to implore him to make love with her, but in the end he refuses, stating he has no time. This traumatizes Lula, who was raped as a child. The robbery goes spectacularly wrong when Peru unnecessarily shoots the two clerks. Peru then admits to Sailor he's been hired to kill him and Sailor realizes he has been given a pistol with dummy ammunition. Chasing Sailor out of the store, Peru is about to kill him when the sheriff's deputy opens fire on him and Peru accidentally blows his own head off with his own shotgun. Sailor is arrested and sentenced to six years in prison. While Sailor is in jail, Lula has their child. Upon his release Lula decides to reunite with him. Rejecting her mother's objections over the phone, she throws water over her mother's photograph and goes to pick up Sailor with their son. When they meet Sailor, he reveals he will be leaving them both, having decided while in prison that he isn't good enough for them. While he is walking a short distance away, Sailor encounters a gang who surround him. He insults them and they quickly knock him out. While unconscious, he sees a vision in the form of Glinda the Good Witch, who tells him, Don't turn away from love, Sailor. When he awakens, he apologizes to the men, tells them he realizes the error of his ways, then runs after Lula. The photograph of Marietta in Lula's house sizzles and vanishes. As there is a traffic jam on the road, Sailor begins to run over the roofs and hoods of the cars to get back to Lula and their child in the car. Sailor sings Love Me Tender to Lula, having earlier said that he would only sing that song to his wife.
Pratidwandi	Bengali	drama	Satyajit Ray	Siddhartha (Dhritiman Chatterjee) is forced to discontinue his medical studies due to the unexpected death of his father. He has to now find a job instead. In one job interview, he is asked to name the most significant world event in the last ten years. His reply is 'the plain human courage shown by the people of Vietnam', instead of the expected: man landing on the moon. The interviewer asks if he is a communist. Needless to say, he does not get the job. He reaches a coffee shop where he is offered work for the communist party. When he does not show any interest, the party leader tells him about an opening for a medical representative. To escape from the heat and have a snooze, he goes into a cinema. As a government propaganda newsreel is being shown before the feature, a bomb explodes in the cinema hall. In the stampede that follows, Siddartha breaks his watch. He goes to a watchmaker but he cannot afford the repairs. Waiting to cross the road, he notices a sexy girl. He drifts back to his days as a medical student in a flashback. The professor is explaining the anatomy of the female breast. Many flashbacks and dreams occur to Siddartha throughout the film. On his way to the hostel, he has an encounter with some hippies. Along with an ex-classmate, he goes out to see an uncensored Swedish film but, to their disappointment, the film turns out to be boring. In such constant wandering in Calcutta, disintegrating relationships with his sister and a Naxalite (militant communist) brother, his friendship with Keya is the only thing that keeps him sane. Keya is a simple girl. They enjoy each other's company but they cannot make any commitment to each other due to the circumstances. After yet another attempt at a job interview, Siddhartha leaves the big city to take a modest job as a salesman in a far off small town. He writes to Keya that he still cherishes their relationship. He also hears the call of a bird that he remembers from his childhood in his dreams but this time it is for real, and not in his mind. After completing the letter, he comes out to the balcony of his modest room. The bird calls again. He also hears the sombre chants of a funeral procession. As he turns to the camera, the picture is frozen. The ending is reminiscent of the first scene which shows the death of Siddhartha's father. However, the last scene is symbolic of the end of Siddhartha's aspirations of finding a job in Calcutta.
Main Zinda Hoon	Bollywood	drama	Sudhir Mishra	Beena is a village girl, who is married into a middle-class family in the city. However, her husband leaves her soon after wedding. She starts working and supports his family. Eventually, she falls in love with a co-worker. That is when her husband returns.[4][5]
Andersonville	American	drama	John Frankenheimer	The film begins with a group of Union soldiers being captured and forced to surrender at Cold Harbor, Virginia, in June 1864. They are transported to prisoner-of-war Camp Sumter, near Andersonville, Georgia. When they enter, they discover a former comrade, named Dick Potter, who was captured at Antietam, who explains the grim realities of daily existence in the camp – primarily the lack of shelter, clean water, and regular food supplies. He also states the danger of a rogue group of Union soldiers, called the Raiders, who hoard the camp's meager rations, and lure unsuspecting fresh fish – newly captured soldiers – into their area of the camp, to attack and rob them. With every able-bodied man required for fighting, young teenagers and old men are used as guards. At one watch tower, manned by two young guards, a Union soldier offers money for some corn. He is instructed to step over the dead line fence and approach the watch tower to trade, which contradicts the rules of the camp. But reluctantly, compelled by need, the soldier steps over the line, and (in a macabre type of game) the soldiers in the next watch tower shoot him dead. As the story unfolds, the unit captured at the beginning of the film ally with some inmates, and help them by working on their tunnel under the stockade wall. Eventually it is complete, but one man tries to inform the guards, in hope of receiving a reward. He is captured and TT (meaning tunnel traitor) is cut into his forehead as a warning. The escape is attempted one night, and all goes well until the last man is spotted and shot, and the dogs are unleashed. In a very short time, most escapees are back in the camp and placed in standing stocks as punishment. The situation with the Raiders eventually becomes unbearable, as group after group of new prisoners are targeted upon arrival. Night raids are made, with possessions being taken from tents and prisoners injured or killed by the Raiders. After a banjo is stolen, one man fights to get it back but is badly beaten. Things progressively get worse until finally one man decides he has seen enough of the vultures out to rob and murder the new boys. He rallies support from the disparate groups, and within minutes hundreds of his comrades are charging the Raiders' camp. A massive and deadly riot ensues. In the end the Raiders are beaten, stolen goods are redistributed to their owners, but many want them all hanged outright. But upon the insistence of a few, a request for a legitimate trial is made to Captain Wirz, the Confederate commander of the prison camp. A trial is held, with a jury made up of new internees, which ultimately results in the six ring-leaders being found guilty and sentenced to death by hanging. After the executions life becomes relatively peaceful, but the cold reality of starvation, and lack of sanitation or medical care, begins to set in as emaciation, dysentery, scurvy, and fever take their toll, causing many to die. As the film ends, an announcement is made by Wirz that all prisoners are to be exchanged – the surviving Federal soldiers leave the camp, filing past their dead comrades on the way to the trains.[2] Against a view of the present-day Andersonville National Cemetery, the movie's end coda reads:
Come See the Paradise	American	drama	Alan Parker	In the early 1950s, Lily Kawamura tells her pre-adolescent daughter Mini about her father and the life that she barely remembers, as the two of them are walking to a rural train station. In 1936, Jack McGurn is a motion picture projectionist, involved in a campaign of harassment against non-union theaters in New York City. One such attack turns fatal, as one of his fellow union members starts a fire. McGurn's boss, knowing that the feelings of guilt would likely cause Jack to go to the police, urges him to leave the area. Jack moves to Los Angeles where his brother Gerry lives. Jack's role as a sweatshop lawyer strains an already-rocky relationship with Gerry who is willing to have any job, barely keeping his family afloat during the Great Depression. Taking the name McGann, Jack finds a job as a projectionist (ironically, non-union) in a movie theater run by a Japanese American family by the name of Kawamura. He falls in love with Lily, his boss' daughter. Forbidden to see one another by her Issei parents and banned from marrying by California law, the couple elopes to Seattle, where they marry and have a daughter, Mini. When World War II breaks out, Lily and their daughter are caught up in the Japanese American internment, rounded up and sent to Manzanar, California. Jack, away on a trip, is drafted into the United States Army with no chance to help his family prepare for their imprisonment. Finally visiting the camp, he arranges a private meeting with his wife's father, telling him that he has gone AWOL and wants to stay with them, whatever they have to go through. They are his family now and he belongs with them. The older man counsels him to return to the Army, and says that he now believes that Jack is truly in love with Lily, and a worthy husband. Returning, ready to face his punishment for desertion, he is met by FBI agents, who have identified McGann as being the McGurn wanted for his part in the arson of years before. Finally, in the 1950s, the train arrives and Lily and Mini reunite with Jack, who has served his time in prison and is now returning to his family.
Sammy Going South	British	drama	Alexander Mackendrick	Ten-year-old English boy Sammy Hartland (Fergus McClelland) lives in Port Said, Egypt, with his parents. When they are killed in a bombing during the Suez Crisis, the boy flees the city in the ensuing panic. He sets out to reach his only living relative, an aunt who lives 5,000 miles to the south in Durban, South Africa - at the other end of the continent and in a different hemisphere. Along his journey Sammy encounters a colourful array of characters. His first guide is an Arab peddler who dies in a freak accident. Sammy is then rescued by wealthy tourist Gloria van Imhoff (Constance Cummings). When she wants to return him to Port Said, Sammy runs off and encounters a gruff old hunter/diamond smuggler, Cocky Wainwright (Edward G. Robinson), whose life is subsequently saved by the boy. When the police search for Sammy, they arrest the old man, who has been a fugitive for years. After Sammy is finally united with his Aunt Jane (Zena Walker), he learns that the old smuggler left him his entire fortune.
Murmur of the Hearts	Hong Kong	drama	Sylvia Chang	Yu-mei (Isabella Leong) and Yu-nan (Lawrence Ko) were born on the small and isolated Green Island off the east coast of Taiwan. They grew up listening to bed stories about a mermaid told by their mother (Angelica Lee). Now a painter based in Taipei, Yu-mei is in a rocky relationship with aspiring boxer Hsiang (Joseph Chang). She is also seeing a counselor for her anger towards her mother, which is making her see hallucinations and have trouble sleeping. It is revealed that her mother took her and left the island when she was a child, eventually operating a restaurant in Taiwan and becoming another man's mistress in Taiwan. After her mother died, she overheard her father saying he doesn't want to hear anything about her or her mother. To make matters worse, she is currently pregnant and she thinks Hsiang doesn't want children with her. While she is battling her own emotions, Hsiang is desperately trying to make it to the boxing competition. But he is losing sight in one of his eyes and when the fact is discovered by his coach, he is pulled off the matches and disqualified from being a boxer. One day, while the couple is having a meal in a restaurant, Yu-mei is overcome with emotions when she recognizes the restaurant as the one her mother used to own. She finally confesses that she is pregnant and Hsiang is grim but holds her hand. Meanwhile, at the same time, Yu-nan is now a travel agent working between Green Island and Taiwan. He too is troubled by memories of his mother, thinking she abandoned him because she liked Yu-mei better. As the film progresses, they all manage to let go of their demons and come to peace on their own. Years pass and Yu-nan stumbles into Yu-mei's daughter Hai, who is all grown up, and Hsiang in a bookstore where Yu-mei is doing a signing. Hai shows Yu-nan the book her mother authored and when he reads it, he recognizes it as the story of his childhood. Yu-nan meets her and they smile, having reunited at long last.
36 Chowringhee Lane	Bollywood	drama	Aparna Sen	In post-independence India an Anglo-Indian teacher, Violet Stoneham (Jennifer Kendal), lives a quiet and uneventful life at 36 Chowringhee Lane in Calcutta, now Kolkata. Her brother Eddie (Geoffrey Kendal, Jennifer's father in real life) is senile and ailing in a nursing home. After the marriage of her niece Rosemary (Soni Razdan), she is alone except for her cat, Sir Toby. Her only joy in life is teaching Shakespeare, despite the lack of interest from her students. Returning home from church on a Christmas Day, Violet runs into a former student, Nandita (Debashree Roy), and her author-boyfriend Samaresh (Dhritiman Chatterjee), and invites them over for coffee. They accept her invitation after some initial hesitation. However, they quickly realize that Violet's apartment would be convenient for their tête-à-têtes while she is away at work. When Samaresh requests Violet for the use of her apartment during school hours, saying that he would like to work on his novel, she agrees. For some time, this arrangement works to the benefit of all. Samaresh and Nandita get the privacy they desperately seek, and Violet has company when she returns home from work. Over time, she grows very fond of them, and begins to look upon them as her friends. Her old friends die or go away, she isn't appreciated at her job, and they are the only friends she has – the only people who can make her laugh. Eventually Samaresh and Nandita get married, and move on with their lives. Violet wants to meet them on Christmas Day, and bake them a cake. They have a party organized at home, however, and think she would be 'a fish out of water' if invited. So they lie about not being in town during Christmas. Violet comes over, any way, to drop off the cake on Christmas Day, and finally sees that she has been deceived by them. She walks home to her lonely life, slowly. The final scene of the film shows Violet reciting aloud from King Lear, with her only audience being a stray dog.
Jab Pyaar Kisise Hota Hai	Bollywood	drama	Deepak Sareen	This film is about Sooraj Dhanrajgir (Salman Khan), a rich playboy lightening the financial burden of his industrialist grandfather (Anupam Kher) by spending his riches on alcohol and women. His grandfather calls him for some official work back home, beginning with a hotel project in Ooty. There his true character emerges as he starts running after pretty women. The first one he lays his eyes on is Komal (Twinkle Khanna). He convinces her that she is his childhood friend and sweet-talks her into falling for him. But soon she sees him for the player he is and walks out on him.  Sooraj is smitten beyond infatuation and, knowing she runs a boutique in a hotel somewhere in Mumbai, he goes through the hotels of the city until he locates her. He tries his best to win her back but fails. Sooraj's grandfather steps in to ease the situation and asks her to marry him. Komal agrees, on the condition that he would have to give up his playboy lifestyle and become responsible: He would have to quit smoking, drinking and women for her to marry him. Sooraj, not quite the man he was, gives up every bad habit he has. One day Sooraj returns home and he finds a boy, Kabir (Aditya Narayan), claiming to be his son. Tests prove that Kabir is indeed his son, but Sooraj doesn't even remember the mother (Namrata Shirodkar). Kabir shows him a photograph which helps Sooraj identify the woman he had a fling lasting a few months. He brings the boy back, identifying him as his friend's child. Sooraj starts to like him and gradually, realizing his mistake, he recognises him as his son. But Kabir does not like Komal and is unhappy to learn that Sooraj never loved his mother. Later Sooraj has to choose between Komal and Kabir. Sooraj is about to marry Komal, but he knows that he cannot hide the truth from Komal. He falls into a dilemma. His friend Mahesh (Johnny Lever) suggests he should tell the truth to Komal about Kabir before their marriage if he really loves her. He tries several times to speak to Komal, but circumstances do not allow him to convey his message. On the day of their marriage, he lands at her house with his grandfather, Mahesh and Kabir. He accepts his mistakes that he made in life and tells Komal and her family that Kabir is his son. On hearing this Komal's family gets angry and demands Sooraj disown Kabir if he wants to marry their Komal. Sooraj refuses to do that and prefers his son over his love. Komal hails Sooraj's honesty and agrees to accept Kabir as her son and to marry Sooraj.
Not Without My Daughter	American	drama	Brian Gilbert	In 1984, an Iranian physician, Sayyed Bozorg Moody Mahmoody wants to visit Iran with his American family. He claims that his Iranian family wants to meet his wife Betty and daughter Mahtob, and asks them to come with him for a two-week visit. Despite her deep fears about visiting Iran, particularly due to the Iranian Hostage Crisis of several years earlier, Betty reluctantly agrees. Upon their arrival, they are all greeted warmly by Moody's family, but shortly before their flight back to the United States, Moody announces to his wife that he wishes for them to stay in Iran. Betty realizes that she has been deceived by her husband, even though Moody took an oath that they would return to the United States, swearing on the sacred Quran. When she protests, Moody strikes her, and nobody in Moody's family sympathises with her. Moody becomes more hostile and abusive, preventing her from leaving the house or using the telephone. Betty briefly manages to visit the American Interests Section of the Swiss Embassy, but is told that she is now an Iranian citizen since she is married to an Iranian, and as long as she lives in Iran, she cannot leave the country without her husband's written consent and has no parental rights over her daughter. Moody, alarmed by Betty's absence from the house, threatens to kill her if she tries anything again. Knowing that her chances of escape are minuscule, Betty conforms to her husband's wishes in order to gain Moody's trust. By chance, during a trip to the marketplace, she meets a sympathetic shopkeeper who overhears her telephone conversations with the Swiss Embassy and puts her in contact with a pair of humanitarian Iranians, Hossein and his sister, who offer to help Betty and Mahtob in their passage back to the United States. Betty accepts Hossein's assistance, especially after he mentions that Mahtob could be at risk of being forced into marriage at nine years old or be chosen to serve in the military as a child soldier. The plan becomes complicated when Betty receives news from the U.S that her father is seriously ill and may be dying. Moody allows Betty to return to see her dying father, but will not let Mahtob go with her. Betty decides to wait to return to the United States with Mahtob, but Moody unknowingly foils her by having her booked on a flight several days early thanks to his relatives' contacts in the airport. Betty eventually gets what seems to be her last chance to escape when Moody is suddenly called to the clinic for an emergency. On the pretense of going to buy presents for her father, Betty takes Mahtob and they contact Hossein, who manages to send Betty and Mahtob off with some Iranian smugglers, and using fake identity documents, they make their way past the checkpoints. Despite the difficult and very dangerous journey, Betty and Mahtob are eventually dropped off in a street in Ankara, where they see the flag of the American Embassy in the distance. The film's end title cards reveal that Betty and Mahtob eventually made it back home to the United States, and Betty became a successful author and dedicates herself to helping those in need.
Butley	British	drama	Harold Pinter	The title character, a literature professor and longtime T. S. Eliot scholar with a recently developed interest in Beatrix Potter, is a suicidal alcoholic, who loses his wife and his male lover on the same day. The dark comedy encompasses several hours in which he bullies students, friends, and colleagues, while falling apart at the seams. Apart from an opening sequence of Butley waking in his flat with a hangover and taking the Underground and occasional shots in the corridor and the pub at lunchtime, the entire film takes place in Butley's office. In his introduction to the trade edition of the play, the film's director Harold Pinter wrote: The film lasts 130 minutes and was shot at Shepperton Studios. The Executive Producer was Otto Plaschkes and the cinematographer was Gerry Fisher.
Betrayal	British	drama	David Jones	Betrayal follows significant moments in the seven-year extramarital affair of art gallery owner Emma (Patricia Hodge) with literary agent Jerry (Jeremy Irons), the best friend of her husband Robert (Ben Kingsley), a London publisher. With titles such as Two years earlier and One year earlier, nine sequences are shown in reverse chronological order with Emma and Jerry meeting for the first time at the conclusion of the film. Pinter based the drama on his seven-year (1962-69) clandestine affair with television presenter Joan Bakewell, who was married to producer-director Michael Bakewell. At the time, Pinter was married to actress Vivien Merchant.[4][5]
Lady Audley's Secret	British	drama	Jack Denton	Sir Michael Audley marries a younger woman. She throws her first husband down a well, is blackmailed by a gardener who knows her secret, and tries to burn him to death. But something goes wrong.
Forrest Gump	American	drama	Robert Zemeckis	In 1981, Forrest Gump recounts his life story to strangers who sit next to him on a bench at a bus stop in Savannah, Georgia. On his first day of school in 1956 Greenbow, Alabama, Forrest meets a girl named Jenny Curran who, unlike the other children, immediately befriends young Forrest. Due to leg braces fitted to correct a curved spine, Forrest is unable to walk properly. One day, a young truck driver stays at the boarding house that Forrest lives in with his mother. The young truck driver turns out to be Elvis Presley who, while playing guitar for him, becomes enthralled at the jerky hip thrusting movements that the hobbled Forrest makes while trying to dance. Later on, Elvis becomes famous by imitating the dance. Forrest is often bullied because of his physical disability and marginal intelligence. One day, while trying to escape some bullies chasing him, his braces fall off revealing the young Forrest to be a very fast runner. Jenny yells to him, Run, Forrest, run! Despite his low intelligence quotient, Forrest's new running ability leads to him receiving a football scholarship to the University of Alabama in 1963, becoming a top running back, being named on the All-American team, and meeting President John F. Kennedy. After his college graduation, he enlists in the U.S. Army, where he befriends a fellow soldier named Bubba, who convinces Forrest to go into the shrimping business with him when the war is over. In 1967, they are sent to Vietnam and, during an ambush, Bubba is killed in action. Forrest saves many of his platoon, including his Lieutenant, Dan Taylor, who loses both his legs. Forrest is awarded the Medal of Honor for his heroism. While Forrest is in recovery for a gunshot wound to his buttocks received while saving his platoon-mates, he discovers a talent for ping pong. He becomes a ping pong celebrity and plays competitively against Chinese teams in ping pong diplomacy. At an anti-war rally in Washington, D.C., Forrest briefly reunites with Jenny, who has been living a hippie life. While in D.C. in 1972, Forrest meets president Richard Nixon and is put up in the Watergate hotel, where he accidentally reveals the Watergate scandal, ultimately forcing Nixon to resign. Returning home, Forrest endorses a company that makes ping pong paddles. He uses the earnings to buy a shrimping boat, fulfilling his promise to Bubba. Taylor joins Forrest in 1974, they initially have little success. After their boat becomes the only one to survive Hurricane Carmen they pull in huge amounts of shrimp. They use their income to purchase a fleet of shrimp boats. Dan invests the money in Apple Computer (which Forrest naively thinks is some kind of fruit company) and Forrest is financially secure for the rest of his life, but gives half of his earnings to Bubba's family. He then returns home to see his mother's last days. In the late 1978, Jenny returns to visit Forrest and he soon proposes to her. She declines but slips into his bedroom and makes love to him that night before leaving early the next morning. Heartbroken, Forrest elects to go for a run. He decides to keep running across the country several times over three and a half years, becoming famous in the process. In the present, Forrest reveals that he is waiting at the bus stop because he received a letter from Jenny who, having seen him run on television, asked him to visit her. Reunited with Jenny, she introduces him to his son, named Forrest Gump, Jr. Jenny tells Forrest she is sick with an unknown virus. The three move back to Greenbow, Alabama. Jenny and Forrest finally marry but she dies a year later. Forrest and his son await the school bus on Forrest Jr.'s first day of school.
Jamaica Inn	British	drama	Alfred Hitchcock	In 1819, Jamaica Inn is the headquarters of a gang of wreckers led by the innkeeper Joss Merlyn (Leslie Banks). The wreckers are responsible for a series of engineered shipwrecks in which they extinguish coastal warning beacons to cause ships to run aground on the rocky Cornish coast. They then kill the surviving sailors and steal the cargo from the wrecks. The beautiful young Irishwoman Mary Yellan (Maureen O'Hara) is travelling to Jamaica Inn in a carriage, but the driver is afraid to stop there and drives a long way past the inn in spite of her repeated demands that he stop. Instead, he drops her off near the home of the local squire and justice of the peace, Sir Humphrey Pengallan (Charles Laughton). She meets him and requests the loan of a horse so she can go back to Jamaica Inn. Pengallan warns her not to go there. Nevertheless, Mary says she just came from Ireland, and as the orphaned niece of Joss's wife Patience (Marie Ney), she intends to live at Jamaica Inn. Unable to convince her to stay, Pengallan accompanies Mary to Jamaica Inn. When Joss meets Mary, he tries to kiss her and push himself on her. Patience is distraught to learn her sister, Mary's mother, has died. When Mary tells Joss that Pengallan has accompanied her to Jamaica Inn, Joss goes upstairs and reports to Pengallan. We learn that Pengallan is the secret criminal mastermind behind the wrecking gang, who finds out when well-laden ships are passing near the coast, determines when and where the wrecks are to be caused, fences the stolen cargo, and uses the booty to support his lavish lifestyle, passing a fraction of the takings back to Joss and the gang. In another part of the inn, the gang convenes to discuss why they get so little money for their efforts. They suspect Jem Trehearne (Robert Newton), a gang member who has been with them for only two months, of embezzling goods. They hang him from one of the rafters of the inn, but when they leave, Mary cuts the rope and saves his life. Trehearne and Mary flee the gang, narrowly avoiding recapture by swimming for their lives. The next morning, they seek the protection of Pengallan, unaware that he is the secret leader of Joss's gang. Trehearne reveals to Pengallan that he is actually an undercover law-officer on a mission to investigate the wrecks. Pengallan is alarmed, but maintains his composure and pretends to join forces with Trehearne. Mary overhears this conversation and goes to the inn to warn Patience that she must flee in order to avoid being arrested as an accomplice. However, Patience refuses to leave her husband. Trehearne and Pengallan also go to the Inn to search for evidence. While Trehearne is searching the Inn, Joss and the gang return. Pengallan takes Joss aside and tells him a wrecking must be performed immediately because he needs the money to escape to France. He advises Joss to go into hiding too, as soon as the wreck is complete. Joss and the gang go to cause the wreck, leaving Trehearne tied up. Joss also seemingly ties up Pengallan so that his gang will not suspect their connection, but secretly leaves Pengallan's hands free. After the gang leaves, Pengallan releases himself from his bonds and reveals himself to Trehearne. He gives Patience a loaded pistol and instructs her to shoot Trehearne if he gets loose, then leaves. Trehearne reasons with Patience, promising to let her and Joss escape if she releases him. She agrees and unties him. He sets out for a nearby military camp to get backup. Meanwhile, Mary goes to the wrecking site and re-lights the warning beacon which the wreckers had extinguished. The crew of the ship see the light and avoid the rocks. The gang resolve to kill Mary for preventing the wreck. Joss, who has developed a reluctant admiration for her, rescues her and the two escape by horse-cart, but Joss is shot in the back and collapses when they reach Jamaica Inn. As Patience is about to tell Mary that Pengallan is the secret leader of the wrecking gang, Pengallan shoots and kills Patience from offstage. Joss then dies of his wound as well. While Mary is reeling from the shock of witnessing these two violent deaths, Pengallan takes her hostage, ties and gags her, and tells her that he plans to keep her now that she has no one else in the world. He drives her, still tied up and covered by a heavy cloak, to the harbor, where they board a ship bound for France. The gang returns to Jamaica Inn to find Joss and Patience dead. Just then, Trehearne arrives with a posse of soldiers, who take the gang into custody. Trehearne goes to the harbor with some of his soldiers to rescue Mary, and Pengallan is cornered on the ship. He climbs to the top of a mast, where he clumsily drops his gun. As the soldiers climb up after him, he jumps to his death, shouting Make way for Pengallan! Trehearne leads Mary away from the scene, and Pengallan's horrified butler Chadwick (Horace Hodges) is left wondering to himself, with a memory of Pengallan's imperious voice ringing in his ears.
Ekti Tarar Khonje	Bengali	drama	Abhik Mukhopadhyay	It deals with a small-town boy, who comes to Calcutta to be a film actor, and gets involved in a modern-day thugee cult.[2] Cast
The Late Edwina Black	British	drama	Maurice Elvey	The domineering Edwina Black has just died, and the general feeling appears to be of relief rather than grief. The local community whispers that her death is a disguised blessing for all concerned, particularly her henpecked widower Gregory (Farrar) and downtrodden personal companion Elizabeth (Fitzgerald). Unknown to anybody, Gregory and Elizabeth have been clandestine lovers for some time, and matters take a serious turn when the local doctor, feeling uneasy about Edwina's sudden and unexpected death, orders an autopsy. The result come back, revealing that Edwina's body is full of arsenic. Inspector Martin (Culver) determines to get to the bottom of the case and his suspicions obviously fall on Gregory and Elizabeth. In the absence of concrete proof of their guilt, he sets out to trap them, hoping that they will inadvertently implicate themselves. A complicating factor arises when it is discovered that the housekeeper Ellen (Jean Cadell) has been keeping secrets of her own, and also had good reason for wishing Edwina ill. Two travel tickets and a guidebook to Italy are found in Elizabeth's possession. How does she explain that away? Martin proceeds to drop seemingly innocuous but loaded observations into the ears of the three suspects, hoping to provoke doubts and foster mutual suspicion. This works so well that they are soon apparently falling over themselves to incriminate each other. Martin has to try to untangle the stories to come up with a coherent picture of what actually happened, all the while being aware that he is perhaps being manipulated into barking up entirely the wrong tree.
Lee Rock II	Hong Kong	drama	Lawrence Ah Mon	The film directly continues with Lee Rock, with a few minute recap of the main details of its predecessor. In 1959, Yau Ma Tei foreign detective Reeve retires, which leads to a competition between Lee Rock and Ngan Tung for the position as Yau Ma Tei's chief detective. Ngan Tung does not hesitate to collude with many of Hong Kong's businessmen and drug dealers in hopes of taking the throne. Lee Rock also refuses to back down and pleases to Commissioner's wife, while the Commissioner also highly regards Lee. Although ultimately Ngan Tung gets the position as the chief detective of Yau Ma Tei, Lee Rock was also promoted as the Chief Chinese Detective, a newly created post, which puts Lee ahead of Ngan. After Lee takes office, he reforms the procedures of each department, gaining support from many businessmen and his momentum appears rises. As contrast to Ngan Tung, who standing plummeted, which makes his hatred toward Lee stronger. Therefore, he got King Crab's henchman to assassinate Lee, which Lee escaped unharmed. To avoid having Lee find out that he was the mastermind behind the assassination, Ngan kills Crab. During the 1960s, Lee Rock's power is monstrous, not only does he control the entire Hong Kong Police Force's operations, but also actively invests in commercial real estate, entertainment and many other fields. He becomes a major figure with an estimated wealth of HK$500 million. In 1972 Britain sent Sutcliffe to Hong Kong to be the new Commissioner of Police. He finds the Hong Kong Police Force to be extremely corrupt, making the entire community a big hotbed of crime, and he is determined to actively combat all criminal activities. This makes life difficult for Lee and everyone else. In 1974, the ICAC was established and is committed to combating all forms of corruption, which leads to Lee Rock's idea of early retirement. Lee decides to transfer all of its assets to Canada and migrating there with his family. In the aspect of his family, Rose's arrival to Hong Kong coincides with the time polygamy was being abolished in Hong Kong. In order to avoid being the third party between Lee and his wife Grace, she chooses to bring their son Bill Lee away, and settled in Australia. Rose works hard to raise Bill, and they come back to Hong Kong after Bill grows up. Bill also became a staff member of the ICAC. Bill learned about his father's crimes, which causes strong hatred towards his father. The conflict between the father and son causes Rose to fall ill and be hospitalized. When Lee Rock learns that Rose is dying, he rushes to the hospital but was being hunted at the same time. It was King Crab's younger brother from Netherlands, who came to avenge his brother when he believed Ngan who told him that Lee killed Crab. Lee suffers from a gunshot wound and witnessed Rose's death at the hospital. The killers also arrived at that time and Lee Rock and his son work together to kill off the killers, which also improves the relationship between the father and son. In the end, a lot of corruption is still happening in Hong Kong, especially in the police force where various police officers have been arrested by the ICAC and treated by the law; while the wanted Lee Rock enjoys a stable life with his family in Canada.
Dada's Dance	Chinese	drama	Zhang Yuan	'When she returns to the city, things take a turn for the worse as Dada puts into motion a sequence ofDada' (Li Xinyun) is a young woman living in an unnamed central China city (filming took place in Wuhan[3]) with her divorced mother (Gai Ke) and her mother's leering boyfriend (Wu Lanhui). Her neighbor, Zhao Ye (Li Xiaofeng) spies on her through her open window each morning as she dances to salsa music and gets ready for the day. Dada, knowing of his crush, teases him mercilessly. Dada spends much of her time avoiding the crude passes made by her mother's boyfriend. During one of these episodes, an argument occurs and her mother's boyfriend falsely claims that Dada was adopted. Armed with this information, she drags Zhao Ye and heads south to a small village where she meets a woman who could be her birth mother.
Shalimar	Bollywood	drama	Krishna Shah	On the run from the police, S.S. Kumar, a thief, comes across a private invitation to the island of Sir John Locksley addressed to Raja Bahadur Singh. When the Raja is shot, Kumar takes him to a nearby hospital, dons a Sikh's turban, poses as the Raja's son and goes to the private island of Sir John. Also attending are K.P.W. Iyengar aka Romeo, Dr. Dubari, Colonel Columbus, and Countess Sylvia Rasmussen. A stunned Kumar finds out that all of these invitees are master criminals and thieves. Kumar's guise does not fool anyone, including his former sweetheart, Sheila Enders (Zeenat Aman), nevertheless Sir John permits him to stay on, as he feels that Kumar's career, though an amateur, is consistent with those already present. The reason why John has invited them is to find a successor to take his place as he is dying of cancer. He feels that one of his invitees can be trusted to take his place and for this he has arranged for them to steal a ruby (Shalimar) worth 135 crores of rupees. This gem is placed in a secure room within his palace, which is alarmed, and guarded by armed men 24 hours a day. The ruby itself is located within a display case of bulletproof glass and surrounded by a minefield. He challenges one of them to steal the shalimar - but if anyone fails then they are killed by the security system. Pitted against such veterans, it looks like Kumar has got himself into a bind that he may not come out of alive.
Parklands	Australian	drama	Kathryn Millard	Rosie returns home to attend the funeral of her father Cliff, who left her mother years earlier. His mistress Jean invites Rosie to stay with her for a while, allowing her time to learn about what her father was doing throughout the years they were separated. Her investigation into his past leads to diaries he kept, and entries he made suggest that despite his career as a policeman he was a corrupt man involved in the drug trade.
The Quiet Room	Australian	drama	Rolf de Heer	The Quiet Room centers on an unnamed little girl and how she deals with her parents' crumbling marriage. The film focuses entirely on her point of view and although she is silent for most of the film, we constantly hear her thoughts, sometimes in a stream of conscious barrage of voice-over. The little girl has chosen to become mute as a way to protest her parents' constant fighting. Her parents, more concerned with their own issues, believe their daughter is just going through a phase. The film shows how even very young children can be extremely cognizant of problems that are going on in their own homes even when their parents try hard to shield them from everything. The girl learns other ways to communicate with her parents. Through her drawings she expresses her desire of owning a dog and how she believes they will be happier as a family if they lived in the country instead of in their tiny apartment in the city. During flashbacks, we see when her parents were happy and still in love. The girl, perhaps intentionally as a way to cope, confuses tenses (thinking I'm little now... instead of when I was little...). But even then, she catches glimpses of her parents' dysfunctional relationship, such as when her father spits in her mother's face after she yells at him. Her parents don't notice she is in the room but the memory leaves a long lasting impression on her. In the present, her anxiety manifests itself through waking nightmares where she imagines wild animals escaping from the zoo and coming to get her. At the end of the film, she hides herself in her parents' wardrobe to escape their bickering. After a while, she falls asleep in an uncomfortable position. When she wakes up, she is too stiff to move. Unable to escape on her own, the little girl finally breaks down and calls out for help and her parents, who had thought she ran away, rush to her aid. The girl gives her parents one last drawing. In it, she successfully conveys her feelings of being overwhelmed by her parents' constant fighting and how she feels less motivated to speak the more she hears them argue. As she hands it to them, she says, This is how I feel. That's how you make me feel. Finally hearing their daughter for the first time and realizing the effect their behavior has on hers, her parents announce that they're going to move to the country. When they also promise her a dog, she becomes so ecstatic that she starts singing incessantly and dancing around her room.
Pascali's Island	British	drama	James Dearden	In 1908 at Nisi, a small Greek Island under Ottoman rule, Turkish officials, Greek rebels, German emissaries and other foreign mercenaries mingle as they all try to keep the upper hand in that remote part of the crumbling Ottoman Empire. Basil Pascali, a half-British half-Cypriot man, considers himself a local feature on the island. Since his arrival twenty years before, he spies for the Sultan sending detailed reports about suspicious activities. He has no idea if anybody reads his observations as he never receives a reply but his payment still arrives regularly, so he continues his work as an informant with unfailing eagerness. Pascali's suspicions are aroused with the arrival of Anthony Bowles, a British archeologist, whose purpose in visiting the island is unclear. Basil quickly befriends Bowles at the hotel’s lounge bar and offers the archeologist his services as translator. Pascali introduces Bowles to his close friend, Lydia Neuman, a bohemian Austrian painter resident in the island. While Lydia and Anthony become smitten with each other, Pascali slips into Bowles' hotel room to investigate. In Bowles' suitcase, Pascali finds a fake antique, a small statue's head, which makes him suspect that the archeologist may be a fraud. Needing help arranging a deal to lease some land from the local Pasha, Bowles hires Pascali as a translator. At Bowles' insistence, the agreement is sealed officially with a contract. Suspecting Bowles' intentions, Pascali warns him that the Pasha is not a man to be crossed. On their part, the Turkish authorities tell Pascali that he will be held responsible if Bowles fails to make the full payment. Spying on Bowles, Pascali finds the archeologist romancing Lydia; swimming naked with her in a remote cove. Pascali has been secretly in love with Lydia and envies the handsome British archeologist. Aroused by the experience, Pascali relieves his sexual frustration at a Turkish bath. Unexpectedly, Bowles wants to change the terms of his contract. He found some small archeological object of great significance, he claims, so he wants the right to excavate to be included in a new lease. Once again Pascali serves as translator and intermediary with the Pasha, who seeing the objects, a gold collar and the antique statue's head, refuses to grant the excavation rights. The Turkish Pasha wants to buy the lease back; Bowles asks for a much larger sum that he originally paid. Pascali tells Bowles that he does not need to keep the pretense with him. Pascali knows that the small statue's head is a forgery and that Bowles intention from the start was to swindle the Turkish authorities enticing them to buy the lease back at a higher amount. Pascali asks for part of Bowles earning in exchange for his silence forcing Bowles to concede. The ploy becomes more complicated when, by chance, Bowles makes a real important archeological discovery: a large bronze statue of a boy from Greek times that is in pristine condition. Deciding to secretly retrieve the statue, Bowles asks Pascali for help delaying the closing of the lease deal for two more days. Pascali helps him not only with the Turkish authorities but also on the excavation. He intends to use the money Bowles offers him to travel to Constantinople and find out what has happened with his reports, the only thing that has given meaning to his life. Both Lydia and Bowles try to persuade Pascali to leave the island as the fall of the Ottoman Empire is imminent. However, believing that Bowles is going to swindle him with the money, Pascali denounces him with the Turkish authorities. He guides them that night to the excavation site. As Bowles and Lydia are planning to leave the island, with the help of the Americans, taken the statue with them, they are all shot and killed by the Turks. Pascali, already regretting having betrayed his friends, returns home just to find the money and a letter from Bowles trying to help him leave the island. Pascali is devastated for his useless mistakes. His reports were neither read nor kept. He loved both Lydia and Bowles but caused their deaths. As the Ottoman Empire crumbles, the only thing left for Pascali is to wait for the Greeks to come for him.
The Return of the Soldier	British	drama	Alan Bridges	In 1914, a group of British soldiers is preparing to leave to fight in The Great War in France led by Captain Chris Baldry. He appears at one final farewell party thrown by his wife, Kitty, and throughout he seems withdrawn and distant. The story moves on to 1916. Kitty and her companion, Jenny Baldry, are living in England. Jenny is concerned because they have heard nothing from Chris' regiment, but Kitty dismisses her fears, more concerned by the rising prices of commodities in wartime Britain. Their quiet war is shattered by the unexpected visit of a Margaret Grey, who has been written to by Chris from his hospital bed. She says Chris is ill and has been brought back to England, but cannot reveal more. Kitty refuses to believe the visitor and has her thrown out. It is only when she studies the telegram carefully that she realises it is genuine and that her husband is in fact in a London hospital. When they visit, Kitty and Jenny see he is being treated for shell-shock, contracted on the Western Front. Chris doesn't remember his own wife, Kitty, and instead shouts that he wants to see Margaret Grey. Humiliated, his wife departs, not entirely convinced he isn't shamming his illness. After a few days, Captain Baldry returns home, to a house that seems alien to him. His former friends are strangers, despite their efforts to reach out to him. He is more amused by simple pursuits, such as walking and staring into the river. He shows little interest in his wife Kitty, and they sleep in separate rooms. He sends for Margaret and both recall their past together. He had been in love with her despite the opposition of his parents to her working-class roots. Following a quarrel, they had been forcibly parted, and had both ended up marrying other people. Kitty is hurt and furious that he shows more interest in Margaret than in herself. An expert in such matters, Doctor Anderson is summoned and examines the patient. He advises that they allow Chris and Margaret to see each other more, something agreed to by a reluctant Kitty and by Margaret's understanding husband William. As their relationship blossoms, it becomes apparent that his attachment to her is one of a childlike nature. Kitty desperately wants him to be cured, and to return to the authoritative pre-war man she had known. Anderson is less keen to cure the Captain, noting how happy he is now. To return him to the present, the horrors of the war and the memory of a young son he had lost to illness, would be cruel. He doesn't even remember the child. Finally they resolve to tell Chris about the child, seeing it as a spur that will cure him. As Kitty watches from a window, Margaret tells him. His body demeanor changes visibly and he starts striding towards the house, looking as his cousin Jenny remarks every inch a soldier. Kitty realizes that her husband has come back to her, even though he will likely now be sent back to the war.
Saanch Ko Aanch Nahin	Bollywood	drama	Satyen Bose	Manoharlal Agarwal (played by Om Shivpuri) and Satyaprakash Agarwal (played by Arvind Deshpande) are wealthy businessmen and close friends. Manoharlal enters into a dispute with Hariram and to solve this he asks his friend Satyaprakash to be the sole arbitrator. To bond their friendship more, Manoharlal proposes to wed his daughter Nirmala (played by Madhu Kapoor[5]) with Satyaprakash's son Ajay (played by Arun Govil). He also proposes this in order to get favour from Satyaprakash in his case. Given the acceptances from both the families, Nirmala and Ajay keep meeting each other and soon fall in love. They are also engaged. But as the events in the case turn out, Satyaprakash gives his decision in favour of Hariram. This agitates Manoharlal and in vengeance he decides to break off the wedding. With his power of money he also gets himself appointed as a sole arbitrator in one of the cases involving Satyaprakash. He then decides to rule against Satyaprakash and ruin him financially. Nirmala is also made to marry another man, Murli. But just before the wedding, she decides to elope with Ajay. Seeing that her daughter has departed, Nirmala's mother goes in shock and falls critically ill. Hence Ajay brings back Nirmala so that her mother can feel better. In the case, Manoharlal sees how Satyaprakash is really innocent. Hence, with all the truth in front of him, he is unable to give a false verdict just for the sake of his vengeance. He thus realises in what situation Satyaprakash had been when he ruled and realises how the truth needs no support and always wins. They both patch up their animosity and the two lovers, Nirmala and Ajay, also get married.
Autobiography of a Princess	British	drama	James Ivory	An Indian princess (Madhur Jaffrey), long-divorced and living in self-enforced exile in 1970s London, spends time with her father's ex-tutor, Cyril Sahib (James Mason), watching film footage of Royal India and talking of a past world. There is a great deal of fascinating real-life footage and interviews with India's royalty: the Maharajas of India and the end they faced due to the 1960s socialist reforms introduced by India's then Prime Minister Mrs. Indira Gandhi.
Aan Baan	Bollywood	drama	Prakash Mehra	Raja Bahadur rules his region, although fully aware that his days as King are numbered. Nevertheless, he indulges in women, alcohol, and high-living - most of which is through borrowed money, with the creditors threatening to take him to court. He even has an affair with prostitute named Dulari, who he refuses to marry, and has her brother, Kundan, sent to jail. When his brother, Suraj, returns from abroad, Bahadur decides to withhold this information from him. In order to keep up appearances, Bahadur gets his men to rob their neighbor, Hiralal's house, of all jewellery and cash. But Hiralal wakes up, calls for help and for the police, and one of Bahadur's men is arrested. When Bahadur finds out that the police have traced him to his house, Suraj decides to take the rap for him, is arrested and imprisoned. On Suraj's return, Bahadur announces his marriage to Rekha, Hiralal's daughter. The problem is that Suraj and Rekha love each other, and the question is will Suraj be willing to make another sacrifice for his brother this time?
Shuva	Bangladeshi	drama	Chashi Nazrul Islam	Shuvaa was named as Shuvashini (one who has melodious voice) but she grows as deaf and dumb. Her father married off her two elder sister Suhashini and Sukeshini with grant ceremony. Now its Shuvaa's turn. Shuvaa and Protap from the same village love and understand each other. Protap asked her father to marry her and her father comes to Protap's parents with marriage proposal. Govinda Goswami refuses the proposal and insults him. Being refused and insulted, Banikonto leaves the village with his daughter and wife to his eldest daughter's house to marry off Shuvaa. Soon after her marriage, her husband Nibaron learns Shuvaa's condition that brings misery for her.
Once a Sinner	British	drama	Lewis Gilbert	Bank clerk John Ross (Jack Watling) falls for good-time girl Irene (Pat Kirkwood), and, although at first she tries to discourage him, they are quickly married. They soon find that Irene does not get along with John's middle-class parents and friends, and when he finally insists on meeting Irene's mother he is taken aback by her hostility towards her own daughter, but he learns that Irene has a child by her former lover, Jimmy (Sidney Tafler). When John tells her it's over between them, Irene reluctantly goes back to Jimmy and they move to London. A few weeks later, when John's father gives him his letters from Irene which his mother had tried to hide from him, John realises he still wants Irene and he sets off to find her. When he arrives, he eventually persuades Irene to go with him and they decide they will try to make a life together in a new place, away from his disapproving family and friends. However, on the train, they have a fateful encounter.
The Book of Henry	American	drama	Colin Trevorrow	In a small suburban town in the Hudson Valley, 11-year-old boy genius Henry Carpenter and his younger brother Peter are being raised by their single mother Susan, a waitress who is working on writing children's picture books. Henry has used his intellect to invest successfully in the stock market, building up a very substantial nest egg for his family. Henry also protects Peter from a school bully and builds Rube Goldberg machines in their tree house. Henry and Susan are both fond of their next-door neighbor (and Henry's classmate), Christina Sickleman, who has recently become glum. Henry sees Christina being abused by her stepfather, Glenn, the local police commissioner. Henry reports the abuse to social services and the school principal, Janice Wilder, but Glenn has connections throughout the local government, and Wilder is reluctant to challenge the commissioner without conclusive evidence. Henry is unable to get the authorities to launch a serious investigation that would protect Christina. Henry tells his mother that when someone is in trouble, those who can help must take action. He develops a detailed plan to rescue Christina that he memorializes in a notebook. After a violent seizure, Henry is taken to the hospital, where he is diagnosed with a brain tumor and undergoes surgery. Anticipating his death, he tells Peter to give Susan the notebook. Days later, Henry dies in Susan's arms in the hospital. Susan is distraught at Henry's death and has difficulty functioning, but when Peter gives her the notebook, she focuses on Henry's plan. Susan tries, but fails, to interest a nearby social services agency in opening an investigation. One night, from the window in Peter's bedroom, she sees Glenn in Christina's room and decides to carry out the plan. The notebook and an accompanying cassette tape describe a step-by-step plan to kill Glenn with a sniper rifle while covering Susan's tracks so that it will be impossible to trace the murder back to her. Susan's alibi is to be provided by executing the murder while both Christina and Peter are performing at a school talent show. Susan slips away from the talent show and puts the plan into motion. As she is about to pull the trigger, however, she realizes that Henry's plan, though ingenious, is the construct of a child, and that she must act as an adult. She immediately confronts Glenn and tells him that she is going to expose him for what he has done to Christina. Glenn replies that everyone will believe him, not her, and he tells her that he is going to call his police chief to come and bring her in. At the same time, affected by Christina's dance performance at the talent show, Principal Wilder decides to follow through on the abuse accusation and contacts the authorities. Glenn returns home, calls his relative at Social Services, and learns that an investigation is being opened into his abuse of Christina. As the police arrive at his house, Glenn kills himself. Susan legally adopts Christina as her daughter. She also finishes writing one of her children's books, as Henry had urged her to do.
The Hunter	Australian	drama	Daniel Nettheim	Mercenary Martin David (Willem Dafoe) is hired by military biotech company Red Leaf to go to Tasmania and gather samples of the Tasmanian tiger, with further instructions to kill all remaining tigers to ensure no competing organization will get their DNA. Posing as a university biologist, Martin lodges in the home of the Armstrong family: Lucy (Frances O'Connor) and her two young children Katie (Morgana Davies) and Jamie (Finn Woodlock). Lucy is perpetually benumbed from prescribed medication, taken after the disappearance of her environmentalist husband, Jarrah Armstrong. Speculation surrounds Jarrah's disappearance, particularly with regards to a longstanding conflict between the local loggers who are in desperate need of jobs, and the 'greenies', a group of environmentalists who have set up road blocks to the forest to prevent its deforestation. Martin goes into the bush for twelve days at a time, setting up various steel traps and makeshift snares, while waiting patiently to see if a tiger will surface. During his short stays at the Armstrongs' to resupply, Martin slowly befriends the children, and discovers that Lucy's medication is delivered to her by Jack Mindy (Sam Neill), who has been unofficially looking in on the family. Martin confiscates Lucy's medication, and bathes her while she is unconscious, after realizing the detrimental effects of her dependency. During one return from the bush, Martin finds Lucy has recovered from the symptoms of her addiction. Jamie provides Martin with a clue as to the tiger's whereabouts: a drawing of the tiger near trees and small bodies of water. From the drawing, Martin is able to deduce the tiger's location on his map. On his next trip out, Martin stumbles across Jarrah's skeletal remains and discovers that he had been shot through the head. Martin gives him a proper burial, but does not reveal his findings to the Armstrong family. On his return to the Armstrong house, Lucy informs him that Red Leaf had initially contracted Jarrah to locate the tiger, a pursuit he eventually abandoned in favor of taking up an environmental cause to protect wildlife and that Red Leaf wanted Jarrah to find the tiger because they believed that it had a paralyzing venom in its bite. While hiking to check his traps, Martin is ambushed by a rival Red Leaf operative sent to replace him. The man binds Martin's hands and instructs Martin to lead him to the tiger's cave, but Martin instead leads the operative past one of his steel traps. The operative steps on the trap, and its metal teeth bind his leg. The operative drops both rifles. Martin frees his hands, picks up one of the rifles, and kills the operative just as the operative frees himself from the trap and lunges for the other rifle. Martin returns to the Armstrong residence to find it burnt down. Confronting Mindy, he learns that Lucy and Katie had perished in the fire that Mindy claims broke out by accident, but Jamie survived and was taken by the authorities. Martin sets out into the bush once more to find the Tasmanian tiger and put an end to Red Leaf's pursuit. He finally finds the creature and reluctantly shoots it, then proceeds to cremate it in order to remove all traces of its existence. Martin returns to town and calls Red Leaf, informing them that what they are looking for is gone forever. He then goes to a school where Jamie sits alone on a bench. When Jamie sees Martin, he runs excitedly toward him and the two embrace.
Salaam Bombay!	Bollywood	drama	Mira Nair	Before the start of the film, Krishna has set fire to his bullying elder brother's motor-bike. This has landed him in big trouble with his mother. She has taken him to the nearby Apollo Circus and told him that he can only come home when he earns 500 rupees to pay for the damaged bike. Krishna agrees and works for the circus. The film begins as the circus is packing up to move on. His boss asks him to run an errand, but when Krishna returns, he finds that the circus has left. Alone, with nowhere to turn, and without the money to repay his mother, he travels to the nearest big city, Bombay. As soon as he arrives, he is robbed of his few possessions. He follows the thieves, befriends them, and ends up in the city's notorious red-light area of Falkland Road, near the Grant Road Railway Station. One of the thieves, Chillum, a drug pusher and addict, helps Krishna to get a job at the Grant Road Tea Stall. Baba, a local drug dealer, employs people like Chillum who are addicted to his drugs. His wife is also a prostitute and they have a little daughter. Baba's wife is annoyed that she has to raise her daughter in such an environment. Baba earlier promised to start a new life elsewhere, but it is a promise which Baba cannot, or has no intention of fulfilling. Krishna gets a new name, Chaipau, and learns to live with it. His goal is still to get the money he needs to return home to his mother, but he soon finds out that saving money in his new surroundings is next to impossible. To make matters worse, he has a crush on a young girl named Sola Saal, who has been recently sold to the brothel. He sets fire to her room and attempts to escape with her, but the two are caught. Sola Saal, who is considered valuable property since she is still a virgin, denies starting the fire and tearfully tries to resist her enslavement. The madame of the house asks Baba to 'break her into' the business, which Baba agrees to do. The fire causes Krishna to get a severe beating, and he loses his job. He works odd jobs to feed himself and look after Chillum, who can't live without drugs. To get more money, Krishna and his pals rob an elderly Parsi man by breaking into his house in broad daylight. Krishna eventually checks on the 300 rupees he has saved, and finds out that they had been stolen by Chillum who had used them to buy drugs, which he then overdosed on and died. One night while returning home from work, the boys and Baba's daughter are apprehended by the police and taken to a juvenile home. Eventually, Krishna escapes and goes back to his world. He finds a new recruit in Baba's drug business has taken Chillum's place and name. Baba's wife is told that the authorities will not release their daughter, because the mother is a prostitute. Krishna meets Sola Saal and tries to convince her to run away with him. She reveals that she is charmed by Baba and not interested in Krishna; she is driven away to service her first 'client'. In a fit of rage, Krishna kills Baba, and attempts to run away with Baba's wife, but they become separated in a parade honoring Ganesh.
Mojave Moon	American	drama	Kevin Dowling	Al McCord is hanging out at his favourite restaurant when he meets an attractive young woman, Ellie, who is looking for a ride from the city into the Mojave Desert, where her mother Julie lives. Al discovers romance with the free-spirited Julie despite the nearby presence of her boyfriend Boyd, who seems likely to go berserk at any moment. Strange events follow and it's up to Al to find an explanation. In the desert, Al's car develops a flat tire. He opens the trunk and discovers an apparent dead body (Ellie's boyfriend Kaiser, whom Al had not yet been aware of). Al heads to a gas station for repairs, following a near run-in with a highway patrolman, when he is interrupted by an attempted robbery. The confusion created by the gun-happy gas station worker allows Al to escape unhurt. Back home, Al is visited by Ellie, followed by Julie. Unknown to him at this point, his car is being stolen. Outside they notice Boyd and flee to a nearby motel. Just after Al leaves to search for his car, Boyd arrives at the motel, taking the women back to Mojave and locking them in a shed. Al and actor buddy Sal mount a rescue mission but are themselves knocked out by Boyd. Kaiser, still alive, arrives at Mojave unseen as Boyd drives off with Al, Sal, Julie and Ellie in the car atop his truck, intending on tipping the car and passengers over the edge of a quarry. They eventually escape uninjured while Boyd plummets to his doom, signaled by an ostentatious explosion. Ellie returns to Los Angeles with Sal, while Al remains for the night, at least, with Julie.
The Kidnappers	British	drama	Philip Leacock	In the early 1900s, two young orphaned brothers, eight year old Harry (Jon Whiteley) and five year old Davy Mackenzie (Vincent Winter) are sent to live in a Scottish settlement in Nova Scotia, Canada, with their stern Granfather (Macrae) and Grandmother (Anderson) after their father's death in the Boer War. The boys would love to have a dog but are not allowed, Grandaddy holding that ye canna eat a dog. Then they find an abandoned baby. Living in fear of Grandaddy (he beats Harry, the older boy, for disobeying him), they conceal it from the adults. They see it as a kind of substitute for the dog they have been denied (Davy, the younger boy, asks his brother, Shall we call the baby Rover, Harry?). Grandaddy is having problems with the Dutch settlers who have arrived at the settlement in increasing numbers after leaving South Africa at the end of the Boer War. He has had a long-running dispute with Afrikaner Jan Hooft over ownership of a hill and refuses to accept a legal ruling that the land, in fact, belongs to Hooft. He also keeps a close rein on his grown-up daughter Kirsty (Corri) and is reluctant for her to make a life for herself. She is in love with the local doctor Willem Bloem, who left Holland for Canada for reasons he will not disclose. He does not return her affections. To make matters worse, it turns out that the kidnapped baby is Hooft's younger daughter. When found out, Harry is tried at a court set up in the local trading store. He is suspected of taking her as a result of the tensions between the two families but states that he did not know her identity. Surprisingly, Hooft speaks up in his defense, stating that no harm had come to her and his older daughter should have been looking after her. The court official suggests that Harry be sent to a corrective school, and is immediately threatened with shooting by Grandaddy. The clerk climbs down, merely suggesting an investigation into the location of these schools in case a further kidnapping should occur. Afterwards, Grandaddy thanks Hooft for speaking up for Harry. The film ends with Grandaddy (who had never learned to read or write) instructing Harry to write to a mail order company to order the red setter they had set their hearts on. He had found the flyer for the dog in one of his best boots, where the boys had hidden it. They had noticed that he sometimes walked without these boots, slinging them over his shoulder, to save wear and tear. To pay for the dog, Grandaddy had sold them – a prized item among his few possessions. Davy is now able to say, I think we'll call him Rover, Harry. One of the film's most memorable moments comes with the horror on Duncan Macrae's face at what his grandson must have thought of him when he implores Don't eat the babbie, grandaddy!.
The Marriage Bond	British	drama	Maurice Elvey	A drunken man is left by his wife but she later comes back to him when she realises how desperate he is.
Al Haram (The Sin)	Egyptian	drama	Henry Barakat	Azizah, a poor peasant, portrays worker oppression in this somber social drama. She gets savagely raped by a guard when she goes into the fields to gather potatoes. She does not reveal what had happened to her husband who is suffering from an illness. She conceals the pregnancy and throttles the baby after it is born. She also dies soon thereafter. The migrant workers rally around her memory as she becomes a martyr to the cause of the struggling peasants. The newspaper Le Monde wrote: we have been attracted to this film due to the true picture that reflects the suffering of this village, the picture is not about a problem for one individual, it’s about the reflection of everything surrounding her, from people to culture.
Mr. Nobody	British	drama	Frank Miller	In 2092, humanity has conquered mortality through the endless renewal of cells. The world watches in fascination as the 118-year-old Nemo Nobody, the last mortal on Earth, edges towards death. Curious to know of life before quasi-immortality, they interview Nemo. Dr. Feldheim, a psychiatrist, uses hypnosis to help Nemo recall some of his memories, while Nemo relates other memories to a journalist. As he is prodded, Nemo makes contradictory statements. He recounts his life at three primary points: at age 9, when his parents divorced, at age 15 when he fell in love, and at age 34 as an adult. All three unfold into their many possible outcomes. Nemo explains that before birth, children remember everything that will happen in their lives. At the moment of conception, the Angels of Oblivion erase their memory. The Angels, however, forget about Nemo, allowing him to remember different possible futures for himself. At age 9, at a railway station, he is forced to choose as his mother leaves on a train while his father stays on the platform. In one case, he manages to board the train while in another he stays with his father. A rebellious Nemo lives with his mother and her new partner, Harry, in Montreal. He sees a new girl, Anna, in his school and is immediately smitten. One day on the beach, Anna asks if he would like to swim with her and her friends. Nemo insults her friends and they barely see each other again. In an alternate story line, Nemo admits to Anna he cannot swim; the two spend time together and fall in love. Anna turns out to be Harry's daughter and the two step siblings begin an illicit affair. They pledge their lives to one another. When Harry and Nemo's mother break up, Anna goes to New York with her father, and they lose touch. Years later, Nemo works as a pool cleaner, hoping to run into Anna by chance. They finally see one another at the train station and immediately recognize each other in a crowd of passers-by. After a passionate reunion, Anna announces she is not ready to immediately resume the relationship. She gives him her number, asks him to call her in two days and meet at the lighthouse. However, he loses her number when a sudden downpour makes her note illegible. Nemo waits at the lighthouse every day, but Anna does not come. In a different storyline, Anna and Nemo are married with children. Nemo works at a television studio narrating educational videos. One evening, while returning home, he hits a bird, loses control of his car, plummets into a lake and drowns. Nemo stays with his father, who later becomes disabled. He works in a shop and spends his free time at home at the typewriter, writing a science fiction story about a journey to Mars. At a school dance, he meets Elise and falls in love. A few days later, Nemo goes to Elise's house but sees her with her 22-year-old boyfriend. Frustrated, he speeds away on his motorcycle, has an accident and is hospitalized in a vegetative state. Though he can perceive the world through his senses, Nemo cannot move or speak. He detects his parents' reunion at his bedside. Nemo tries to remember the movement of his fingers on the typewriter keyboard and eventually manages to lift a finger as this story line comes to a close. In yet another alternate timeline, Nemo speaks with Elise at her house, and learns that she is still in love with her boyfriend, Stefano. Nemo does not back down and keeps assuring her of his feelings. Finally, Elise gives in and a few years later, they get married. In one version of the story line, Elise dies in an accident on the return from the wedding. Nemo keeps her ashes, having promised her to spread them on Mars. In a far future, Nemo carries Elise's ash to Mars and spreads them on the planet's surface. Aboard the spacecraft traveling back to Earth, he meets Anna. Before they can say much to each other, the ship is destroyed by meteoroids. In an alternate version of events, he works at the same television studio but his assistant drowns instead. The assistant's widow is Anna, whom he recognizes. Another storyline has Nemo and Elise married with three children. However, their marriage is unhappy as Elise suffers from borderline personality disorder and chronic depression. She has attacks of hysteria and, despite Nemo's attempts to save their marriage, ultimately leaves him to pursue Stefano. Alternatively, after being rejected by Elise, Nemo resolves to marry the first girl who will dance with him at the school prom. That night, he dances with Jeanne. While taking her home, Nemo pledges to marry her and be successful. Despite being successful and having two children, Nemo is unhappy and bored with his life. Nemo writes over all his possessions to Jeanne and leaves his family. Now making all of his decisions randomly via coin toss, he goes to the airport, and pretends to be a passenger named Daniel Jones and is taken to a hotel by a waiting chauffeur. At Jones' hotel room, Nemo is murdered while taking a bath, and his body is dumped in the woods. Running throughout all the many paths his life could take or has taken, the adult Nemo recurringly awakens in a surrealistic world dominated by argyle patterns. This setting seems artificial, like a movie set, and often appears to bleed over into his other lives. Following clues that he finds scattered throughout this city, he ultimately arrives at a crumbling, abandoned wooden-framed house. He stumbles upon a DVD player hooked up to a television screen. In the strangely interactive video, the 118-year-old Nemo converses with the 34-year-old one. He explains that the younger man does not exist. This is a universe where Nemo Nobody was never born, and his consciousness is stuck in some sort of limbo. He states that he is experiencing the story from the end and that he must stay alive until 5:50 AM on 12 February 2092. Before his death, Mr. Nobody tells the journalist that neither of them exist. They are figments in the mind of the 9-year-old Nemo at the train station, as he was forced to make an impossible choice. The young boy tries to find the correct decision, following each choice to its conclusion. Eventually, the boy takes a third option: to not make the choice at all. He leaves both parents and runs away towards an unknown future. This ambiguous choice somehow leads to him and Anna reuniting happily. The film returns to old Nemo on his death bed. The calculated time arrives and Mr. Nobody's last words are watched by the world. The expansion of the universe comes to a halt and time appears to reverse. The universe ceases to dissipate, and finally begins contracting. Consequently, Nemo's life simplifies itself. He is able to return to his childhood, watch his parents get back together and be with Anna. The 118-year-old man cackles triumphantly as he springs back into awareness with the realization that his younger self has finally found his one true love and life.
City of Hope	American	drama	John Sayles	The film tells the story of Nick Rinaldi (Vincent Spano), who has spent his life in one New Jersey city, getting a free ride from his well-connected father (Tony LoBianco) and hearing the locals talk of his brother's death in Vietnam. As Rinaldi searches for more self-control, he quits the contractor's job provided by his father, feeling that major events are about to happen in his life. By the film's ending, his life will change, as will the lives of many others.
While I Live	British	drama	John Harlow	In 1922 in Cornwall, a prodigious young pianist and composer Olwen Trevelyan (Audrey Fildes) is struggling with the ending of a piano tone poem she is composing. Driven to complete the piece by her domineering elder sister Julia (Sonia Dresdel), Olwen becomes agitated and despondent, and one night sleepwalks to the edge of a cliff near their home. Julia follows her and shouts her name but Olwen, abruptly awakened, loses her balance and falls to her death on the rocks below. Julia is unable to come to terms with Olwen's death and the guilt of her own role in it, over the years becoming a reclusive, obsessive figure whose main raison d'être is to keep Olwen's memory alive. Olwen's final composition gains her posthumous recognition, and each year on the anniversary of her death it is broadcast on the radio. On the 25th anniversary of Olwen's death, Julia is listening to the broadcast when she hears a frantic knocking at the door and opens it to admit an unknown young woman (Carol Raye), who immediately walks up to the piano and begins expertly playing along with the piece on the radio. The young woman claims to have lost her memory and to have no idea of who she is or how she came to chance upon the isolated house, yet she seems to have a familiarity with the surroundings and the history of the Trevelyan family. Struck by her physical resemblance to Olwen, Julia offers her refuge and, also seeing behavioural traits reminiscent of Olwen, becomes convinced that the woman is the reincarnation of her dead sister. A local faith healer Nehemiah (Tom Walls), who also claims second sight, becomes involved and it seems increasingly as though history is repeating itself, culminating when the young woman too is found standing precariously on the edge of the cliff from which Olwen fell.
Caesar and Cleopatra	British	drama	Gabriel Pascal	In this philosophical coming-of-age film, an aging Julius Caesar takes possession of the Egyptian capital city of Alexandria, and tries to resolve a feud between young Princess Cleopatra and her younger brother Ptolemy. During the resulting sometimes-murderous court intrigues, Caesar develops a special relationship with Cleopatra, and teaches her how to use her royal power.
Anesthesia	American	drama	Tim Blake Nelson	Philosophy professor Walter Zarrow is wounded during a mugging. In an effort to escape he rings buzzers indiscriminately, waking Sam, a middle-aged father of two having an affair in the city. Sam reluctantly answers Zarrow's pleas, and Zarrow loses consciousness in his arms. Through an exploration of why these men, along with the mugger, and an addict named Joe, come together, we explore New York City. The experience of Zarrow, Sam, Joe and Zarrow's assailant ripple quickly out to include the connected lives of a housewife struggling with alcoholism, a stoner teen desperate to lose his virginity, a brilliant but failed writer fighting addiction, two parents confronting the prospect of terminal illness, and a brilliant grad student who harms herself to feel alive.
Mr. Perrin and Mr. Traill	British	drama	Lawrence Huntington	An elderly schoolmaster is upset when a new, younger teacher arrives at the school proving extremely popular with the students. Their rivalry is eventually driven to a tragic conclusion.[1]
Sardari Begum	Bollywood	drama	Shyam Benegal	The police are called to investigate the death of a woman during a riot in the walled city of Delhi.[2] She was killed by a stone thrown by an agitated mob. The woman killed is known in the community as Sardari Begum (Kiron Kher), a popular singer and courtesan. The religious nature of the incident and the impending elections combine to attract the media's attention. When a young reporter covering the funeral, Tehzeeb Abbasi (Rajina Raj Bisaria), discovers her father among the mourners, her curiosity prompts her to investigate further. Then comes the revelation that the singer was in fact her aunt, who was disowned by her family for rebelliously learning music from a concubine.
Deewaar	Bollywood	drama	Yash Chopra	The film opens with a depiction of the strong leadership of trade unionist Anand Verma (Satyen Kappu), who works hard to enhance the lives of struggling laborers. He lives in a modest home with his wife, Sumitra Devi (Nirupa Roy), and their two young sons, Vijay (Amitabh Bachchan), and Ravi (Shashi Kapoor). Anand, however, is blackmailed by a corrupt businessman who threatens to kill his family if Anand does not cease his protest activities. Forced into compliance, Anand is thus attacked by the very same laborers who then jeer him for his betrayal, unaware that he was blackmailed. His family is also persecuted by the angry workers. Out of shame, Anand leaves town, leaving Sumitra to care for their sons alone in poverty. Several of the angry workers kidnap Vijay and tattoo his arm with the Hindi words मेरा बाप चोर है merā bāp chor hai (my father is a thief). Not knowing what else to do, Sumitra brings her children to Bombay and struggles as a day laborer to care for her now homeless sons. Vijay, the older brother, grows up with an acute awareness of his father's failure and is victimized for his father's supposed misdeeds. In the process of fighting for his rights, Vijay, who starts out as a boot polisher, was a dockyard worker in his youth, now becomes a smuggler for the underworld. Vijay beats up several thugs working for their ruthless leader Samant (Madan Puri), which then influences one of Samant's rivals to bring Vijay to his inner circle, leaving Vijay to become a new leading figure of the underworld. He also sacrifices his own education so his brother Ravi can study. Ravi is an excellent student. He is dating Veera (Neetu Singh), the daughter of a senior police officer. On the Commissioner's suggestion, Ravi applies for employment with the police, and is sent for training. Several months later, he is accepted by the police, and has a rank of Sub-Inspector. When Ravi returns home, he finds that Vijay has become a businessman overnight, has accumulated wealth, and a palatial home. One of his first assignments is to apprehend and arrest some of Bombay's hardcore criminals and smugglers which includes his brother, Vijay – much to his shock, as he had never associated his own brother with criminal activities. Ravi must now decide between apprehending Vijay and quitting the police force. When Ravi finds out that Vijay has acquired wealth by crime, he decides to move out along with his mother. Shouldering past the loss of his mother and sibling, Vijay enters a sexual relationship with Anita (Parveen Babi), a woman whom he meets at a bar. When Anita falls pregnant, Vijay decides to abandon his life in the underworld, marry her, and confess his sins. He also hopes to seek forgiveness from his mother and brother. However, when Anita is brutally murdered by Samant, Vijay loses all sense and brutally murders Samant in revenge for Anita's death, leading him to be branded a criminal forever. Their mother, who had sided with Ravi despite the fact that Vijay was her favourite, is tormented by Vijay's decisions and rejects him. When the two brothers meet for a final clash, Ravi, pleading Vijay to stop running, shoots Vijay in his arm and Vijay dies (after crashing his car into a wall while trying to escape) in his mother's arms in a temple, seeking forgiveness. Ravi is felicitated for pursuing justice.
Soul on a String	Chinese	drama	Zhang Yang	Tabei (塔贝) is a hunter who had killed countless animals. Once, when he hunting a deer, he is killed by lightning. But is isn't long before that he is saved by the Gautama Buddha, who orders him to escort a treasure to a holy land of Tibetan place named Zhangwendi.
Holud Pakhir Dana	Bengali	drama	Kanoj Das	Riju (Dibyendu Mukherjee) is a doctor who was severely harmed when he got hit by a car. The car belonged to Saheli (Rimjhim Gupta), who is also a doctor. Saheli then tried to nurse Riju so that he came back to his health. She kept Riju at her residence for a period and as days passed, they fell in love. When Riju returned home, he discovered that his mother (Anuradha Ray) had died. He then went to Mathurapur when a doctor called him from there to inform him that a lot of villagers were ill due to consumption of spurious liquor. On the other hand, one day, Saheli came to know that she had cancer and she went to the Painless Life Centre and stayed there. Riju tried to find out the whereabouts of Saheli one day since they had not been in touch for a very long time. He landed up at the Centre one day and took Saheli back home as he wanted her to be by his side during her last days. She died after a few days.[1]
Stormy Monday	American	drama	Mike Figgis	The film opens on a young man, Brendan (Sean Bean), looking for work. He circles an ad seeking a cleaner for heavy, night work at the Key Club owned by Finney (Sting). Before he can answer the ad, he meets cute with an American woman, Kate (Melanie Griffith). Their paths later cross at a hotel where the Krakow Jazz Ensemble is busy checking in for their stay. When Brendan meets Finney, the club owner is uninterested in Brendan until they discover a shared love of jazz. After getting the job, Brendan orders dinner at a restaurant when he is surprised to see that his waitress is Kate. She recommends the steak, and as he waits for his meal, he overhears two men talking about buying Finney out of his club. They make it clear that they are willing to kill Finney to get their way. Brendan asks Kate out on a date, which he interrupts to seek out Finney. Brendan tells Finney, who is with his mistress, that he needs to speak with him. Finney asks him to come to his house the next day. Brendan and Kate spend a sexless night together. In the morning, Brendan meets Finney's wife at his house, and explains to Finney about the threat to his life. At the Key Club, Finney is ready for the gangsters. He overpowers them with his own men, and breaks the arm of the heavy (James Cosmo) with the implements that were intended to break his own arm. Back at the hotel, Cosmo (Tommy Lee Jones), a corrupt businessman, is the guest of honor at America Week, which is meant to secure development deals for the city. The Polish band is enlisted at the last minute to sub in for the originally scheduled band. Meanwhile, Kate is at the event in the company of a corpulent executive who makes sexual advances on her. In the climax to the film, Cosmo reveals himself as the real force behind the goons trying to muscle Finney out of his club. He also makes it clear to Brendan that he hires Kate from time to time to work as a prostitute to secure business deals. Finney stands his ground and scares off Cosmo.
Nothing Personal	British	drama	Thaddeus O'Sullivan	In 1975 Belfast, the Troubles is in full effect, erupting into violence once again when a Protestant bar is bombed by rival Catholics, and several people are killed. Only hours later, Protestant fighters Kenny (James Frain) and Ginger (Ian Hart) retaliate by killing a Catholic, starting a full-scale riot. Meanwhile, Liam (John Lynch), a Catholic single father, attempts to help the victims of the fighting, but soon finds himself on the wrong side of the Protestant-Catholic divide.
Our Mother's House	British	drama	Jack Clayton	The seven Hook children, whose ages range from five to fourteen, live in a dilapidated Victorian house in suburban London. The older children help to care for their invalid single mother, whose chronic illness has led to her to convert to fundamentalist religion and refuse all medical help. When their mother dies suddenly, the children realise that they may be split up and sent to orphanages, so they decide to conceal their mother's death and carry on with their daily routine as if she were still alive. They secretly bury their mother in the back yard at night, and convert the garden shed into a shrine to her, where they periodically hold seances to communicate with her spirit. The eldest child, Elsa, takes charge. The children make excuses for their mother's absence to their neighbours and teachers, claiming that the doctor has sent her to the seaside for her health, and they dismiss their abrasive housekeeper, Mrs Quayle. The children realise they can support themselves after Elsa discovers that younger brother Jiminee can convincingly forge their mother's signature, enabling them to cash the trust fund cheques that arrive for her each month, and they also discover that their mother has left over £400 in her savings account. Some of the children suggest contacting their estranged father, but the idea is rejected by Elsa, who has been indoctrinated with her mother's bitter contempt for her shiftless ex-husband. When oldest brother Hubert discovers that Elsa knows their father's contact address (a letter arrives which Elsa tears up in front of Hubert), Hubert suggests that they get in touch with him, hoping he will help them. Elsa dismisses the idea and throws the address away, but when she leaves the room Hubert recovers it. For the next six months, the children carry on an outwardly normal life, although conflict arises when Gerty innocently takes a ride on a stranger's motorbike. Horrified by Gerty's contact with an outsider, Diana 'consults' their mother's spirit. The siblings denounce Gerty as a 'harlot' and they punish her by taking away the precious comb their mother had given her, and cutting off her long hair. Soon after, Gerty falls ill, and although Diana follows their mother's practice and refuses to get a doctor, Gerty eventually recovers. The children's secret world begins to change when Jiminee brings home Louis, a friend from his school, and allows him to hide there. Soon their teacher arrives, demanding to search the house and retrieve the missing boy, but the situation is defused by the unexpected arrival of their father, Charlie. He immediately moves in, and Hubert admits that he had secretly written to Charlie, asking him to come. The family adjusts to the new domestic situation, with Charlie taking them on outings, and even buying a new car. Most of the children (especially Diana) come to trust and love him, although Elsa remains deeply suspicious of him. The children's idyllic world begins to crumble after Charlie has a chance encounter on a bus with Mrs Quayle. She soon reappears at the house, demanding to know what has happened to Mrs Hook, but she is placated by Charlie. She inveigles her way back into the home, and she and Charlie soon begin a relationship. As time passes Charlie reverts to form, spending freely, drinking heavily, and entertaining 'loose women' in the house. Learning of Jiminee's ability to forge their mother's signature, Charlie convinces him to sign documents without his siblings' knowledge, and he further alienates the children when he dismantles their garden shrine. Matters come to a head when an estate agent and a couple let themselves in to inspect the house. Although Diana still refuses to see the truth, Elsa and Gerty correctly deduce that Charlie intends to sell the house, and after searching his room they discover that he has squandered virtually all of their mother's savings. When Charlie arrives home that night, the children demand an explanation. He at first tries to cover for himself but, confronted by the implacable Elsa, he reveals all, and furiously denounces their mother - he explains that she had led a dissolute life before she fell ill and turned to religion, that the children are in fact the illegitimate offspring of her many adulterous liaisons, and that none of them are his own. He further reveals that he now controls the property, having used Jiminee to unwittingly forge their mother's signature and sign over the title deed for himself. When he callously declares that he despises the children, and that he intends to sell the house and put them all into care, Diana snaps and kills him with a poker. The children briefly debate whether or not to bury Charlie in the garden and carry on as before, but they finally accept the gravity of their situation. As the film ends, the children leave the house for the last time and walk off into the dark to turn themselves in to the authorities.
My Beautiful Laundrette	British	drama	Stephen Frears	Omar Ali is a young man living in Battersea in the Wandsworth area of South London, right by the railway station[4] during the mid-1980s. His father, Hussein (known to the rest of the family as Papa), once a famous left-wing British Pakistani journalist in Bombay, lives in London but hates Britain's society and its international politics. His dissatisfaction with the world and a family tragedy have led him to sink into alcoholism, so that Omar has to be his caregiver. By contrast, Omar's paternal uncle Nasser is a successful entrepreneur and an active member of the London Pakistani community. Papa asks Nasser to give Omar a job and, after working for a brief time as a car washer in one of his uncle's garages, he is assigned the task of managing a run-down laundrette and turning it into a profitable business. At Nasser's, Omar meets a few other members of the Pakistani community: Tania, Nasser's daughter and possibly a future bride; and Salim, who trafficks drugs and hires him to deliver them from the airport. While driving Salim and his wife home that night, the three of them get attacked by a group of right-wing extremist street punks. Their apparent leader turns out to be Johnny, Omar's childhood friend. Omar tries to reestablish their past friendship, offering Johnny a job and the opportunity to adopt a better life by working to fix up the laundrette with him. Johnny decides to help with the laundrette and they resume a romantic relationship that (it is implied) had been interrupted after school. Running out of money, Omar and Johnny sell one of Salim's drug deliveries to make cash for the laundrette's substantial renovation. On the opening day of the laundrette, Omar confronts Johnny on his fascist past. Johnny, feeling guilty, tells him that though he cannot make it up to him, he is with him now. Nasser visits the laundrette with his mistress, Rachel. As they dance together in the laundrette, Omar and Johnny make love in the back room, narrowly escaping discovery. At the inauguration, Tania confronts Rachel about having an affair with her father. Rachel accuses Nasser of having invited Tania on purpose to have her insulted, and storms off despite his protests. Later that night, a drunk Omar proposes to Tania, who accepts on the condition that he raise money to get away. Soon after, Salim reveals to Omar that he is on to them, and demands his money back. Omar's father stops by late in the night and appeals to Johnny to persuade Omar to go to college because he is unhappy with his son running a laundrette. Offering Salim a chance to invest in his businesses as a much needed 'clean outlet' for his money, Omar decides to take over two laundrettes owned by a friend of Nasser. Salim drives Johnny and Omar to view one of the properties, and he expresses his dislike of the British non-working punks in Johnny's gang. He attempts to run them over and injures one of them. Meanwhile, Rachel falls ill with a skin rash apparently caused by a ritual curse from Nasser's wife, and decides it is best for all that she and Nasser part ways. The next day Tania drops by the laundrette and tells Johnny she is leaving, asking him to come along. He refuses, implicitly revealing the truth about himself and Omar and she departs wordlessly. After Salim arrives and enters the laundrette, the punks, who had been lying in wait, trash his car. When he runs out on noticing them, he is ambushed and viciously attacked. Johnny decides to interrupt and defend him, despite their mutual dislike, and the punks turn their attention to him instead. As he refuses to fight back, they beat him savagely until Omar returns and intervenes, protecting Johnny as the punks trash the laundrette and flee the scene. Nasser visits Papa, and the two discuss their respective failures, agreeing between them that only Omar's future matters now. Nasser sees Tania at the train platform while she is running away, and he shouts to her but she disappears. Meanwhile, at the laundrette, Omar nurses Johnny, and the two bond. The film ends with a scene of them shirtless, playfully splashing each other with water from a sink, implying that they are continuing their relationship together.
Mahanagar	Bengali	drama	Satyajit Ray	Set in Calcutta during the 1950s Mahanagar explores the evolving independence of middle-class women of the city. Arati played by (Madhabi Mukherjee), a home maker, takes up a job as a door-to-door saleswoman to meet the increasing financial pressure on her orthodox and conservative family. Despite familial adversity and societal obstacles the initially hesitant and nervous Arati soon begins to prosper in her field and gradually starts to enjoy her new-found financial and psychological independence. Her initially supportive husband, Subrata played by(Anil Chatterjee), starts to feel insecure and decides to ask Arati to quit after tentatively securing another part-time job. Before Arati can quit, Subrata loses his job in the bank he was working for as it is shut down in the last of the Calcutta bank crashes.[4] Subrata has no choice but to let her continue to work. Arati now becomes the sole breadwinner of the family and further befriends an English-speaking, Anglo-Indian (representative of the legacy of the British Raj) colleague Edith (Vicky Redwood), a move which raises suspicion and increases conflict within her family. Slowly Arati begins to shine in her job and earn the trust of her manager, who promises her further responsibility if she continues to work with her efficiency. Subrata meanwhile now sits all day at home and drowns himself in suspicion, insecurity and ego. Subrata finally decides to meet Himangshu played by (Haradhan Bannerjee), Arati's boss, to ease some of his suspicions. When he meets him he finds that Himangshu is an affable and friendly person who also hails from Pabna District, and eases up to him. They discuss about the unemployment of Subrata and Himangshu promises to find him a job somewhere. Meanwhile, Edith comes back after a long sickness to the office but Himangshu doesn't believe she was actually sick, and fires her quoting reasons pertaining to Edith's frivolous lifestyle. She is hurt and cries in the washroom, which is seen by Arati. A once timid person, Arati lets go of her inhibitions and decides to fight this injustice. She confronts Himangshu impulsively, regardless of her position as the sole breadwinner of her family. After a heated exchange where her boss doesn't agree to apologize to Edith, Arati hands in her resignation letter composed before Subrata loses her job and storms off. On her way out of the office she meets Subrata and apologizes to him because of her actions and tells him that she feels scared of the future. Initially hesitant, Subarata realizes that his wife has shown courage rather than meekly submitting to cowardliness because of her needs. He placates Arati and tells her that he believes some day they both will get jobs to support their family.
Decoration Day	American	drama	Robert Markowitz	James Garner plays a retired judge and recluse who comes out of hiding to investigate when his childhood friend (Bill Cobbs) refuses to accept a Medal of Honor awarded decades ago in World War II. His reason is kept in confidence and Garner's character files a motion to deny the ceremony. Meanwhile, the personal lives of the other characters have issues of their own to work out. In the end of things Cobbs' character is told of something he didn't know about and the two romantic side stories resolve in a positive fashion.
The Glass Castle	American	drama	Destin Daniel Cretton	The unconventional, poverty-stricken upbringing Walls and her siblings had at the hands of their deeply dysfunctional parents.
Accident	British	drama	Joseph Losey	Stephen, a married Oxford tutor in his forties, has two students: the rich and likeable William, of whom he is fond, and a beautiful, enigmatic Austrian named Anna, whom he secretly covets. William also fancies Anna and hopes to know her better. Stephen, while his wife is away having their third child, looks up an old flame in London and they sleep together. Returning home, he finds that his pushy colleague Charley has broken in and is using it for sex with Anna. Her tryst discovered, she tells Stephen privately that she is getting engaged to William. Excited at his good fortune, William says he will call round to Stephen's house after a party that night. As William is too drunk to drive, Anna takes the wheel and crashes the car outside Stephen's gate. Upon finding the accident and William dead, Stephen pulls the deeply shaken Anna from the wreckage and hides her upstairs while he calls the police. When they have gone, he forces himself on her although she is still in shock and then takes her back to her rooms. He comes by in the morning to find a bemused Charley who cannot prevent Anna from packing to go back to Austria.
Pasi	South_Korean	drama	Choi In-kyu	Manian, a cycle-rickshaw puller, is a road-side dweller along with his wife Valliamma and their seven children – two daughters and five sons. Despite being the sole breadwinner of his family, Manian spends the majority of his meager earnings on liquor. His wife struggles to make ends meet with the remaining amount. Her friend Rakkamma, a street food vendor, lends financial support to Valliamma's family. The educated Krishna, one of Manian's sons, elopes with a girl and separates himself from the family. Manian's daughter Kuppamma along with her friend Chellamma contribute a small income to the family by picking up rags on the roads. Rangan, a kindhearted lorry driver, befriends Kuppamma and offers assistance to her whenever she is in need of any help. They both get close to each other and their friendship leads to a physical relationship. When Valliamma gets to know this, she commits suicide fearing that Kuppamma's act has brought disgrace to the family. Meanwhile, Kuppamma gets shocked when she learns that Rangan is already married. With an intention to not disclose Rangan's identity, she keeps herself away from him. During this time, Kuppamma finds out that she's pregnant. Despite the advice of fellow road-side dwellers to abort the child, she refuses to do so. She also protects Rangan's identity by informing her relatives that her lover had died in an accident. Knowing that she is about to deliver their child, Kuppamma wishes to meet Rangan. But Rangan had relocated to another locality after she turned down his support. When Rangan's wife gets to know of the relationship, she empathises with Kuppamma and insists that Rangan bring her to their home. When Rangan reaches the slum, he finds Kuppamma in throes of labour pain. Kuppamma dies soon after, upon delivering their child. Rangan and his wife then decide to adopt the child as penance for Rangan's sins.
Padre de Familia	Filipino	drama	Adolfo Alix Jr.	The film starts with Noel (Coco Martin) leaving for Malaysia as an OFW, he lands a job as a taxi driver and meets a woman named Pia (Julia Montes), who was crying as she rode the cab. Meanwhile, in the Philippines, Noel's mother, Aida (Nora Aunor) is receiving his remittances and pasalubongs so she could take care of his siblings (Miles Ocampo , Manuel Chua), and the extended family like his hot-headed aunt Ramona (Rosanna Roces) and his grandmother (Anita Linda). Pia rides Noel's cab for the second time and he discovers that she is from the Philippines like him. The two start dating after seeing each other more from then. He tells her about his father who also worked as an OFW but never returned, pushing him to work abroad as the new breadwinner of the family. Later on, she tells Noel that she has a partner and a child back home, which Noel didn't seem to mind. Aida receives a letter which she appeared not to expect getting. After receiving it, she starts shopping for new clothes and grooming herself. She also meets Job (Joem Bascon), a much younger guy who works at the market and falls in love with him. The conflict began when Aida decided to take Job to be her partner, and took the young man to live with the entire family – much to the dismay of Ramona. The plot thickens when Pia decides to leave Noel and go back to the Philippines after her work contract in Malaysia ended. Noel also went home one day and gets furious upon finding out that his mother is cheating on his father with a younger man. The content of the letter Aida received was revealed when she responded to her son's anger. They find out that Ben (Joel Torre) is alive, so Noel went to where his father was and took him home. He also searched for Pia and found out that her husband Raymond (Baron Geisler) is abusive, so he makes an effort to take her away from him. However, the husband finds out and beats him up. Later on, Romana learns that Aida has not been paying the bills to get their house back after it has been pawned. This results to a feud that gives the grandmother a heart attack, eventually killing her. Ben tells the family that the money Noel has been giving to Aida went to his medication and new family, and that she was not spending it for Job. Noel and his mother sort things out right before Raymond set their house on fire. The story ends with Noel and his family, finally together with Pia and her child in a new house, with Noel getting ready to back to Malaysia once again to work and support them financially.
Stella	American	drama	John Erman	Stella (Bette Midler) is a feisty woman working in a bar when she meets and falls for the suave charms of the young Dr. Steve Dallas (Stephen Collins). Although from opposite ends of the social spectrum, they start an affair resulting in Stella becoming pregnant. After he proposes half-heartedly, she rejects him and embarks upon raising their child Jenny as a single mother but is always helped and encouraged by her stalwart friend, a local good natured barfly, Ed Munn (John Goodman). Stella is fiercely independent and proud and is determined to do well by this child and take on whatever jobs she must to raise her daughter properly. When Jenny is 4 years old, her father suddenly reappears on the scene and is determined to get to know his daughter. At first reluctant to allow this, Stella is persuaded to allow contact, and a happy bond develops between the father and daughter. As Jenny (Trini Alvarado) grows up, she becomes torn between her father's rich and well-connected background, and her loyalty and love for her mother who is poor and vulgar but devoted to her daughter. She also despises the perceived relationship she sees developing between Stella and Ed Munn who is now a broken alcoholic. Jenny eventually meets and falls for a boy from her fathers 'world' and Stella realizes that now, the disparities in her own and Jennys father's backgrounds might jeopardize her daughter's future happiness. So she makes a heart rending decision towards the end of the film to ensure that this is not going to happen.
Sringkhal	Assamese	drama	Prabin Hazarika	The plot is based against a rural backdrop. Dayaram (Badal Das), an old man, in the hope to see a family flowering, had allowed Nilakanta (Saurav Hazarika) to settle down. Kalidas (Adil Hussain), a friend of Nilakanta, who had fallen for Ambika (Jaya Seal Ghosh) had informed Nilakanta that cupid had indeed struck. When Nilakanta informs Kalidas that he will soon be marrying Ambika, the gentleman in Kalidas ensures that he does not complicate matters and moves away on business. But after her husband passes away, Ambika, struggles for survival and brings up her children and an infant doing the odd menial work in the village. Once, on her way back home, she captures timid four pigeons which make Ambika shed some of her timidity. Kalidas returns after long years to frequently spend long hours in Dayaram’s courtyard. Dayaram dreams that Ambika hunger ends soon. He wants to play cupid this time. Ambika too is aware of Dayaram’s intentions. One day when Kalidas asks Were you aware that my mother had gone over to your place to scout for you as my bride? Ambika is dumb struck. Dayaram weaves Ambika baskets to take the pigeons to the market. He ensures Kalidas accompanies her. Dusk falls. The pigeons remain unsold. Ambika does not disagree to Kalidas’s proposal to buy the pigeons for a meal in her household. The flickers of the market lamps light up her face.
Windom's Way	British	drama	Ronald Neame	Dr Alec Windom is a British doctor who works in a village in Malaya. He is visited by his estranged wife Lee.
Al-Go'a (The Hunger)	Egyptian	drama	Ali Badrakhan	The movie, based upon the novel of the same name by Naguib Mahfouz, examines the social conditions of Cairenes during the first decade of the twentieth century. In doing so, both the movie and novel deal extensively with the themes of poverty and death.
Thartharah fawqa al-Nīl (Adrift on the Nile)	Egyptian	drama	Hussein Kamal	The film addresses the decadence of Egyptian society during the Gamal Abdel Nasser era. It tells the story of a simple Egyptian civil servant, Anis (played by Emad Hamdi), who cannot tolerate the hypocrisy of the Egyptian government (for whom he works at the Ministry of Health) and the illiteracy of the Egyptian public and decides to hide from all the problems in the country by taking up smoking hashish in a shisha, a popular smoking habit in Egypt, to escape from reality. Anis (who used to work as a teacher) meets with an old student, Ragab (actor Ahmed Ramzy), by chance. Ragab invites him to the small boat in the Nile. And Anis discovers soon enough that he is not the only person who smokes shisha but a bunch of other elite, middle class and low class people are all on the boat. He soon discovers that everyone is smoking to forget the reality and hypocrisy of Egyptian life.
Listen to Me	American	drama	Douglas Day Stewart	Listen to Me centers around a group of college students who are members of the debate team at fictional Kenmont College. The two main characters, Tucker Muldowney (Cameron) and Monica Tomanski (Gertz), come from underprivileged backgrounds, having won scholarships to Kenmont for displaying exceptional talent for debating. Both students are taken under the wing of the debate team coach, Charlie Nichols (Scheider), who was a star debater in his youth. The team eventually wins a chance to debate the issue of abortion in front of the Supreme Court. Along the way, the students learn lessons about life, love, friendship, and politics.
Abhinetri	Bollywood	drama	Subodh Mukherjee	A chance meeting between an Assistant Scientist, Shekar, and an established stage dancer and singer, Anjana, results in love. While Shekar has a mother who lives separately, Anjana has been orphaned at an early age. Shekar's mom approves of Anjana, and both get married. Anjana stops her involvement in dancing and singing, and both spent the next several months in relative harmony. Then Anjana finds that Shekar is spending more and more time in the laboratory than with her, and she decides to take up dancing and singing, which does not augur well with Shekar. Arguments ensue, and both decide to live separately. When Shekar's mom comes to visit Shekar, both he and Anjana compromise to live together. This they thought would provide releif to their mother in her old age. Living together they discover the missing spice in their wedlock.
Up the Junction	British	drama	Peter Collinson	Wealthy young heiress Polly Dean (Suzy Kendall) gives up a privileged life in Chelsea and moves to a working-class community in Battersea, where she takes a job in a confectionery factory in an attempt to distance herself from her moneyed upbringing and make her own living. She becomes friends with two working-class sisters, Sylvie (Maureen Lipman) and Rube (Adrienne Posta). Rube becomes pregnant and has a traumatic illegal abortion. Tragedy then strikes when Rube's boyfriend Terry (Michael Gothard) is killed in a motorcycle accident. Meanwhile, Polly begins a relationship with a working-class boy named Pete (Dennis Waterman). Pete envies Polly's access to an easy life, and is frustrated by her rejection of the upper-class lifestyle. Pete and Polly's relationship ends in turmoil when Pete, after stealing a car in an attempt to woo Polly, is caught and sentenced to a prison term.
South Central	American	drama	Stephen Milburn Anderson	Bobby Johnson is a young black gang member of Hoover Street Deuces, or simply Deuce. He gets paroled from the Youth Authority and he meets up with his best friend/fellow gang member Ray Ray, Loco and Bear. As it turns out, Bobby's girlfriend Carole gave birth to his son Jimmy while he was incarcerated. The Deuce gang goes out to a club owned by rival drug dealer Genie Lamp to celebrate Bobby's release, but Genie confronts them and threats are exchanged. As Bobby and Jimmy attempt to return home from the party, they are approached by Genie Lamp and his bodyguard. The two force Bobby to come to Genie's apartment and snort a line of what he thought was cocaine, but is actually heroin. Genie threatens Bobby and the Deuce gang while he is incapacitated. Bobby returns home the next morning to find that Genie has given some of the same heroin to Carole and flies into a fit of rage. Bobby informs Ray Ray and the Deuce gang makes plans to execute Genie Lamp. They grab Genie in an abandoned warehouse. Despite Genie's pleas for forgiveness, Bobby carries out the execution by firing a gun through a potato into Genie's heart, and the gang flees the area as they hear the police sirens approaching. Later that evening, Ray Ray gives Bobby his heart, a small tattoo below the left eyelid which is a symbol of full initiation into the Deuce gang and can only be earned by killing an enemy. Later, Bobby comes homes panicking over police looking for him and tells Carole to pack her things and they gotta move. Some time later, Bobby and Carole are in hiding from the police who are pursuing Genie's murderers. Bobby looks out the window and Ken Dog, another Deuce gang member, pulls up with Loco in a brand new convertible. Ken Dog and Loco solicit the services of a prostitute who turns out to be an undercover cop and arrests them. The guys are taken to jail and Bobby is questioned by a detective for the murder of Genie Lamp. Bobby refuses to cooperate despite overwhelming evidence against him and the police allow him to see his son one last time. Bobby gets a ten-year prison sentence for the murder he committed. Nearly ten years later, Jimmy is now with the Deuce gang, and meets with Ray Ray. Ray Ray informs Jimmy that he wants him to start stealing car stereos for him and Ray Ray will pay him for the stolen goods. Ray Ray then gives Jimmy some money and a marijuana joint. The next scene switches over to Bobby who is in prison lifting weights, and defending his gangster pal, Loco, from a white supremacist-Aryan gang he is indebted over cigarettes with. Because of his interference, the Aryan gang puts a price on Bobby's head, as he inherits Loco's debt. Over time, the film shows Jimmy stealing car stereos and selling them to Ray Ray for $20.00 a piece. While stealing one night, Jimmy is caught by Willie Manchester, the owner of the car, and is shot in the back. He is taken to a hospital where he fights for his life. When the news of this reaches Bobby in prison, he leaves the Deuce gang immediately. But not without revenge from the Aryan gang, due to his inherited debt. The Aryan gang eventually captures, assaults and attempts to rape Bobby, only to be interfered by a prison Muslim group, led by Ali. Ali agrees to pay Bobby's debt (with interest) to the Aryans, with Bobby joining Muslim group in exchange. After months of rehabilitation and mentoring, Ali encourages Bobby to get an education and to go straight when he gets out of prison in order to be a better father to his child (it is revealed during these conversations that Ali is serving a life sentence without parole for murder, and wishes Bobby not to follow in his footsteps). Ali and his associates even remove the Deuce heart from Bobby's face. Meanwhile, Jimmy recovers from his gunshot wounds, but is taken to a boys home for the crime he committed because the court has declared Carole an unfit mother. Bobby is released from prison and goes to the boys home to visit Jimmy. Jimmy is thrilled to meet him and the two begin to talk, but Jimmy is shocked that his father has denounced the Deuce gang and will not seek revenge against Willie Manchester for shooting him. Jimmy leaves the room in anger and insults Bobby for not being the proud Deuce gang leader that Jimmy thought his father would be. Sometime later, Bobby goes to visit Ray Ray. Ray Ray is initially happy to see Bobby saying the Deuce gang owes him ten years of their lives for the time he served in prison. However, Bobby is shocked to find Jimmy has run away from the boys home and Manchester has been taken hostage. Despite Manchester explaining his actions and begging for forgiveness, Ray Ray gives Jimmy a gun and instructs him to kill Manchester in revenge so he can get his heart just like his father did. Bobby tries to intervene but is subdued by Bear. Bobby eventually overpowers Bear, takes his gun, and steps in front of Manchester threatening to kill Ray Ray if this goes any further. He then tells Jimmy that committing a crime against a man can be rectified, but killing a man can't. He tells Ray Ray that the gang owes him ten years and can repay him by giving him back his son. Then he can give his son what the both of them (Bobby and Ray Ray) never had, a father. Bobby sees sad expressions on both Jimmy and Ray Ray's faces as everyone lowers their guns. Ray Ray realizes that he and Bobby both know what's best for Jimmy and lets the boy go, in addition to sparing Manchester. Bobby tells Jimmy that eventually the court will let him come home and they will start their lives anew. Touched by Bobby's love for Jimmy, Ray Ray looks on as the Johnsons leave the warehouse.
Beneath Hill 60	Australian	drama	Jeremy Sims	As seen in flashbacks that occur throughout the film, Oliver Woodward is an Australian miner supplying copper for the war effort. He falls in love with Marjorie Waddell, a young woman ten years his junior. However, he is under constant pressure to enlist, especially from Waddell's father. He has the opportunity to do so when the British Army forms the 1st Australian Tunnelling Company to supplement the Royal Engineers; Woodward is commissioned to lead the unit. On the Western Front, Woodward meets Frank Tiffin, a young Australian soldier who is suffering from shell shock. Woodward reassigns Tom Dwyer and Norman Morris to relieve Tiffin. Two German tunnelers break through into the tunnel. Morris and Dwyer dispatch both of them, but Dwyer is killed when a German explosive goes off, bringing down the tunnel on top of them; Morris is rescued by the other sappers. Woodward is later tasked with destroying the Red House, a fortified German position raining enfilade fire down upon the frontmost section of the British trenches. Although Woodward initially proposed tunneling beneath the Red House, his commanding officer, Colonel Wilson Rutledge, insisted that it be done by dawn. Along with Corporal Bill Fraser and Morris, Woodward crosses No Man's Land. They manage to reach the Red House and plant explosives underneath it. However, as they make their way back to the British lines, they discover that the reel of cable is too short, so Morris runs ahead to retrieve the exploder. While they wait, they discover mortally wounded Lieutenant Robert Clayton, who had been ordered to cut a gap in the wire obstacle for them. Morris arrives with the exploder and they destroy the Red House. The next day, after a friendly game of rugby league against some British soldiers, Woodward is promoted to captain and he subsequently promotes Fraser to Sergeant, he later receives word that they are to be moved up the lines to the Ypres Salient. Upon their arrival, Tiffin, Walter Sneddon and Billy Bacon are separated from the rest of the battalion and pinned down by German machine gun fire. Bacon, being the fastest runner, volunteers to distract the Germans while the others make a run for the British lines. Although Tiffin and Walter succeed, Bacon is killed mere inches from safety. The unit continues on to Hill 60. During an inspection, it is revealed that the Canadian Engineers have been tunneling deep below the Messines Ridge for months, planting a million pounds of ammonium nitrate in the form of 21 massive mines. Woodward is tasked with maintaining the tunnels as the British military buildup begins; they hope to kill as many German troops as possible. To this end, he constructs an enormous shaft to keep the water table from inundating the explosives. He also digs multiple diversion tunnels to throw the Germans off. Jim Sneddon (Walter's Dad), is buried in one such tunnel when he is ordered into it by Colonel Rutledge, despite reporting that the Germans would likely be setting off the explosives soon. The Germans eventually catch on to their plan and dig toward the main tunnel. An attack tunnel is dug in response, and the Australians successfully destroy the exploratory shaft with minutes to spare. However, the charge that was used weakens the clay and a portion of the tunnel collapses, trapping Tiffin. His compatriots race to stall the detonation of the mines, but the schedule cannot be delayed on account of one man. Woodward detonates two of the mines fired at the start of the Battle of Messines. Woodward returns to Australia and the surviving members of the unit gather for his wedding with Marjorie.
The Bofors Gun	British	drama	Jack Gold	West Germany, 1954. Lance Bombardier Evans, a sheltered middle-class National Serviceman, is about to be sent back to England to undertake a second attempt at officer training. But first he has to get through one night of guard duty without incident. Evans is in charge of a section of six men detailed to guard an obsolete Bofors Gun at a British military base. It soon becomes clear that none of the section, with the exception of Flynn, have any respect for Evans, guessing rightly that the latter has no enthusiasm and little ability in his role. Gunner O'Rourke in particular is troublesome and insubordinate, his contempt for Evans spurring him to test the authority and patience of the weak-willed non-commissioned officer (NCO). Evan's fumbling attempts to engage him in friendly conversation only makes matters worse. The atmosphere grows more tense and O'Rourke strikes one of the other men, Rowe and then dares Evans to place him on a disciplinary charge but the NCO is too nervously intimidated to do so. O'Rourke and his sidekick Featherstone insist on being allowed to go to the NAAFI to buy cigarettes and Evans ill-advisedly lets them go. O'Rourke confides to Featherstone that at midnight it will be his 30th birthday and the two decide to go the canteen and start drinking, knowing full well it is forbidden whilst on guard duty. O'Rourke, having endured a grim childhood and the harsh, unjust punishments of the army for all his adult life, is at breaking point. Drunk and unstable, he tries to kill himself by jumping out of an upper story window but only suffers minor injuries. Evans refuses to report the incident but not out of any genuine concern for O'Rourke but rather out of fear that it impact on his chances of becoming an officer. Sgt Walker, a much stronger NCO, arrives on a visit only to find Evans has apparently lost control of his section. Walker, aware of Evans' lack of experience, is prepared to turn a blind eye to the mess provided Evans disciplines O'Rourke. Evans refuses, prompting Walker to warn him that when he returns, he will bring the duty officer with him and that Evans had better have his section back in order. An exasperated Flynn tries to convince Evans that he needs to exert some authority and that his attempts to win O'Rourke over by being lenient will not work. O'Rourke and Featherstone, drunk and disheveled, finally return. Ignoring Flynn's advice to report them, Evans is still convinced he can retrieve the situation himself and he puts O'Rourke on guard duty. Walker and Lieutenant Pickering arrive for the nightly inspection when Evans is checking on O'Rourke, still trying to talk him round. O'Rourke angrily accuses Evans of caring more about his own chances of becoming an officer than he does about the welfare of his own men. Evans admits that this is true, saying that becoming an officer represents his only chance of going home. O'Rourke threatens to attempt suicide again but Evans is too pre-occupied with his own problems to really hear him. Walker orders the section to assemble for inspection and Evans goes back to the guard hut only to be ordered to fetch O'Rourke. He goes back to the Bofors Gun only to discover that O'Rourke has stripped to the waist and fatally stabbed himself in the abdomen with a bayonet. Evans angrily kicks O'Rourke's corpse, knowing that his chances of going back to England are ruined. Walker and Lt Pickering arrive and Evans, now destined to spend the rest of his service in the ranks, has to face the full force of military punishment.
The Summer Is Gone	Chinese	drama	Zhang Dalei	The film follows the story of a 12-year-old boy (Kong Weiyi) living in China's Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region.[3]
29th Street	American	drama	George Gallo	In 1976, Frank Pesce Jr. (LaPaglia) is a lucky man. His father, Frank Sr. (Aiello), is, however, very unlucky. One day, Frank Jr. buys a lottery ticket and finds that he has a good chance of winning. But Frank Sr. has some gambling debts to the mob and they are willing to take Frank Jr.'s ticket. Frank must decide what to do with the ticket.
Brainscan	American	drama	John Flynn	A lonely boy named Michael Brower (Edward Furlong) lives an isolated existence in his absent father's mansion. Michael's mother was killed in a car accident, which also permanently injured his leg. He spends his spare time stalking his crush, a typical girl-next-door named Kimberly. A huge fan of horror films and video games, Michael's only friend is a similar-minded misfit named Kyle. Kyle tells Michael about a new, ultra-realistic game called Brainscan. Intrigued, Michael sends away for the first disc. The game begins strangely, with a warning screen informing him that the experience has much in common with hypnotic suggestion. During his first experience with the game, Michael is encouraged to act as a psychopathic murderer by the game's host, an entity known as Trickster. In-game, Michael murders a stranger and takes his foot as a trophy. Later, he is horrified to discover that his victim in the game was a real person, and that the same murder also happened in the real world. Kyle begs Michael to let him play the game, and Michael angrily rebuffs him. Later Michael is tormented by Trickster, who exits the game and plays a song by the musical group Primus in Michael's bedroom. Because he is a possible witness to the earlier murder, Trickster tells Michael he must kill Kyle, which he eventually does in-game. Michael doesn't remember Kyle's murder and calls his house. The phone is answered by a policeman, Detective Hayden (Frank Langella). Michael becomes paranoid that he will be sent to jail. He is also continually annoyed by the presence of Trickster, who refuses to leave his home. Trickster ultimately instructs him to kill Kimberly. At nightfall Michael sneaks into her room, but refuses to hurt her. Trickster reveals that he is actually the evil part of Michael. He possesses Michael, the struggle of which wakes Kimberly. Kimberly tells Michael that she loves him, which allows him to break free from his own inner darkness. At the last minute, the Trickster materializes and opens the bedroom door. Detective Hayden enters and shoots Michael dead. Michael awakens in his room. He discovers that the whole experience was a fantasy. After a short tantrum, ranting at the game for his traumatic experiences, he excitedly realizes that Kyle is still alive and that nothing in the game happened in the real world. He goes over to Kimberly's and asks her out, which she replies with maybe before giving him a kiss. The next day, Michael brings the Brainscan disc to school to show as part of a horror movie marathon. Unexpectedly, Trickster appears before the disc begins to play.
Victory	British	drama	Mark Peploe	Through a business misadventure, the European Axel Heyst (Willem Dafoe) ends up living on an island in what is now Indonesia with a Chinese assistant Wang (Ho Li). Heyst visits a nearby island where a female band is playing at a hotel owned by Mr. Schomberg. Schomberg attempts to force himself sexually on one of the band members, Alma (Irène Jacob). Alma is about to be sold to Schomberg by the corrupt leader/director of the band who has enslaved the women for prostitution. She begs Heyst to help her. Having sworn off close relationships because of his past, he is challenged by her request, but agrees to help her. He escapes from the island with Alma, and they go back to his island and eventually become lovers. Schomberg seeks revenge by attempting to frame Heyst for the murder of a man who had died of natural causes and later by sending three desperadoes Pedro, Martin Ricardo (Rufus Sewell), and Mr. Jones (Sam Neill) to Heyst's island with a lie about treasure hidden on the island. Upon their arrival at the island, much intrigue ensues. In a climactic scene, Jones kills Pedro and then Ricardo; Alma is also shot and dies in the arms of Axel. After burning his compound and burying Alma, Axel disappears from the island but is rumored to have later been seen as a drifter in San Francisco and other ports of call. Alma's victory, in death, is having saved Axel's life in that he has again made connections with others.
The Barretts of Wimpole Street	British	drama	Sidney Franklin	Elizabeth Barrett (Jennifer Jones) is the disabled grown-up daughter of Edward Moulton-Barrett (John Gielgud) of Wimpole Street, and has an intense interest in poetry. However, she lives under the obsessive rule of her father, and this severely limits her ability to develop her love of rhyme amongst her peers. Edward in fact shows clear incestuous tendencies towards her, and discourages close contact with any males. When the poet Robert Browning (Bill Travers) enters her life, though, matters are brought to a head, through the intervention of Browning. Edward finds that his control over Elizabeth, and her younger sister Henrietta (Virginia McKenna), is far from complete.[2]
The Ploughman's Lunch	British	drama	Richard Eyre	James Penfield (Pryce) is an ambitious London-based BBC radio reporter, from humble origins but Oxford-educated. He is commissioned to write a book on the Suez Crisis and undertakes this commission, claiming not to be a socialist, at the same time as the 1982 Falklands War is starting to dominate the British media. This is a backdrop to his attraction towards Susan Barrington (Charlie Dore), an upper class, rather snooty TV journalist, to whom he is introduced through his close Oxford friend and fellow TV journalist, Jeremy Hancock (Tim Curry). Although he is persistent, he cannot get further than a late night kiss from her and so Jeremy suggests that he contact her mother, a prominent left-wing historian Ann Barrington (Harris) living in Norfolk, and married to advertising film director Matthew Fox (Frank Finlay). It transpires that Ann wrote an article on the Suez Crisis on its tenth anniversary and James wants to seduce the daughter by befriending the mother. Claiming to be a socialist, James soon finds himself spending more time with the mother than her daughter; they have several long discussions and also take long walks on the Norfolk Broads. Meanwhile, his mother is dying, and having earlier said to Susan that his parents are dead, he is forced to identify her only as a relative when his father contacts him while he is with Ann. Returning to London, he is forced to ask for help from members of a women's peace camp for a jack after suffering a puncture. Initially mistaken for another BBC man, he shows some feigned sympathy towards the group protesting against the use of force outside a Norfolk airbase. Visiting Norfolk again a week later with an uninterested Susan, James walks alone with Ann Barrington who kisses him and later enters his bedroom and has sex with him. Caught up in this love triangle, James returns to his work in London. Over a beer and pub ploughman's lunch with Matthew Fox, Fox consents to James making love to his wife, given that they have slept in separate beds for the last three years. James refuses to take calls from the mother when she attempts to contact him at the BBC. He finally gets another Oxford friend and up and coming young poet to make a call to her ending the relationship, while he sits idly by reading advertisements in Exchange and Mart. James, Jeremy and Susan cover the 1982 Conservative Party Conference and travel down to Brighton together in James' Jaguar. It is at the start of the conference that James first starts to get an inkling of something going on between the other two and directly asks Jeremy if he is up to something. Later, during the conference, he attempts to talk to Susan but she brushes him off and he then sees them caressing each other, having obviously returned from their hotel room. The Conference finishes with Thatcher's closing address as she rouses popular support following the Falklands War and afterwards James confronts his friend in the Brighton Centre conference hall, calling him a shit for having betrayed him; he in turn is told by Jeremy that he has known Susan for fifteen years and that they are 'old allies'. The film ends with James having a conversation with his publisher about the success of his first book. The closing scene is of James attending his mother's funeral, standing grim-faced and aloof at his father's side, as he impatiently checks his watch.
Underneath	American	drama	Steven Soderbergh	Michael Chambers returns home to celebrate his mother's remarriage. Michael had fled his hometown due to gambling indiscretions and had left his wife Rachel to deal with the mess he created. He must now reassimilate into the town, renew his relationships with his family and friends (and enemies) and, most of all, seek out his ex-wife to woo her again. Michael obtains a job working for his mother's new husband as an armored car driver. He almost seems the perfect prodigal son as he finds his niche back in the community and his way back into his ex-wife's heart. His troubles increase when he and Rachel are caught in the act by her hoodlum boyfriend, Dundee. To get out of this predicament, Michael must concoct a plan to steal a payroll being transported by his armored car company.
Original Gangstas	American	drama	Larry Cohen	The movie opens to a narration detailing the poor economic state of a gang-ridden Gary. The narrator explains to the audience of how the city came into such a state. After the opening narrative, the scene switches to the base of operations for the Rebels, a local street gang, and a one-on-one basketball game between a Rebel gang member and a local boy named Kenny Thompson. Kenny humiliates the Rebel by winning and taking the gambled winnings for his own. After he leaves, Spyro, the current co-leader of the Rebels (opposite Damien) is under the impression that Kenny's skills are something more than something he picked up. He instructs his lieutenant, Kayo, to exact retribution on Kenny for being hustled. While Kenny and his friend Marcus are relaxing at a diner, Kenny decides to call his girlfriend. He enters a phone booth to make the call, but is subsequently shot by Kayo in a drive-by shooting; his mother, Laurie Thompson, alarmed by the gunshots, steps outside her home to discover her son murdered. The owners of the grocery store, Marvin Bookman and Gracie Bookman, two well-respected members of the community by both the Rebels and local citizens, feels that justice should be brought to Kenny's murderer and discloses the license plate number of the shooter's vehicle. When the Rebels discover this, Spyro orders Kayo to dispose of the vehicle. Kayo and the Rebels then proceed to confront Marvin about his assistance to the investigators of Kenny's death; Marvin argues that Kenny was a good person and did not deserve to be shot. The co-leaders of the Rebels describe how they respected the Bookmans' store and, while others around it were robbed and ransacked, their store was left alone; the fact that Marvin would sell them out expresses a high amount of disrespect to the Rebels, who then immediately seek revenge on Marvin. Eventually, Kayo and Bobby, with a group of fellow Rebels, attacks the grocery store, resulting in the near-fatal shooting of Marvin by Bobby. The attack on Marvin's life prompts his son, pro football coach and ex-Rebel John Bookman, to return to the impoverished Gary neighborhood to find Bobby the shooter. After seeing his father, John goes to save his father's shop and kicked all the Rebels fellows out of there. Then he goes to a local barbershop, where Kayo eventually turns up; trouble immediately brews, and John and the gang members fight. John has the upper hand, but is overpowered. Jake Trevor, another original Rebel, enters the fray and saves John. After the fight, the two converse, and it is revealed that Jake is here to bury his illegitimate son, Kenny Thompson. Jake goes to visit Slick,who reveals to Jake that his son was killed because he hustled the Rebels; Jake is astounded and enraged that his son was killed over money. The next day, John and Jake attend Kenny's funeral, where a distraught Laurie Thompson is reunited with her ex-husband. While talking, Laurie implores Jake to reconsider seeking vengeance upon his son's murderers, expressing her disdain by stating that he always wishes to resolve such issues by fighting, which only makes things worse. John tells Jake that he has a meeting with the Rebels at the church that makes Jake and Laurie disappointed at him. Jake confronts Spyro at the basketball court about Kenny Thompson. After failed treaty negotiations at the church and the rising of neighborhood gang violence, the other gangs, The Diablos and The Rangers, have a meeting with Spyro, Damien and The Rebels about Kenny Thompson. At the Rebels party, John and Jake drove Spyro and Damien's car into The Diablo's territory and shoot at them to set The Rebels up to break the truce. The Rebels set the community houses on fire as retaliation with molotov cocktails. All of the original Rebels - John Bookman, Laurie, Jake, Slick and Bubba - with the help of Kenny's friend Marcus, decide to take justice into their own hands and attack the Rebels. They devise a plan to lose a trunk of weapons to the Rebels; when the Rebels tried to use said weapons, the guns malfunctioned and exploded in their faces, stunning many Rebels. In another area, Rebels are attempting to escape the battle, but are stopped by a group of community members, armed with bats and other improvised weapons. Eventually, Spyro and Damien fear they may lose the fight, and escape to the old steel mill; Jake and John follow. After an intense hand-to-hand fight between Jake and Spyro, Spyro is killed. After Spyro is taken down by Jake, the leader of a rival gang The Diablos, Blood, along with a few cohorts, shoots a battered Damien; the leadership of the Rebels is destroyed.
Soursweet	British	drama	Mike Newell	The story, set in the 1960s, is a comedy drama about a young Hong Kong Chinese couple who emigrate to England and start a family. Initially Chen works long hours in a Chinese restaurant while his wife Lily looks after their baby, dreaming of the day when they can open their own business. When Chen becomes indebted to Triads through gambling he decides it is time for his family to go at it alone.
The Power of One	American	drama	John G. Avildsen	Born in 1930 to a recently widowed Englishwoman on a homestead in rural Natal, little Peter Philip (Guy Witcher) is schooled in the ways of England by his mother and the ways of Africa by a Zulu nanny (Nomadlozi Kubheka), whose son Tonderai is also his best friend. Their easy life is forever shattered, however, when the farm's cattle are claimed by rinderpest. PK's mother succumbs to a nervous breakdown, and he is sent away to a conservative Afrikaans boarding school while she recovers. Being the only English speaker, PK soon earns almost universal contempt from his scathing Afrikaner fellows—particularly an older student, Jaapie Botha. Botha's abuse and his inferiority complex strikes PK with a severe case of nocturnal enuresis, a habit which he eventually overcomes with local sangoma Dabula Manzi. In conquering his nightmares, PK is given a chicken (Mother Courage), which becomes his closest companion. Botha subsequently captures PK and Mother Courage and has them tried before a mock court while elaborating on the depth of his hatred for the British—a people he holds responsible for atrocities committed during the Second Boer War. The Afrikaans boys hang Mother Courage and kill her with a rock. When PK physically retaliates against Botha, they attempt to execute him in a similar manner but are interrupted by a teacher who later oversees Botha's expulsion. With his mother dying, PK finds himself living with his grandfather in Barberton. He eventually seeks a mentor in Karl Doc von Vollensteen (Armin Mueller-Stahl), a lonely German musician who lost his family in Europe. Doc warms to PK and under his guidance the latter soon becomes an excellent pianist. He is interned as an enemy alien at the onset of World War II, but PK continues to visit him regularly in prison. Doc introduces the boy to Geel Piet (Morgan Freeman), a Cape Coloured inmate who takes von Vollensteen's place as PK's mentor, training him to be an excellent boxer. Piet also impresses on PK his mantra: first with the head, then with the heart, a phrase that will see the young man through even greater hard times ahead. A maturing PK (Simon Fenton) begins to express sympathy towards black prisoners, who are detained under appalling conditions. He works with Doc to distribute contraband among the Africans, writing their letters to home, and sharing their many sufferings. The war does not end happily for PK, as Doc is repatriated and Piet—seriously injured by a white warder—fails to survive his sentence. PK is sent away again, this time to study at the prestigious Prince of Wales School in Johannesburg. While attending a boxing championship, he is enamoured by Maria Marais, daughter of a leading National Party official. Since her strict father will not permit them to see each other openly, they begin dating in secret. On one such outing they are introduced to Gideon Duma, a prominent boxer in Alexandra, a notorious black township. Duma's passion for resisting apartheid inspires PK, and he begins teaching English at a rural African school. Maria's father, incensed by the couple's ongoing relationship and PK's ties to a multiracial gym, leads him to request a formal investigation by one of his South African Police contacts, Colonel Breyten. Breyten and his sergeant, an embittered Jaapie Botha, place PK under surveillance for subversion. His clashes with the SAP finally come to a head when Maria is killed during a raid on a biracial church by the security forces. Maddened by grief, PK considers fleeing to England, but is consoled by his former boxing partner, who reminds him of all the good he can still do in Africa. Botha leads a violent raid on Alexandra the following night. He threatens to shoot Elias Mlungisi, the local boxing promoter, only to be confronted by PK. They spar; PK easily bests his childhood enemy. Botha is still bent on executing the erstwhile victor, but an arriving Gideon Duma dispatches the policeman with a cricket bat before he can fire and fractures his skull. Now fugitives from the apartheid government, PK and Duma vow to continue a campaign against racial injustice. Peter's closing narration identifies meaningful voices during his life; from mother and nanny, to Doc and Dabula Manzi, Geel Piet and, finally, Maria Marais.
Merry-Go-Round	Turkish	drama	İlksen Başarır	Erdem and Sevil live in a small town with their two kids, Edip and Sevgi, until they are forced to move to Istanbul to look after Sevil’s mother who has become paralyzed. Ten years later, Edip is away at boarding school, disconnected from family life. Erdem still has the same dream: to become a successful writer... Noticing that her daughter has suddenly become withdrawn and unhappy, Sevil begins to question some of what is going on at home, and discovers a secret behind closed doors. Erdem’s death in a traffic accident will reveal further secrets within the family. Each member of this small family is faced with truths that they will have to bear on their own for the rest of their lives.
Hare Rama Hare Krishna	Bollywood	drama	Dev Anand	In the background of the rise of the International Hare Krishna movement in the 1970s, is a Montreal-based family of the Jaiswals, consisting of mom, dad, son, Prashant, and daughter, Jasbir. Due to differences, Mr and Mrs Jaiswal separate, leaving Jasbir with dad, and Prashant with his mom. Eventually Prashant and his mom travel to India, leaving father and daughter behind in Montreal. Mr. Jaiswal remarries, and brings his new wife to live in his home. Jasbir is told by her nanny that her mother & brother are dead. Back in India Prashant is sent to a boarding school and his father makes sure that none of Prashant's letters reach Jasbir, so that it would be easy on her part to get over emotional trauma. Jasbir is upset with her inconsiderate step-mother and ignorant father who is deeply immersed in his business. Years later, Prashant has grown up to be a pilot. He has received a letter from his dad that Jasbir, who had rebelled and left home, is now located in Kathmandu, Nepal, with a group of hippies. Prashant decides to find his sister and hopefully get her back to the family. When Prashant lands in Kathmandu he does not find Jasbir, but instead finds Janice, who is indeed his sister with a new name. Janice has no recollection of her childhood, and is always in the company of hippies spending most of her time consuming alcohol & drugs with them. Janice lives with the hippies in the property rented out by local landlord Drona. Drona's real business is stealing ancient artifacts from Kathmandu and selling it to foreign nationals. Michael, one of the hippies, is the one who does all the dirty work for him. Janice's boyfriend Deepak misunderstands that Prashant is trying to woo Janice, hence they exchange a few blows every time they meet. Meanwhile, Drona has an eye on Shanti, a local salesgirl working in one of the shops owned by him. Shanti has feelings for Prashant which creates one more enemy for him. Later Prashant and Shanti elope and get married. At the same time a precious idol is stolen from local temple by Michael, which he hides in Janice's house. Prashant secretly observes all this. Drona tries to frame Shanti for theft by secretly planting another stolen artifact in her house. Later he spreads the word that since the day Prashant has arrived idols are being stolen and he is stalking local girls. The police commissioner is a friend of Prashant's father, and has already received a letter stating the purpose of Prashant's visit to Kathmandu. He suspects that Drona is trying to frame Prashant because he has married Shanti. He gets a search warrant for the entire property of Drona and recovers a diary which has contact details of his friends abroad who help him sell the stolen artifacts. The police also recover the stolen artifact from Shanti's home, squarely blaming Prashant for it. Shanti is deeply hurt by this and looks around for Prashant. Prashant meanwhile is with Janice, trying to convince her that he is her brother, who she had been told dead long back. Michael overhears the conversation & conspires to put the blame on the brother-sister duo. Taking advantage of the situation Drona and Michael instigate the locals against Prashant by framing him for the theft and duping Shanti under pretext of marriage. The hippies and the locals are now ready to bash Prashant the moment they come across him. When Prashant again tries to meet Janice, the hippies give him a solid thrashing. The police commissioner intervenes and Prashant is saved. At the same time the true face of Drona is uncovered and he meets his end trying to run away from police. Janice sees that both her parents have arrived to meet her and realizes that Prashant is indeed her brother. Janice is deeply hurt that her parents had to see her in this state. She runs away from them and commits suicide. In her suicide note she tells Prashant how deeply she loved him and she never intended him to find her in this state and suicide was the only way out for her.
Shadowlands	British	drama	Richard Attenborough	In the 1950s, the reserved, middle-aged bachelor C. S. Lewis is an Oxford University academic at Magdalen College and author of The Chronicles of Narnia series of children's books. He meets the married American poet Joy Davidman Gresham and her young son Douglas on their visit to England, not yet knowing the circumstances of Gresham's troubled marriage. What begins as a formal meeting of two very different minds slowly develops into a feeling of connection and love. Lewis finds his quiet life with his brother Warnie disrupted by the outspoken Gresham, whose uninhibited behaviour sharply contrast against the rigid sensibilities of the male-dominated university. Each provides the other with new ways of viewing the world. Initially their marriage is one of convenience, a platonic union designed to allow Gresham to remain in England. But when she is diagnosed with cancer, deeper feelings surface, and Lewis' faith is tested as his wife tries to prepare him for her imminent death.
No Time for Tears	British	drama	Cyril Frankel	The interwoven dramas of staff and patients in Mayfield Children's Hospital, where the doctors and nurses are in the business of restoring children's lives. One small child risks losing his sight, while twin boys fool the doctors over which one has appendicitis. Meanwhile, behind the scenes, new nurse Margaret Collier (Sylvia Syms) suffers pangs of unrequited love for houseman Dr. Nigel Barnes (George Baker).
Conflict of Wings	British	drama	John Eldridge	A small Norfolk village is outraged when it is discovered that the (fictional) Ministry of Land Acquisition proposes to take over the nearby Island of Children, a bird sanctuary, for the RAF to use as an air firing range. A struggle of wills begins between the authorities and the villagers, who resort to a variety of ways to prevent damage to the historic island. Harry Tilney is all for taking on the Government, but Sally has a boyfriend stationed at the nearby Royal Air Force base, Corporal Bill Morris, so she goes to see him first. Meanwhile, Squadron Leader Parsons is informed that his unit's mission is being changed to ground attack. The de Havilland Vampire jets have to be modified to mount rockets. Parsons is informed he will have three weeks for the conversion, then four weeks to get his men trained. His commanding officer is not at liberty to inform him that the unit will then be sent overseas, but he takes the hint. The land acquisition is assigned to bureaucrat Mr. Wentworth, which is rather awkward for him, as he is a prominent member of a bird watching society. He comes to discuss the situation with Harry, but Harry is drunk and drives him away. The villagers then learn that fishing rights to the area were granted to the people by Henry VIII. Soapy, the professional eel catcher, can squat on the land and use those rights to block the acquisition. However, Soapy receives a letter from the Government stating that there is no evidence that such rights exist. Bookie then discovers that the land was given to the Church by Henry VIII for assistance in quelling a rebellion. The villagers present this information to Parsons. He agrees to pass it along to the Government, but in the meantime he insists on continuing with the training. In desperation, the local people take to their boats and form a human shield around the island just before the first bombing run. However, the RAF controller cannot get a message through to have the flight cancelled because a field telephone wire has been accidentally broken, while cloud cover is concealing the site from the approaching aircraft. Fortunately, the protestors are spotted just in time to avoid a disaster. The official inquiry will take months or a year, by which time the unit will have been sent to Malaya.
Freeway	American	drama	Matthew Bright	Vanessa Lutz is a poor, illiterate, though not ignorant, teenage girl living south of Los Angeles. Her mother, Ramona, is arrested in a prostitution sting and her stepfather, Larry, is taken into custody on drug and child abuse charges. Social worker Mrs. Sheets comes to take Vanessa away, but Vanessa handcuffs her ankle to a bed and runs away. She takes her parents' run-down car and plans to go to her grandmother in Stockton. Along the way, Vanessa stops to see her boyfriend Chopper Wood, a local gang member, to tell him about her trip and he gives her a gun to sell upon arriving at her destination. Minutes after Vanessa leaves, Chopper is killed in a drive-by shooting by rival gang members. Later, Bob Wolverton, a counselor at a school for boys with emotional trouble, picks her up after her car breaks down and offers to take her as far as Los Angeles where he is headed. Over the long drive, Vanessa comes to trust Bob, and confesses to him the details of her painfully dysfunctional life, including being sexually abused by her stepfather. At one point, Vanessa shows Bob a photo she keeps in her wallet of her biological father. That evening, Bob reveals he is a serial killer of young girls – known in the press as the I-5 Killer. He tries to kill Vanessa when she refuses to give in to him. The tables are turned, however, as Vanessa eventually pulls out her gun and shoots him several times before escaping. She goes to a local restaurant where her blood-stained appearance attracts attention from the patrons and staff. After leaving the restaurant, Vanessa is quickly arrested and questioned by two police detectives, Mike Breer and Garnet Wallace, who write her off as a carjacker, even though she insists Bob had tried to kill her and had told her about his other murders. Bob has survived, but the bullet wounds have left him severely handicapped and disfigured. Vanessa is put on trial, with everyone believing that Bob is the innocent victim he claims to be since he has no criminal record, while Vanessa has a long record and is a veteran of juvenile homes. Vanessa goes to prison, while Bob and his socialite wife Mimi, who knows nothing of his crimes, are treated like heroes. Scared at first, Vanessa eventually makes friends in prison, including a heroin-addicted lesbian named Rhonda and a brutal Hispanic gang leader named Mesquita. Undaunted, Vanessa plots to escape and continue her journey to visit her grandmother. Remembering what her stepfather taught her about life in prison, Vanessa constructs a crude knife from a toothbrush as a weapon. The following evening, Vanessa and Mesquita are being transferred to a new maximum security prison. En route, Mesquita and Vanessa subdue and escape from the prison guards assigned to escort them, with Mesquita killing one. After their escape, Vanessa and Mesquita part ways as Mesquita goes off to be reunited with her gang, and Vanessa continues her journey to her grandmother's house. Meanwhile, detectives Breer and Wallace re-examine evidence found at the scene of Bob's shooting and begin to suspect that Vanessa was telling the truth. They then search Bob's home, where they find violent child pornography in the locked shed adjacent to the house. Confronted at last with what her husband really is, Mimi commits suicide. Arriving home at just that moment to find police cars outside his house, Bob panics and flees to Vanessa's grandmother's house. He finds the address to the grandmother's trailer park written on the back of a photograph Vanessa had on her. Posing as a prostitute, Vanessa steals a car from a prospective john and drives to her grandmother's house. Vanessa finds Bob in bed wearing her grandmother's nightgown and nightcap with the covers pulled up to his nose. Bob reveals himself and Vanessa sees her grandmother's body on the floor. A struggle ensues, culminating in Vanessa strangling Bob. Detectives Breer and Wallace arrive and approach the trailer with their guns drawn when they hear the commotion inside. Vanessa eventually exits the trailer exhausted after her struggle and the detectives enter to find Bob and Vanessa's grandmother both dead. Outside, Vanessa sits in a chair, near her breaking point, when she looks up and asks the detectives if they have a cigarette. They smile and Vanessa responds in kind.
Boom!	British	drama	Joseph Losey	Flora 'Sissy' Goforth (Taylor, in a part written for an older woman) is a terminally ill woman living with a coterie of servants in a large mansion on a secluded island. Into her life comes a mysterious man, Christopher Flanders, nicknamed Angelo Del Morte (played by then-husband Burton, in a part intended for a very young man). The mysterious man may or may not be The Angel of Death. The interaction between Goforth and Flanders forms the backbone of the plot, with both of the major characters voicing lines of dialogue that carry allegorical and Symbolist significance. Secondary characters chime in, such as the Witch of Capri (Coward). The movie mingles respect and contempt for human beings who, like Goforth, continue to deny their own death even as it draws closer and closer. It examines how these characters can enlist and redirect their fading erotic drive into the reinforcement of this denial.
Chowringhee	Bengali	drama	Pinaki Bhushan Mukherjee	The movie revolves around the experiences of the characters the author Shankar (played by Subhendu Chatterjee) meets while working at one of the largest and most reputed hotels of Kolkata, Hotel Shahjahan. At the end of the movie, most of the characters experience tragedy, in one form or another. The major characters Shankar encounters with are:
Butterfly Kiss	British	drama	Michael Winterbottom	Set on the bleak motorways of Lancashire, Butterfly Kiss tells the story of Eunice (Plummer), a bisexual serial killer, and Miriam (Reeves), a naive, innocent and lonely young girl who falls under her spell. Miriam runs away from home and meets Eunice, and soon becomes her lover and accomplice. At a truck stop, Eunice first offers the unwilling Miriam to a trucker for sex, then rescues her in mid-rape by murdering the driver. When the hitchhiking duo are picked up by another licentious man, Miriam returns to their motel room to find Eunice and their benefactor having rough sex in the shower. Mistaking the consensual sex for the rape from which Eunice earlier rescued her, Miriam returns the favor by beating their benefactor to death with the hand-held showerhead, to Eunice's delight. Eunice finally brings Miriam to the ocean, where she makes Miriam kill her.
Master and Man	British	drama	George A. Cooper	A manager of a motor works is sacked for being too old, leading him into a bitter dispute with his former employer.
Hunting	Australian	drama	Frank Howson	An American tycoon, Michael Bergman, arrives in Melbourne and has an affair with Michelle, a married secretary.[3]
Door Gagan Ki Chhaon Mein	Bollywood	drama	Kishore Kumar	Shankar, a soldier, returns from war, only to find that his family has died in a fire, and the sole survivor is his infant son Ramu, left mute by the incident. When Shankar is attacked by the villainous Thakur's men, he is rescued by a woman named Meera, and they fall in love. This provokes further trouble from the Thakur whose son wants to marry Meera.
God's Clay	British	drama	Graham Cutts	A respectable woman's position in society is threatened by a blackmailer.
 Lion	Australian	drama	Garth Davis	In 1986, Saroo, a five-year-old boy, lives with his elder brother Guddu, his mother and his younger sister in Khandwa, India. Guddu and Saroo steal coal from freight trains to trade for milk and food. One day, Saroo follows his brother to a job and they arrive at a nearby train station, where Saroo decides to stay back and take a nap. Guddu tries to wake him up, but Saroo is too tired. When Guddu does not return, Saroo searches for him and boards a train presuming Guddu is aboard. He falls asleep again in one of the compartments, and wakes up to find the train in motion. After several days, it arrives in faraway Calcutta, where he does not understand the local Bengali language. He stands at a ticket counter and tries to obtain a ticket home, but the attendant does not recognise the name of his village, which Saroo says is Ginestalay.[4] He spends the night in the station with some streetchildren, but is then woken up and forced to run when a group of men try to kidnap them. Saroo continues to wander around the city before coming across Noor, a seemingly friendly woman who brings him back to her apartment. She tells Saroo that a man named Rama will help him find his way home. Saroo runs away, sensing that Noor and Rama have sinister intentions, and escapes Noor when she chases after him. After two months of living near the Howrah Bridge, Saroo is taken to the police by a young man. Unable to trace his family, they put him in an orphanage. Three months later, Saroo is introduced to Mrs. Sood, who tells him she has placed an advertisement about him in several local newspapers, but no one has responded. She then tells him that an Australian couple is interested in adopting him. She begins to teach Saroo English and he moves to Hobart, Tasmania in 1987, under the care of Sue and John Brierley, where he slowly starts to settle in. A year later, they adopt another boy, Mantosh, who has trouble adjusting to his new home and suffers from rage and self-harm. Twenty years later, Saroo, now a young man, moves to Melbourne to study hotel management. He starts a relationship with Lucy, an American student. During a meal with some Indian friends at their home, he comes across jalebi, a delicacy he remembers from his childhood. He confides that he is adopted, and his friends suggest he use Google Earth to search for his hometown in India. Saroo begins his search, but over time disconnects from Lucy, overwhelmed by the thought of emotions his family must have gone through when he was missing. Saroo visits Sue, whose health is deteriorating, and learns that she is not infertile, but had chosen to help others in need through adoption, believing that there were already too many people on Earth. Saroo spends a long time searching fruitlessly for his hometown. One evening, while scanning Google Earth, he notices the rock formations where his mother worked, and then finds the area where he lived: the Ganesh Talai neighbourhood of the Khandwa district. He finally tells his adoptive mother about his search, and she fully supports his efforts. Saroo returns to his hometown, and with the help of a local English speaker, has an emotional reunion with his biological mother and sister. He also learns that Guddu is dead, killed by a train the same night that they were separated at the station as children. Saroo's mother never gave up hope and believed that one day her missing son would return, and never moved away from the village. The film ends with captions about the real Saroo's return to India in February 2012. Photos of the real Australian family are shown, as well as footage of Saroo introducing Sue to his biological mother in India, who deeply appreciates Sue's care for her son. Saroo later learned that he had been mispronouncing his own name, which was actually Sheru, meaning lion.
Warm Nights on a Slow Moving Train	Australian	drama	Bob Ellis	Working as a prostitute on the weekend train to Sydney Jenny (Wendy Hughes) meets The Man (Colin Friels), who seduces her so that she will murder for him.
A Taste of Honey	British	drama	Tony Richardson	Jo (played by Rita Tushingham) is a 17-year-old Salford schoolgirl,[3] with a difficult, 40-year-old alcoholic mother, Helen (Dora Bryan). After sustaining a fall while walking past the dockyards after school, Jo meets a black sailor called Jimmy (Paul Danquah) who invites her onto his ship to attend to her grazed knee. They soon start a brief romantic relationship, after which Jimmy returns to his ship and departs. Relations between Jo and her mother become strained when her mother meets and marries a new man, Peter Smith (Robert Stephens). Feeling rejected by her mother, Jo starts a job in a shoe shop and rents a flat on her own. She meets a gay textile design student, Geoffrey Ingham (Murray Melvin), and invites him to move in with her. When Jo discovers she is pregnant by Jimmy, Geoff is supportive of her, even offering to marry her, saying at one point: You need somebody to love you while you're looking for somebody to love. Helen re-appears on the scene after the failure of her relationship with Peter, who turns out to have been a selfish lout. She moves in with Jo, which causes tensions between Helen and Geoff. Geoff decides he can no longer stay at the flat and moves out, leaving Helen to care for Jo and her soon-to-be-born baby. Symbolic of Helen's disdain of Geoffrey is her return, near the end of the film, of the bassinet he gave to Jo.
GLove	South_Korean	drama	Unknown	Kim Sang-nam (Jung Jae-young), a hot-tempered professional baseball player, is sent to the countryside to coach a team of hearing-impaired players in order to avoid media coverage of his recent involvement in an assault case. At first, Sang-nam has a difficult time imagining how he can teach baseball to a group of boys who can’t hear, but as he spends time with them he starts to believe that they can play the game. Motivated, Sang-nam decides to help them prepare for the nationals. As Sang-nam trains them, he forms bonds with the players, as well as with the music teacher and baseball manager Ms. Na (Yoo Sun). But things don’t go the way Kim plans and their difficulties communicating with one another exacerbates the situation.[6]
Army	Bollywood	drama	Jatin Thakran	The story follows Major Arjun Singh (Shahrukh Khan), a dutiful army officer and the brother-in-law of acclaimed Jailer Raghuvir Singh (Kiran Kumar). He is in love with Geeta (Sridevi), and they get married, and become proud parents. Arjun soon gets involved in the bad books of a notorious gangster named Naagraj (Danny Denzongpa). Arjun starts working undercover in Nagraj's gang, but soon enough, Nagraj is informed about Arjun's real identity, and Arjun is brutally killed. When Geeta finds out, she decides to avenge Arjun's death. When Naagraj finds out that Geeta is out for vengeance, he scoffs at her, refusing to believe that a lone defenseless widow can do him any harm. But Naagraj is in for a surprise when he comes face to face with Geeta and a group of young convicted men on the run who are dedicated to bring him down - even if they die trying.
Victim	British	drama	Basil Dearden	A successful barrister, Melville Farr (Dirk Bogarde) has a thriving London practice. He is on course to become a Queen's Counsel and people are already talking of his being appointed a judge. He is apparently happily married to his wife, Laura (Sylvia Syms). Farr is approached by Boy Barrett (Peter McEnery), a younger working class man with whom Farr has shared a romantic but non-sexual relationship. Farr rebuffs the approach, thinking Barrett wants to blackmail him about their relationship. In fact, Barrett has been trying to reach Farr to appeal to him for help because he has fallen prey to blackmailers who have a picture of Farr and Barrett in a vehicle together, in which Barrett is crying with Farr's arm around him. Barrett has stolen £2,300 from his employers to pay the blackmail, is being pursued by the police, and needs Farr's financial assistance to flee the country. After Farr intentionally avoids him, Barrett is picked up by the police, who discover why he was being blackmailed. Knowing it will be only a matter of time before he is forced to reveal the details of the blackmail scheme and Farr's role, Barrett hangs himself in a police cell. Learning the truth about Barrett, Farr takes on the blackmail ring and recruits a friend of Barrett's to identify others the blackmailers may be targeting. The friend identifies a barber who is also being blackmailed, but the barber refuses to identify his tormentors. When one of the blackmailers visits the barber and begins to destroy his shop, he suffers a heart attack. Near death, he phones Farr's house and leaves a mumbled message naming another victim of the blackmailers. Farr contacts this victim, a famous actor, but the actor refuses to help him, preferring to pay the blackmailers to keep his secret. Laura finds out about Barrett's suicide and confronts her husband. After a heated argument, during which Farr maintains that he has kept the promise he made to Laura when they married that he would no longer indulge his homosexual attraction, Laura decides that Farr has betrayed that promise in having a relationship with Barrett and decides to leave him. The blackmailers vandalise Farr's Chiswick[2] property, painting FARR IS QUEER on his garage doors. Farr resolves to help the police catch them and promises to give evidence in court, despite knowing that the ensuing press coverage will certainly destroy his career. The blackmailers are identified and arrested. Farr tells Laura to leave before the ugliness of the trial, but that he will welcome her return afterward. She tells him that she believes she has found the strength to return to him. Farr burns the suggestive photograph of him and Barrett.
Nacholer Rani	Bangladeshi	drama	Syed Wahiduzzaman Diamond	In 1950, Mitra took up the cause of the Santhals. She was married to Ramendra Nath Mitra, a Zamindar of Ramchandrapur in Nachol.[3][4] She left her lavish life and fought for the ill-treated Santhals. She garnered recognition for her dedication to their cause. She was treated as an uncrowned queen by the Santhals. They gave her the title Rani Ma (Queen mother).[5]
Boyfriends	British	drama	Tom Hunsinger	Paul, Matt and Will, three best friends decide to go on holiday together. Paul (James Dreyfus) brings his lover Ben, but their five-year relationship is unstable owing to Paul's continued moodiness over the death of his brother Mark; Matt brings Owen, with whom he wants a lifelong relationship but whose boisterous personality doesn't suit him; and Will brings Adam, a 20-year-old one-night stand. Mark's lover also comes along for some sense of closure.
Safar	Bollywood	drama	Asit Sen	The movie starts with the desperate attempt of surgeon Dr. Neela (Sharmila Tagore) to save a patient, whom she knew wasn't going to survive. She works under the guidance of Dr. Chandra (Ashok Kumar), who tells her that however hard doctors might try, sometimes a patient wouldn't survive. The story drifts into a flashback. Neela meets Avinash (Rajesh Khanna) at medical college and after an initial misunderstanding, grows close to him. Avinash is a poor guy who works while attending medical college. He paints too and Neela finds out that most of his paintings are of her. Though he admires Neela very much, he never talks about love or marriage. Everyone thinks that it's because of his financial status, but it is later revealed that he has terminal cancer. Neela, due to financial troubles, starts working as a tutor where she meets her student's elder brother, businessman Shekhar Kapoor (Feroz Khan). Shekhar admires her and later meets his elder brother Kalidas (I. S. Johar) to ask for her hand in marriage. Kalidas redirects him to Avinash saying that Neela would listen to him. Shekhar meets Avinash, who approves of him and recommends him to Neela. Neela understands that Avinash has no intention to marry her, so she agrees to marry Shekhar. They spend some time happily, but Shekhar always feels Neela wouldn't love him as much as he loves her. Facing losses in business, he expects Neela's empathy, but gets none. Moreover, Neela regularly visits her brother's house where Avinash was a frequent visitor. Shekhar slowly grows suspicious of Neela and Avinash and asks his younger brother to spy on her. Later he finds a love letter, written by Avinash in the handwriting of Neela just for fun. Shekhar thinks that Neela has written that and becomes devastated. He wants to free her from him and commits suicide. Police suspect that Neela and Avinash killed him and arrests Neela as Avinash disappears. At the trial, Shekhar's mother Mrs. Kapoor (Nadira) testifies in favour of Neela and the court acquits her. Later it is revealed that Avinash left to get away from their marital lives not knowing that Shekhar had committed suicide. Later, he comes back in the final stage of his disease and dies in Dr. Chandra's hospital. Heart-broken and devastated, Neela wouldn't want to live anymore, but Dr. Chandra consoles her and takes her under his wing to make her a great surgeon like him. The film ends with Neela sending her brother-in-law abroad for studies and dedicating her life to the medical profession.
Sorrell and Son	British	drama	Jack Raymond	When Captain Sorrell returns home from the war, his wife Dora leaves him for another man. Despite considerable hardship, the captain devotes his life to bringing up his young son Kit, who becomes the object of his devotion. Eventually, the boy grows up to have a successful career as a doctor, and the captain lives long enough to see him happily married.
Roman J. Israel, Esq.	American	drama	Dan Gilroy	Roman J. Israel (Denzel Washington) is a lawyer and activist working for a small law firm in Los Angeles. In his two-partner office, Israel is responsible for preparing memos and briefs while William Jackson, the firm's owner and a well-respected professor, focuses on the courtroom appearances that Israel struggles with. Israel has spent years developing a brief that he believes will change the justice system, in the meantime sacrificing a family and a normal life to fight for justice. While Israel is short on interpersonal skills, he is gifted with a phenomenal memory as well as strong personal convictions on the meaning of justice. Jackson suffers a heart attack and falls into a coma, forcing Israel to make several courtroom appearances in his stead which go poorly. Jackson's niece reveals to Israel that the firm is broke and that Jackson's succession plan leaves George Pierce (Colin Farrell) in charge. Pierce plans to shut the firm down but offers Israel a job at his own much larger firm. Israel rejects this offer out of hand believing that Pierce is simply a greedy, self-obsessed lawyer. While looking for a new job, Israel meets Maya (Carmen Ejogo) during a job interview at a local activist network. The job interview does not go well, but Maya offers him the opportunity to speak at an upcoming meeting she is organizing. After failing to find employment elsewhere, Israel reluctantly takes a job with Pierce. Israel is a poor fit at the big firm, clashing with the number two partner Jesse Salinas after Israel mockingly laughs at a disparaging joke Salinas makes about battered women. After attempting to interest Pierce in the legal brief he has been preparing to attempt changing the legal system itself, Israel is disappointed when he is instead assigned by Pierce to several clients including Ellerbee, a young man arrested for murder. Ellerbee maintains he did not do it but is willing to testify against the shooter, wanted fugitive Carter Johnson. Israel goes behind Salinas' back to attempt to negotiate a plea deal for Ellerbee with the district attorney but insults her by insinuating her incompetence. No bargain is struck and Ellerbee is murdered before his case goes to trial. Israel's mishandling of Ellerbee's case leads to trouble for the firm and causes Pierce to berate him for his insubordination. That evening Israel is mugged and beaten by a homeless man. He becomes downcast and starts adopting a new, cynical attitude. Israel contacts relatives of the murdered store clerk for a $100,000 reward for Johnson's location. Spending the money lavishly, Israel indulges in luxuries he had previously eschewed but still finds himself feeling numb. Jackson dies after his extended coma, but Israel is unmoved and refuses to speak at his memorial service, believing that his mentor was truly flawed in thinking the world could be a just place. Pierce, inspired after hearing positive testimonials from Israel's other clients about his personal touch and honest approach, resolves to reform his firm including a new focus on pro-bono cases. While he is now celebrated at work, Israel's new materialistic outlook prevents him from enjoying this new direction. Maya later calls Israel to ask him out on a date, despite his failed speech. On the date, Maya sincerely shares some of her struggles with idealism and reality only for Israel to crudely dismiss them as irrelevant and attempt to flaunt his wealth in front of her. Pierce offers to work with Israel on the legal brief for plea reform he has been preparing, but Israel is unethusiastic. Pierce calls Israel to meet a new client with him who is in custody only for Israel to learn that the client is Johnson himself. After Pierce departs, Johnson accuses Israel of turning him in for the reward, divulging privileged communications for personal gain. Having accepted that he will spend the rest of his life in prison, Johnson's only goal is to torment Israel and see that he also ends up behind bars. Confronted by his crime, Israel suffers a breakdown and renounces his greedy, self-centered worldview. After attempting to flee town, Israel reverses course after realizing that he cannot escape his own hypocrisy. Israel reconciles with Maya and Pierce and tries to motivate them to pursue their inner sense of justice. He reveals that he intends to turn himself in to the police for his crime. While walking to the police precinct to surrender himself, Israel is shot and killed by one of Johnson's henchmen. In the aftermath of Israel's death, Maya is seen to be renewed in her activism efforts, while Pierce files Israel’s massive brief in Federal Court intending to reform plea bargaining after enlisting the help of his firm's employees for the benefit of the larger community.
The French Lieutenant's Woman	British	drama	Karel Reisz	The film intercuts the stories of two affairs. One is a Victorian period drama involving the gentleman palaeontologist Charles Smithson and the complex and troubled Sarah Woodruff, known as the French lieutenant's woman. The other story is between the actors Mike and Anna, playing the lead roles in a modern filming of the story. In both segments, Jeremy Irons and Meryl Streep play the lead roles. John Fowles' The French Lieutenant's Woman had multiple endings, and the two parallel stories in the movie have different outcomes. In the Victorian story, Charles enters into an intensely emotional relationship with Sarah, an enigmatic and self-inflicted outcast he meets while visiting his fiancé Ernestina (Lynsey Baxter) in Lyme Regis. The two meet secretly in the Lyme Regis Undercliff, and eventually have sex in an Exeter hotel. This leads to Charles breaking his engagement, but Sarah then disappears. In social disgrace after being sued for breach of promise, Charles searches for Sarah, fearing she has become a prostitute in London. After three years, Sarah, who has a job as a governess in the Lake District, contacts Charles to explain that she needed time to find herself. Despite Charles's initial anger, he forgives her, and the two are reconciled. They are finally seen boating on Windermere. In the modern story, the American actress Anna and the English actor Mike, both married, are shown as having an established affair during the making of the film. As filming concludes, although Mike wishes to continue the relationship, Anna becomes increasingly cool about the affair, and avoids Mike in favour of spending time with her French husband. During the film wrap party, Anna leaves without saying goodbye; Mike calls to Anna from an upstairs window as she drives away, using her character's name Sarah.
Come Rain, Come Shine	South_Korean	drama	Unknown	The film opens with a 9-minute long take of a married couple riding in a car together. After several minutes of small talk, the woman (Im Soo-jung) tells the man (Hyun Bin) that she's leaving him for another man. The rest of the film takes place in the couple's home during a rainstorm on their last day together, as the husband helps his wife pack. Various quiet, introspective scenes show them doing things such as making coffee, smoking a cigarette, and reminiscing over nostalgic items. While eating together, the woman asks the man why he isn't angry with her, saying that he has a right to be. The man says that he knows she doesn't change her mind when she decides on something and feels that he is partially to blame for their rift. She then accuses the man of being selfish for acting as the perfect man during their breakup. Their conversation is interrupted by the meowing of a lost kitten outside. They bring it inside, but it escapes and hides elsewhere in the house. Soon, their neighbors come looking for the kitten and are invited inside. Strained conversation ensues, and the neighbors inform the couple that the rain has flooded the roads, preventing travel to Seoul. The husband answers a phone call from his wife's new lover and passes it to her. She tells him she'll have to put off leaving until the next day due to the flooding. He asks her, Is there anything holding you back? To which she doesn't answer. The neighbors leave without the kitten, telling the couple to call them when it comes out. Now unable to go to their planned dinner reservation, the couple prepares dinner together. The man begins sniffling while cutting onions, and goes to the bathroom to wash his eyes, silently standing while letting the faucet run. The film ends with the kitten coming out of hiding and the woman telling it that everything is going to be okay.
Happiness	Hong Kong	drama	Andy Lo	After the death of his mother, Chan Kai-yuk (Carlos Chan) moves from Guangzhou to Hong Kong and attempts to reunite with his father (Chin Siu-ho) who has abandoned them and started a new marriage already. Sacked from a restaurant, Chan cannot afford the housing rental fee and is forced to leave. While sleeping on the street, he is helped by Kam (Louis Cheung) who is a chef at Beloved Community Centre, which is dedicated to providing support for the needy in the area. Although he is offered a job at the centre, he cannot accept it unless he has a proof of address. He then turns to seek help from Tse Yuen-fan (Kara Wai) who he randomly encountered and helped at a wet market previously. Tse is a middle-aged childless ex-singer who lives by herself after her only tenant moved out. Initially suspicious of Chan, she later accepts him to be her new tenant after he gives her a dozen of eggs as present. She lives a simple and routine lifestyle and demands that Chan strictly follow her timetable at the living room. Now with a residential address, Chan starts to work at Beloved, where he is introduced to Xiaoyue (Cya Liu), a social work intern student from Guangzhou, and Fong (Yan Ng), a social worker. Assigned to a food sharing scheme, Chan co-operates with Xiaoyue whom he has a crush on but knows about her relationship later. Making fun and then feeling frustrated with Tse's poor memory, Chan takes her to Beloved, where Fong refers her to a Mini–Mental State Examination. She receives lower-than standard points and is diagnosed with mild cognitive disorder. He is at first indifferent to the result but starts to realise the seriousness when she loses her direction en route home. Fear that he will have to take on the responsibility of taking of her when her condition deteriorates, he flees the flat without informing her. However, after seeing her searching for him recklessly in nearby areas, he remembers his own late mother and therefore returns, against his closest friend Fat's (James Ng) advice. Under his monitoring, she begins medication that aims to slower the deterioration of her cognitive condition. With Fat's assistance, Chan is able to locate his father along with his new family. He then secretly takes his step younger brother to an indoor playground and treats him with ice-cream. Nevertheless, he is unaware of his brother's peanut allergy, which causes the boy to develop acute symptoms. When taking him to the hospital, Chan is beaten his angry father, who is ordered by his new wife to cut any connections with him. When Chan tearfully agrees not to disturb his father's life again, he is comforted by Tse and Xiaoyue. There, Tse asks Chan to call her mother. Gradually realising her worsening condition, Tse makes a will to name Chan the inheritor of all her properties, including the flat she inherited from her former boss, on the condition that he will take care of her in the capacity of her son. Living like a family, Tse is indulged in her past hobby of drawing and Chan starts his new job at a restaurant. At a visit to Beloved, he is told that Xiaoyue has already returned to Guangzhou. Her leaving note reveals that she has been admiring his love towards his terminally ill mother since they met before at a Guangzhou hospital, although he did not recognise her. Although her relationship with her boyfriend has failed in the end, she treasures the interpersonal bondings in Hong Kong, especially that between Chan and Tse.
 Dish, TheThe Dish	Australian	drama	Rob Sitch	The radio telescope at Parkes (Parkes Observatory), New South Wales, Australia, was used by NASA throughout the Apollo program to receive signals in the Southern Hemisphere, along with the NASA Honeysuckle Creek Tracking Station near Canberra. In the days before the July 1969 space mission that marked mankind's first steps on the Moon, NASA was working with a group of Australian technicians who had agreed to engineer a space-to-earth interface to carry the video and telemetry signals from the Lunar Lander on the Moon and relay them to the rest of the global audience, estimated then at some 600 million people. The actual dish antenna used had to be large as the signals expected from the spacecraft were very weak and easily lost. NASA had to use the Parkes radio telescope situated in the middle of an Australian sheep farm. There were some background concerns at NASA about using the Parkes antenna, mainly technical, as the signals had to go via point to point microwave links to get re-transmitted globally. Based on a true story, The Dish takes a sometimes comical look at the differing cultural attitudes between Australia and the U.S. while revisiting one of the greatest events in history. It depicts the activities in a control room of a radio telescope doing a job it was not originally expected to do, but in the end did very well. The directors of the film portray, quite accurately, what is in essence, a complex technical task, such as re-pointing the dish when it loses the signal's lock and deciding to use it when the wind whips up threatening to damage the structure. The film dramatises the team-work of a few technicians, who sometimes nearly lose their cool with each other, painted against a backdrop of proud Australian townfolk, with visiting dignitaries hoping nothing will go wrong at the crucial moment.
Duvidha	Bollywood	drama	Mani Kaul	The film is set in rural Rajasthan. It is based on a story by Vijayadan Detha, which relates a popular folktale from Rajasthan about a merchant's son, Krishanlal (Ravi Menon), whose relationship with his young bride, Lachhi (Raisa Padamsee), is thwarted by his work and a ghost who falls in love with her, resulting in the ghost soon impersonating the husband.[3]
Careful, He Might Hear You	Australian	drama	Carl Schultz	The film stars Wendy Hughes and Robyn Nevin as two sisters who are locked in a custody battle over their young nephew, PS, played by Nicholas Gledhill. PS has been raised by his aunt Lila (Nevin) and her husband George since his mother died soon after his birth. When Lila's richer sister Vanessa (Hughes) returns from overseas, she seeks custody of PS, citing the opportunities she can give him.
Off Track	Hong Kong	drama	Cha Chuen Yee	Joe (Max Mok) is a car fanatic and co-owns an auto repair shop. One time in an illegal street race, Joe collides with Lui (Jacky Cheung) and the two of them were arrested. Since then, Lui and Joe had become enemies. Lui's father (Wu Ma) is a seasoned police officer who goes by his principles and detains his own son, and thus, their relationship had grown very sour, and Lui also increases his hatred towards Joe.. On the other hand, Joe meets Ann (Loletta Lee) and falls in love her. However, Joe discovers that Ann is actually Lui's younger sister, and Lui tries to destroy their relationship. At first, Joe resisted Lui for the sake of Ann, but Lui becomes increasingly aggressive. Knowing that this all started because of her, Ann reluctantly breaks up with Joe. However, Joe refuses to step and negotiates with Lui to settle in a car race with a bet of HK$500,000. During the race, Lui dashes into the ocean. Lui's underling, Bull (Karel Wong), who thinks that Lui is dead, takes Ann hostage to threaten Joe in order to avenge his boss. Joe rushes to save Ann, but was no match for Bull. In this critical occasion, Lui returns with a full body of blood.
Hammers Over the Anvil	Australian	drama	Ann Turner	Based on the novel of the same name by Alan Marshall, the film is set in the early 1900s in a small town in the Western District of Victoria, centering around a young Alan Marshall and the people in his town. Crippled by polio, Alan tries to make sense of his place in a world where a man's physical prowess gains the admiration of women and the envy of his peers, as demonstrated by the horsebreaker East Driscoll, portrayed by Russell Crowe. Charlotte Rampling also stars as an English lady, Grace McAlister, who has moved to the area with her husband. Complications arise as an attraction develops between East and Grace and young Alan deals with the complexities of growing up.
The Outsider	British	drama	Paul L. Stein	Anton Ragatzy is an infamous osteopath, known for his controversial methods of curing disability. Ragatzy uses a machine invented by himself which will either cure the patients permanently, or will leave them disabled forever. A board of surgeons disagree with Ragatzy's methods and want to ban him from acting as an osteopath. Ragatzy wants to change their minds, and decides to cure the daughter of one of the surgeons, Joseph Sturdee. Lalage Lally Sturdee has been disabled since birth and lives with her fiercely protective father. She composes famous musical scores and is in love with her close friend Basil. Ragatzy manages to meet Lally and offers her treatment, but she refuses. However, when she sees Basil and her friends having fun swimming while she is unable to join in, she changes her mind and contacts Ragatzy. Ragatzy promises to help her and invites her to live in his house for one year while the treatment takes place so that she can receive the best care. Ragatzy knows of Lally's love for Basil and believes that it will help in her treatment. Basil has fallen in love with another woman, Wendy, but continues to visit Lally out of a sense of duty. Ragatzy finds that he himself is falling in love with Lally, but keeps his distance. Basil promises to visit Lally on New Year's Eve, but instead sees the New Year in with Wendy. To spare her feelings, Ragatzy buys flowers for Lally and pretends they are from Basil. Lally completes her treatment and Ragatzy arranges for the board of surgeons to be present while Lally takes her first steps. Basil promises Wendy that if Lally can walk, he will marry her, but if Lally is still disabled he must stay with her. Ragatzy and Lally realise their feelings for each other. He helps her to her feet, but the surgeons are still suspicious. Ragatzy encourages Lalage to walk, but she confesses that she can't. The surgeons leave and Lally carries on trying to walk but keeps falling down. Ragatzy expresses his frustration that he will now be unable to carry on practising, while Lally is furious that Ragatzy is only concerned with his reputation. Joseph Sturdee arrives and is angered that his daughter is disabled for life, and hits Ragatzy. Lally hears the commotion and walks over to defend Ragatzy. The film ends with Lally united with her father and Ragatzy.
The Smashing Bird I Used to Know	British	drama	Robert Hartford-Davis	Nine-year-old Nicki Johnson attends a funfair with her parents. Her father (David Lodge) takes her on a merry-go-round ride, where Nicki becomes frightened. Attempting to reach over to comfort her, her father instead falls from the ride and is crushed to death in its machinery. The tragedy leaves Nicki traumatised, particularly as in its aftermath she overhears comments suggesting that she was to blame for what happened, which leave her with a permanent sense of guilt. Seven years on and Nicki (Hinde) is a troubled and confused teenager living with her mother, plagued by flashback nightmares and with an obsession with horses and riding stemming from the merry-go-round horror. Since being widowed, her mother Anne (Renée Asherson) has withdrawn emotionally from her daughter and has sought consolation with a succession of younger lovers. Her latest boyfriend Harry (Mower), who Nicki detests, is a sleazy con-artist who makes his living out of latching on to wealthy older women and fleecing them financially before moving on. Nicki is left largely to her own devices and often plays truant from school, spending the time with her boyfriend Peter (Waterman). Returning home one day from a riding lesson, Nicki finds herself alone in the house with Harry. He attempts to seduce her, and when she proves resistant, taunts her with the fact that her trust fund is now in his control. A struggle ensues, during which Nicki stabs him several times leaving him seriously injured. For her trouble, she is sent to a remand home for young women with emotional and behavioural problems. Coming from a middle-class background, Nicki is overwhelmed by her new environment among a large group of tough, delinquent and maladjusted girls, where bullying and violence is the norm. She tries to keep a low profile to avoid being victimised, but matters improve when she strikes up an unlikely friendship with lesbian fellow inmate Sarah (Lipman). Despite Sarah's fearsome reputation as one of the toughest girls on the block, she becomes Nicki's unofficial protector. As the friendship develops Sarah reveals her more vulnerable side to Nicki and they discover that they have much in common with regard to how they ended up where they are. Sarah makes it clear that her feelings towards Nicki go beyond friendship and a tentative intimacy develops between the pair. Sarah and Nicki finally make the decision to abscond together rather than face the prospect of being sent to borstal. Soon after, Sarah is apprehended but Nicki avoids capture and manages to make it to Peter's flat. The sensible Peter tries to convince her that she has done herself no favours by running away from her problems and that in the long-term it is better that she should face up to them by returning to the remand home. Nicki is initially unconvinced, but finally realises that he is right. She agrees to being driven back; however fate intervenes before they complete the journey.
Vincent & Theo	American	drama	Robert Altman	Vincent & Theo has a prelude, which is documentary footage of the 1987 auction of one of Vincent van Gogh's paintings at Christie's, a famed London art business. The painting sells for millions of pounds. The film then cuts to scenes that take place in the period from 1883 through 1891, commencing with Vincent van Gogh's decision to work exclusively as an artist, and concluding with his death and that of his brother Theo a few months later. The film is a double portrait of both men; Noel Murray has summarised this aspect, Altman and screenwriter Julian Mitchell contrast Theo's life—which mostly consists of him guiding rich people through galleries and selling them paintings he despises—with Vincent's gradual development of his own voice and style, through hard physical labor. Vincent & Theo also shows both men as warped by a similar madness, torn between their lusts for sex and alcohol, and their yearnings for social respectability and religious connection.[4] The film portrays several of the better-known episodes of this period of the brothers' lives, including Vincent van Gogh's move from his brother's apartment in Paris to Provence, Theo van Gogh's establishment of an art gallery in Paris and his marriage to Jo Bonger, Vincent van Gogh's relationship with the painter Paul Gauguin in Provence, his mutilation of his earlobe, the birth of their son Vincent Willem to Johanna and Theo van Gogh, Vincent van Gogh's care by the physician Paul Gachet, and his ultimate suicide.
52 Tuesdays	Australian	drama	Sophie Hyde	In suburban Australia, 16-year-old Billie lives with her lesbian mother Jane, who is divorced from her father Tom, and with Jane's younger brother (Billie's uncle) Harry. One day Jane reveals plans to undergo a gender transition, now calling himself James. More importantly for Billie, James wants Billie to live with Tom for a year, with which Tom has agreed, restricting the time Billy is together with Jane/James to Tuesdays from 16:00 - 22:00, starting on the 23rd of August. The film is divided into the corresponding 52 segments, each covering one Tuesday, and starting with a title card showing the date. Each Tuesday, after visiting James and before returning to Tom, Billie has secret encounters with two older students, Josh and Jasmine, in an apartment Harry allows them to use. Billie films sexual experiments of the threesome. A setback for James is that he has to stop testosterone injections, because of a rare condition of his body not tolerating it. After sending a nude photograph of herself to Jasmine, Billie gets into trouble as this is considered child pornography. The school principal, James, Tom and Jasmine strongly disapprove it. Billie is shocked that James destroys one of her tapes, and refuses further contact with him. Josh does not want physical contact with Billie anymore because of Tom's disapproval. Later Billie is willing to destroy a remaining tape, but since it is in James' house who she no longer visits, she is dependent on Harry, who finally destroys it for her. When the year is finished, Billie reconciles with James, and starts living with him again. Also Billie, Josh and Jasmine become friends again.
Losing Isaiah	American	drama	Stephen Gyllenhaal	While craving her next hit, Khaila Richards (Halle Berry), an African-American crack cocaine addict, abandons her baby Isaiah in the rubbish. She promises to come back later. The next day, the baby narrowly escapes death in the garbage truck. Then, Isaiah is sent to the hospital, where they discover he is also addicted to crack through his mother's addiction. While caring for Isaiah, a white social worker named Margaret Lewin (Jessica Lange) grows increasingly fond of him and eventually adopts him to live with her and her white husband, Charles (David Strathairn) and daughter, Hannah. Meanwhile, Khaila is caught shoplifting and is sent to rehab, unaware Isaiah is alive. Three years later, Khaila successfully completes her treatment and confesses to her case worker that she abandoned Isaiah in the alley. Unknown to Khaila, the case worker investigates and discovers Isaiah's adoption. They hire a lawyer, Kadar Lewis (Samuel L. Jackson) to contest the adoption. An ugly court battle ensues, with racial issues demonstrating inadequacies on both sides. The judge overturns the adoption, returning Isaiah to Khaila, much to the Lewins' horror and sadness. Even after weeks pass, Isaiah does not consider Khaila his mother. Although he becomes increasingly withdrawn, he is also prone to violent public outbursts. Eventually, Khaila is desperate for Isaiah's happiness, and asks Margaret to step back in for a little while... until he can understand. However, she insists she will also continue to be involved. The two mothers embrace each other, both proclaiming their love for Isaiah. The film ends with them together playing building blocks with their boy in a classroom.
The Intimate Stranger	British	drama	Richard Basehart	Reggie Wilson's Hollywood career as a film editor ended after he had an affair with his boss's wife. He then moved to England, became successful and married the daughter of a producer . They are both working on a new film 'Eclipse'. His new life is threatened when he starts receiving intimate letters from a woman. She reminds him of a relationship they had some time ago but he genuinely has no knowledge of it . Has he a sick mind or is he the victim of an evil scheme?
Casino Raiders II	Hong Kong	drama	Johnnie To	According to the legend, before the God of Gamblers retired, he gave two piece of jade tablet to two people whom he is gracious to and whoever has a piece of the jade tablet can invite the God of Gamblers to help them win in a gambling competition. Later, one piece has returned to the God of Gamblers, while the other one is in the hands of someone. Chicken Feet, Kit and James were Uncle Fan's apprentices. One time when Uncle Fan brought them to Osaka to compete with Taro Yamamoto, James killed Yamamoto for money and betrayed Fan, which caused Fan crippled and framed Kit for the murder of Yamamoto, leading him imprisoned. After Kit is imprisoned, Fan and Chicken Feet were forced too open a gamble table in a boat but James does not stop. James needs the jade tablet to participate in the Asia Gambling Competition and he believes Fan knows the whereabouts of the jade tablet. In order to pull Chicken Feet and Kit from danger and have the two avenger him later, Uncle Fan jumps into the ocean and commits suicide. Later Kit is released from prison and intends to lead a normal life but he could not escape from James's pestering. In order to save his daughter and to escape from James's pestering, he cuts off his own hand. Chicken Feet and others had heard the news that Fan spread before and his death, which leads them to find the jade tablet. Because of this, James tries to kill them and Chicken Feet's girlfriend Siu-mui dies as a result. Kit later throws the disastrous jade down the ocean. The Asia Gambling Competition begins, Kit participates to help Mr. Yeung, while Chicken Feet also participates to avenge Siu-mui and Uncle Fan. Finally, Kit, Chicken Feet, previous champion James and another competitor encounter in the final round. Kit follows Yeung's idea to lose all the money, since Yeung bet James to win. Finally, Chicken Feet, with an A spades, 3 spades, 4 spades, 5 spades and a 2 spades under competes with James, who has a J clubs, J diamonds, Q diamond, Q hearts and a Q spades under. Chicken Feet puts a fake jade and his own life at stake to bet with James's life. James quits before betting with Chicken Feet, and Chicken Feet wins US$40 million and becomes the new Asian Gambling Champ. Later, Yeung learns that James bet US$5 million for himself to lose and the angered Yeung sends people to kill James. Finally, Chicken Feet temporary leaves Hong Kong to avoid danger and right after seeing off Chicken Feet leave, Kit was shot by a group of thugs and the film ends.
They Can't Hang Me	British	drama	Val Guest	A senior civil servant, Pitt (Morell) has been convicted of a murder and sentenced to death. Days before his execution, Pitt reveals that he has been passing on top secret information to an agent of a foreign power and offers to reveal the identity of his handler in exchange for a reprieve. With only five days before Pitt's execution, debonair Special Branch Inspector Ralph Brown (Morgan) takes on the task of identifying the spy before he flees the country. The starring role of Brown was an unusual part for Morgan, who was better known in British film for playing villains and criminals.
Platform	Chinese	drama	Jia Zhangke	The film starts in 1979 in the wake of the Cultural Revolution. A theatre troupe of young adults in Fenyang performs state-approved material. The troupe includes Cui Minliang and his friends, Yin Ruijuan, Zhang Jun, and Zhong Ping. Zhang and Zhong are together. Cui asks Yin if she is his girlfriend, but she replies that she is not. The troupe leaves their hometown and travels throughout the country for several years during the 1980s. Yin stays behind in Fenyang and becomes a tax collector. The authorities find out about the illegal sexual relationship between Zhang and Zhong, and Zhong then leaves the group, never to return. As China undergoes massive social changes, the troupe alters their performances and starts to play rock music. They eventually return to Fenyang. Cui, jaded by his years on the road, reunites with Yin.
The Silver King	British	drama	T. Hayes Hunter	Wilfred Denver (Marmont) wins the heart of the beautiful Nellie (Jean Jay) and marries her, earning the ongoing festering resentment of Nellie's former beau Geoffrey Ware (Huth). A few years later, Wilfred and Nellie have a daughter, but Wilfred's financial recklessness has left him facing large debts. Geoffrey sees an opportunity for revenge by giving his desperate former friend a surefire insiders' tip on a horse running at generous odds in that year's Epsom Derby. Wilfred lays a large bet which he can ill afford, only to watch in dismay as the horse straggles home at the back of the field. Geoffrey feigns an apology, then urges Wilfred to drown his sorrows. He gets Wilfred completely befuddled and dishevelled with drink, then takes him home to Nellie, gloating to her about the dissolute wretch she chose over him. As Geoffrey makes his way home later that evening, he is robbed and murdered by a band of crooks. The police learn of the events of the day and interview Wilfred, who is unable to provide a satisfactory account of his movements that evening. Realising that he faces arrest, trial and possible execution, Wilfred flees to America, leaving Nellie behind to fend for herself and their child as best she can. Years pass, and Wilfred hits the jackpot in America with a silver mine. Now a rich man known to all as the Silver King, he returns to England incognito. He sets about investigating the circumstances of Geoffrey's murder, and identifies the guilty individuals. He takes his evidence to the police, who exonerate him of all charges. He then engineers a reconciliation with Nellie and their now grown daughter Olive (Chili Bouchier).
Himmatwala	Bollywood	drama	T. Rama Rao	Master Dharam Murti witnesses a murder of a man at the hands of Sher Singh Bandookwala. But Sher Singh with his might, terror, and money are set free. In revenge, he places Dharam Murti in an awkward position with a female teacher, Menaka. Dharam Murti, ashamed of this, vacates his village and abandons his wife and children. His wife Savitri helps her son Ravi (Jeetendra) become an engineer who then resolves to fight against Bandookwala and get his father's spoilt reputation back. Bandookwala has terrorized all the villagers. His daughter Rekha (Sridevi) follows his footsteps and grows into an insensitive woman who tries to harass people. Ravi's sister Padma has to marry Munimji's son Shakti as she is pregnant with his child. After marriage, Shakti and Bandookwala together start harassing Padma. Rekha falls in love with Ravi and decides to play the same trick against the Bandookwala by pretending to be pregnant with Ravi's child. Ravi finds his father as a worker on a dam construction site. Ravi then presents Bandookwala guilty before the panchayat, but is freed by Dharam Murti on condition that he should show affection to the poor and treat them well. Finally, Bandookwala becomes a good man and then Ravi marries Rekha.
White Man's Burden	American	drama	Desmond Nakano	The movie begins with a dinner engagement at the Thomas residence. Thaddeus Thomas (Harry Belafonte), a wealthy CEO, prompts a discussion about White people and claims they are genetically inferior because the children grow up without fathers. In this alternative reality, the lower class consists of White Americans as the large percentage of minorities who live in rundown and crime-infested ghetto communities, and face prejudice from the broader society; while the comfortable middle to upper class is predominantly made of African Americans. The African Americans in the film are dominant in employment, business, and entertainment and they often refer condescendingly to how white children live in poverty and unfortunate conditions. The rich Thomas family are horrified and struggle to be polite in the presence of poor white people. In an effort to go above and beyond in his position, Louis Pinnock (John Travolta), a struggling factory worker hoping for a promotion in the candy factory, offers to deliver a package after his shift. He delivers the package to successful CEO Thaddeus Thomas, who lives in a wealthy upper-class community predominantly of blacks. Pinnock is let into the property by a white servant at the security gate point in front of the Thomas residence and accidentally views Thaddeus's wife naked while dressing in her bedroom through the window. Thaddeus notices and complains to the VP at the factory, during a dinner engagement at his house, that he would prefer a different delivery man instead of a Peeping Tom to visit his house next time. Although Thaddeus doesn't suggest any form of punishment towards Pinnock, the VP gets the message and immediately fires Pinnock anyway. Pinnock returns to the Thomas residence in an attempt to discuss the misunderstanding with Thaddeus, but because Thaddeus was in an important business meeting, he refuses and sends a message to Pinnock that he apologizes but there's nothing he can do to help him. Pinnock begs for two minutes of his time, but is abruptly turned away. Without any education or advanced skills, Pinnock finds difficulty getting a job and is unable to support his family. The Pinnock family are awakened one early morning by the police who is accompanied by the landlord to enforce the eviction from the house; in mid-chaos the family struggle to gather their important belongings as they vacate the premises. Pinnock's mother-in-law scolds and belittles Louis for being a failure of a man and not taking care of his family; she clearly states there is not enough room for him at her house and his wife and the two kids leave to live with her. As if the situation could not get worse, Louis's truck breaks down and he is forced to walk. Feeling down and lonely in the midst of the night, Louis is aggressively apprehended by the police who mistaken him for a bank robber because he fit the description. The people inside the bar come outside and shout at the police, demanding that they leave Pinnock alone. Pinnock is brutally beaten by the police for causing a commotion and the police are chased away, as beer bottles are being thrown by the angry mob. In a radical quest for justice, Pinnock waits outside the Thomas residence again and kidnaps Thomas at gun point and demands for a large sum of money that is owed for losing his job. After multiple failed attempts for withdrawing the money, Pinnock holds Thomas hostage for the weekend and takes him through the ghetto where he lives. Thomas, however, remains unsympathetic to Pinnock and calls him a failure who blames the world for his problems. But Pinnock takes Thomas through the ghetto where he lives, and Thomas alternates between enjoying some of the staples of ghetto life (Pinnock shows him how to use salt to enhance the flavor of ketchup with French fries) and having his eyes open to this world's racism (black cops are hostile to Pinnock, treat him like a criminal when he's done nothing wrong, and eventually beat him up for no good reason). In the end, though mistaken for carrying a weapon, Pinnock is shot and killed by the police in an attempt to call for help for Thomas who is in desperate need for medical attention because of breathing problems. The chastened CEO visits Pinnock's grieving widow and offers her the money Louis lost when he was fired. She refuses it, and when Thomas awkwardly asks if she wants more, she bluntly says How much would ever be enough? and closes the door in his face as the movie ends.
Hearts of Humanity	British	drama	John Baxter	Following a whispering campaign against him, a Church of England vicar leaves his parish and goes to London. Struck by remorse, one of his accusers gets his son to try to find him and make amends. Although from a wealthy background, the young man spends time amongst the down-and-outs of the city, until he finds the heavily-disguised priest leading the poor in resistance against exploitation by a socially well-connected criminal gang.
State Secret	British	drama	Sidney Gilliat	John Marlowe (Douglas Fairbanks Jr.) is an American surgeon visiting England when he is decoyed to Vosnia, a small European country. He finds that he is to operate on the Vosnian dictator. The dictator dies but is replaced by a look-alike. As one of the few who know, Marlowe is hunted by the country's secret police. Marlowe flees and seeks the help of Lisa Robinson (Glynis Johns). They are pursued across the country and are on the point of escaping when she is shot. Marlowe could escape but stays. The head of the secret police, Colonel Galcon (Jack Hawkins) arranges a shooting accident for Marlowe, but, as Marlowe walks outside to his fate, the false dictator is heard making a live speech on the radio. Shots are heard and Marlowe goes back inside the building. Galcon confirms by telephone that the stand-in has been assassinated. Marlowe and Galcon discuss the situation and Galcon realises that it may be over for him. As the people have seen the dictator die, it is no longer necessary to have a cover-up. Marlowe and Robinson are released and fly to freedom.
A Dangerous Woman	American	drama	Stephen Gyllenhaal	Martha Horgan (Debra Winger) struggles to have a normal life in spite of being mentally challenged. She is fired from a job at the local dry-cleaner after accusations of stealing from the cash register. She believes the theft was done by Getso (David Strathairn), the boyfriend of her work colleague Birdie (Chloe Webb). Depressed, Horgan returns to the home of Aunt Frances (Barbara Hershey) and discovers that a handyman, Mackey (Gabriel Byrne), has been hired to fix the porch of the main house. Aunt Frances plans to host a gala event for a local politician. Irate over her husband's affair with Frances, the politician's wife (Laurie Metcalf) had driven into the porch and damaged it. Mackey is kind to Martha. He defends her from Getso, who bullies and insults her, and smashes the windshield on Getso's van. Martha becomes increasingly fond of Mackey as time goes on. Mackey recognizes Martha's feelings but does not take advantage of her. One night Mackey returns drunk to Martha's home, lets himself in and proceeds to have sex with the eager Martha on her sofa. He later sleeps with Frances, who is also drunk, despondent following the gala. Her lover politician had reconciled with his wife and left with her at the end of the evening. Mackey plans to leave as soon as he finishes the porch job, feeling guilty about being unfaithful to Martha, but Martha urges him stay and tries to seduce him. He resists at first, then succumbs, then finally rejects her and throws her out. Despondent, Martha seeks her only friend, Birdie, for comfort; she goes alone to Birdie's home. There she finds Getso, who taunts and threatens her. Feeling cornered, Martha stabs Getso repeatedly with a sandwich knife. Martha stays and tries to comfort Getso as he dies from his wounds. Frances and Mackey seek Martha at the police station where they are informed that she is pregnant and will likely be charged with murder and spend the rest of her life in jail. They find Martha overwhelmed with guilt over what she has done and resigned to her fate. Frances, already suspicious of Getso, informs Martha that she is pregnant and that all she has to do is tell the police Getso raped her and she will be released. Martha refuses because it would be a lie but doesn't reveal that Mackey is the father of her child. Later, Mackey again urges her to lie to save her life, but Martha instead insists that Mackey must take care of their child. A final scene set in the near future reveals that Martha was remanded to a care facility where she is allowed to have day visits. Frances, Mackey, and her child are shown taking her away for just such a visit.
Shanghai Dreams	Chinese	drama	Wang Xiaoshuai	The main character Qinghong is a 19-year-old student living with her overly repressive father, mother and younger brother in a typical small apartment. Her 'boyfriend' Honggen, a working local boy who plays only a minor role in the film and develops an obsession with Qihong to her father's contempt. Confiding in her best friend Xiao Zhen, Qinghong strives for love and independence.[1] Qinghong's father Wu Zemin is a stubborn and aggressive man, who has never forgiven his wife for persuading him to move to rural Guiyang. He regularly meets with other 'Third Line' volunteers to discuss strategies for returning to Shanghai. He becomes increasingly strict with Qinghong, often following her home from school to ensure a restricted social life. He forbids her from seeing her 'boyfriend' Honggen, discourages her from spending time with Xiao Zhen and after discovering that she has sneaked out to an underground dance party confines her to the house. Xiao Zhen has meanwhile fallen for the local boy Lu Jun, the son of another 'Third Line' volunteer couple. Lu gets a local girl pregnant and is forced by his angry father to marry her. Soon after the wedding, though, he runs away with Xiao Zhen, causing panic in the local community. Honggen stalks Qinghong and she promises to meet him secretly one evening. She slips out of the house while her father hosts a meeting with other “Third Line” friends to discuss a plan to flee to Shanghai without official permission. When Qinghong tells Honggen that they cannot be together because her family will soon leave, the nervous Honggen loses control of himself and rapes her. Qinghong totters home, muddied and bleeding. Her father initially tries to retaliate by beating up Honggen at work, but subsequently alerts the police and has Honggen arrested. Traumatised, Qinghong attempts suicide. She is recovering when a sad and chastened Xiao Zhen returns to Guiyang. Very early one morning, as dawn is breaking, the Wu family boards a van for the drive to Shanghai. They are delayed in the streets of Guiyang by the crowds gathering to watch a round of public executions. Called out on loudspeaker are the names of those to be executed, with the last name called Honggen.[2]
London Belongs to Me	British	drama	Sidney Gilliat	The film concerns the residents of a large terraced house in London between Christmas 1938 and September 1939. Among them are the landlady, Mrs Vizzard (played by Joyce Carey), who is a widow and a believer in spiritualism; Mrs Josser (Fay Compton), Mr Josser (Wylie Watson) and their teenage daughter (Susan Shaw); the eccentric spiritualist medium Mr Squales (Sim); the colourful Connie Coke (Ivy St. Helier), the young motor mechanic Percy Boon (Attenborough) and his mother (Gladys Henson). Percy is in love with the Jossers' daughter and turns to crime to raise money to impress her with, but he bungles a car theft and finds himself accused of murder. Mr Josser digs into his retirement fund to hire the boy a lawyer. Mr Squales testifies against Percy, but in the process exposes to his fiancée Mrs Vizzard the fakeness of his claims to be able to contact the dead and to predict the future. Percy is found guilty, but his neighbours rally to his defence. With the assistance of Mr Josser's staunchly socialist Uncle Henry (Stephen Murray) they gather thousands of signatures on a petition to gain him a reprieve. At the end of the film Percy's supporters march through the rain to Parliament, only to discover just before their arrival that clemency has already been granted.
The Adding Machine	British	drama	Jerome Epstein	An accountant whose job is about to be taken over by a comptometer (a primitive adding machine) starts to re-examine his life and his priorities.[2]
Bad Company	British	drama	Paul Barrelet	A dancer whose career was ruined in an accident has her mobility restored by a surgeon. Her boyfriend gives her a stolen diamond.
Highway to Battle	British	drama	Ernest Morris	Before the Second World War, a Nazi party member starts to have misgivings about the Nazis' plans. He attempts to defect to England, but is chased by the Gestapo.
Poison Pen	British	drama	Paul L. Stein	The calm of a peaceful English village is shattered when a series of anonymous letters starts being delivered to village homes, containing scurrilous allegations about the recipients and their families. Upstanding and respectable inhabitants find themselves and their loved ones accused in lascivious detail of all manner of moral, sexual and criminal misdeeds. The Reverend Rider (Tate) and his sister Mary (Robson) attempt to defuse the increasing consternation of the villagers by pointing out that the letters should be ignored as the malicious nonsense they are. Their efforts meet with little success, and Rider's daughter Ann (Todd) also becomes a target with lewd accusations being made about her fiancé David (Geoffrey Toone). As the letters continue to arrive with ever more outlandish content, the social fabric of the village starts to fall apart. The letters all bear the local postmark, and people start to look suspiciously at their friends and neighbours, wondering who could be behind the campaign. Despite Rider's insistence that the contents of the letters should be disregarded, some notice that the letter-writer seems to have a very detailed knowledge of their personal circumstances, and start to question whether there may be a grain of truth in what is being written. Personal relationships too come under strain. Soon the entire village is overtaken by suspicion and paranoia, and fingers start to point at Connie Fateley (Catherine Lacey), a shy young seamstress who lives alone and does not tend to socialise. Convinced that hers is exactly the kind of personality that would find vent in a malicious poison-pen campaign, the villagers turn against Connie, openly accusing her of being the guilty party and ostracising her from village life. Tragedy follows when the despairing Connie hangs herself from the bellrope in the village church. Rider preaches a sermon in which he expresses his disgust with his congregation for having driven Connie to suicide without a shred of evidence against her. Most, however, believe privately that Connie's death was an admission of guilt and feel relief that the ordeal is over. But letters are soon arriving again and the police become involved, keeping watch on local letterboxes in an attempt to catch the culprit. David now starts to receive letters detailing Ann's alleged infidelity, and unstable villager Sam Hurrin (Robert Newton) is targeted with information that his wife Sucal (Belle Chrystall) is dallying behind his back with local shopkeeper Len Griffin (Edward Chapman). After drinking himself into a rage, Hurrin goes out to confront Griffin and shoots him fatally. The police now begin a round-the-clock surveillance of all letterboxes in the village, the collected letters are analysed and everyone who has been recorded as posting a letter is required to provide the address on the envelope. A handwriting expert is also brought in. The investigations lead in a surprising direction, towards Mary, the vicar's sister and a respected community member who has managed to hide a severely disturbed mind behind a mask of caring efficiency. Realising that the net is finally closing in, the perpetrator descends into a destructive mental frenzy before fatally jumping from a cliff above a local quarry.
Paper Marriage	Hong Kong	drama	Alfred Cheung	Set in the United States, a down-on-his-luck Chinese boxer named Bo Chin (Sammo Hung) accepts promise of payment to marry a Hong Kong woman named Jade Lee (Maggie Cheung) so she can get American citizenship. They realize too late that they have been set up in a complicated plan to cheat them out of the woman's money. Their adventures begin when Bo is forced back into the ring and Maggie tries her hand at mud-wrestling.
Jacob	American	drama	Peter Hall	Jacob defrauds his twin brother Esau and flees. In Haran he gets to know his cousin Rachel, and falls in love with her. Years of hard work later he marries Rachel and reconciles with his brother Esau.
Ekla Akash	Bengali	drama	Sandipan Roy	Ekla Akash is a story of love, despair, infidelity and a tragedy in general. It deals with a troubled marriage between a young couple, Arijit and Nisha. The ambitious couple have reached a point in their relationship from where there is no turning back so they continue to live with each other and their child is also born. Arijit’s infidelity is primarily the reason as he is having an affair with his colleague . Arijit also has questions regarding Nisha’s special relationship with her mentor S.R, who is a film director and wants to make a film star. Eventually he does make her a star, but it only makes things worse. The film is an extremely dramatic film and can be depressing for most people. You might even hate Arijit and call him names, but eventually that anger lessens because he realizes the meaning of true love, of a family, of what it feels to be like a father and what he had done with his life so far. Though the relationship is at crossroads, yet both of realize their own mistakes and come back to each other, but then it is too late. Everything happens at the cost of losing their only child to a lung disease. This tragic ending perhaps heightens the drama of the film and makes it worth watching which was perhaps not so initially. Goutam Ghosh also plays a very interesting role as S.R, Nisha’a mentor who just sees talent in his protege and that is all there is to that relationship. There is love and affection between the two-but of that between a mentor and his protege, nothing else. He is a happy go lucky scion of a North Kolkata family who stays in a sprawling mansion literally all by himself and he finally finds peace when he goes to Darjeeling as the music teacher of Disha’s school. The film proves once again that nothing can replace the love between a husband and a wife no matter how many affairs you indulge in because somewhere down the line it is devoid and empty and does not have any lasting value or feelings . However, if you realize things too late, things can be tragic as in this film.
General Post	British	drama	Thomas Bentley	During the First World War a small-town tailor rises to become a General.
Revenge	British	drama	Sidney Hayers	Pub landlords, Jim, and Carol Radford, are grieving for the death of their young daughter, Jenny, who was raped and murdered by Seely. Jim has two other children by his first marriage, Lee and Jill. Seely is arrested for the crime by the Inspector, but ultimately released due to a lack of evidence. As well as Jenny, Seely is suspected of also killing the daughter of Jim's friend Harry. Seely himself lives a quiet, hermit-like existence, but he is observed stopping at a primary school near his house to watch the children. Seeking revenge, Harry and Lee urge Jim to kidnap Seely and keep him in the cellar of his pub. After some persuasion, Jim agrees to the plan; they capture Seely, beat him beyond recognition and keep him locked beneath the pub. This puts pressure on the Radford family, who don't dare to release him, but are too afraid to kill him and get rid of him for good. Having Seely in the cellar puts a strain on the relationships within the family, especially between Carol and Lee, and also on the business, when Carol tries to prevent a brewery deliveryman, Fred from delivering the stock. Things reach a head when it seems that Seely may be innocent after all, and the relationships between Jim, Harry and Lee become more fractured.
The Inner Circle	American	drama	Andrei Konchalovsky	Shortly after his marriage to Anastasia, Ivan Sanchin, who works as a projectionist at the headquarters of the state security service (called KGB in the film), is summoned urgently to the Kremlin. Having proved his skill, he is appointed private projectionist to Stalin and his inner circle, including the head of state security Beria. This makes him proud and happy, for he venerates the dictator as if he were a god. When a Jewish couple in his cramped apartment house are arrested, their little daughter Katya is left behind. Though Anastasia wants to adopt the child, Ivan forbids it because her parents are enemies of the people”. However she secretly visits Katya at a state orphanage. As German troops approach Moscow in 1941, Ivan and Anastasia are put on a train to a safe town. Also on the train is Beria, who gets Anastasia drunk and seduces her, sending Ivan back to Moscow. For a long time he hears nothing of her until she turns up one day, pregnant and abandoned. Her experiences have unhinged her and she commits suicide. In 1953 the lonely Ivan is visited by Katya, now an attractive teenager, who treasures the memory of Anastasia's affection. Ivan offers help, but she says she wants to go her own way. Then Stalin dies and Ivan, on duty to control the crowds waiting to view the corpse, sees Katya being jostled in the crush. He rushes in to rescue her and, this time, she is ready to accept his protection.
Dance Pretty Lady	British	drama	Anthony Asquith	During the Edwardian era, a working-class ballet dancer begins a romance with a wealthy artist against a background of sharp disapproval.[2][3]
The End of the Road	British	drama	Wolf Rilla	A veteran worker refuses to accept when he has retirement forced upon him by his employers.
Too Young to Love	British	drama	Muriel Box	In juvenile court, 15-year-old Elizabeth (Pauline Hahn) recounts her story (in flashback) before the judge. Elizabeth lives with her working mother in New York while her father is away working in California. Elizabeth's tale is one of parental neglect and lack of guidance. She gets in with the wrong crowd. After an affair with a sailor, she has an abortion and is eventually arrested for teenage prostitution. The judge (Thomas Mitchell) is sympathetic, but Elizabeth's fate hangs in the balance.
Bab El Hadid (Cairo Station, The Iron Gate)	Egyptian	drama	Youssef Chahine	A newsstand owner takes pity on Qinawi, a lame young man, and gives him a job selling newspapers in the Cairo train station. The women there all shun him because of his mild handicap, though he has little trouble walking. Qinawi becomes obsessed with Hannuma, a beautiful cold drink vendor. But she is engaged to Abu Siri, a husky luggage porter who is trying to organize his co-workers into a union to better their lot. Nonetheless, Qinawi proposes to her. When she rejects his fantasy of a home and children in his village, Qinawi's obsession turns to madness. Inspired by an unsolved murder in the news, he buys a knife and plots to kill Hannuma. When the local policemen try to catch Hannuma and the other women illegally selling drinks, she asks Qinawi to take her incriminating drink bucket and hide it. He seeks to lure her to a warehouse to pick it up, but she asks a friend to get it instead. In the darkness, Qinawi does not notice the substitution; he stabs the other woman repeatedly, then hides the body in a wooden crate supposedly holding Hannuma's trousseau. Then he gets Abu Siri to put it aboard a train for Hannuma's impending wedding. The woman is not dead, however. She is found, and the station is alerted. The men who stand to lose by Abu Siri's unionization at first try to pin the attempted murder on him, but the would-be victim identifies her real assailant. Meanwhile, unaware of her near escape from death, Hannuma goes to get her bucket. Qinawi chases her through the rail yard and catches her, holding a knife to her head to keep the crowd at bay. The newsstand owner tells Qinawi that he will be allowed to marry Hannuma and coaxes him into putting on his wedding garment. Qinawi complies, then realizes he has donned a straitjacket. He struggles, but is taken away.
No Love for Johnnie	British	drama	Ralph Thomas	Johnnie is re-elected with the ruling Labour Party, but is disappointed not to receive an invitation to join the Government. As his wife leaves him, he joins a conspiratorial group working against the centrist government. Mary, the single woman upstairs adores him but they never quite become a couple. Johnnie falls in love with a 20-year-old student/model Pauline, and misses an important speech because he is in bed with her. His conspirators turn against him and cause his constituents to attempt to unseat him. He narrowly escapes a vote of no-confidence in his constituency, and goes in search of Pauline who has ended their relationship, still in love, but knows it is not the right relationship for her. He goes back home, to find his wife wants to try again and she gives him her contact phone number. The Prime Minister offers him a post, and reveals that the reason Johnnie was not offered one before was due to his wife's communist connections. Johnnie tears up the paper with his wife's phone number and embraces his role in government. Finch won two film awards for this performance - one a BAFTA, and the other the Silver Bear for Best Actor at the 11th Berlin International Film Festival.[1]
The Guinea Pig	British	drama	Roy Boulting	The guinea pig is 14-year-old Jack Read (played by 25-year-old Richard Attenborough), a tobacconist's son who, following the Fleming Report,[3] is given a scholarship to Saintbury, an exclusive public school. Only after the changes wreaked by the Second World War, could such a scenario be imagined. Of course, Read's uncouth behaviour causes him difficulties in fitting into the school.
City Hall	American	drama	Harold Becker	In New York City, Detective Eddie Santos and mob figure Tino Zapatti kill each other in a shootout; a stray bullet also kills a child passing by. In the wake of the tragedy, questions are raised as to why Judge Walter Stern, an old friend of the ambitious Mayor John Pappas, had previously set the criminal responsible free on probation. Pappas' loyal deputy mayor, Kevin Calhoun, decides to dig for answers. Meanwhile, legal aid Marybeth Cogan uncovers a conspiracy to smear Santos. Calhoun's investigation leads to Frank Anselmo, a Brooklyn politician who has connections to Tino's uncle, crime boss Paul Zapatti. Anselmo plants money at Zapatti's behest to frame Santos. Calhoun and Cogan continue to seek the truth from a number of sources, including Santos' partner and another Zapatti relative. After the murder of probation officer Larry Schwartz, they ultimately conclude that Judge Stern had to be on the take. Pappas agrees that Stern must resign. The scandal snowballs to the point where Zapatti instructs Anselmo to commit suicide rather than become an informer or go to jail. To protect his family, Anselmo shoots himself. Calhoun uncovers evidence that Pappas put Stern together with Anselmo to receive a bribe and leave the young Zapatti on the street. Calhoun soon tells Pappas there is only one choice—to quit as mayor and leave politics for good. (You're gonna take yourself out, John. You're gonna take yourself out.)
Curtin	Australian	drama	Jessica Hobbs	The film covers the period from just before Curtin became Prime Minister until the return of the 6th and 7th Divisions to Australia at the start of the Pacific war.
Uniform	Chinese	drama	Diao Yi'nan	Wang Xiaojian (Liang Hongli) is a down-and-out slacker in a small town in China's industrial Shaanxi province. His father, a factory worker, has fallen ill, and prospects for both Xiaojian and his family look dim. Stuck working in his family's tailoring and laundry shop, one day, Xiaojian comes across the freshly laundered uniform of a police officer. Attempting to deliver it, he discovers that the police office who the uniform was intended had been injured and would not be back on the job for a few weeks. Wandering home, Xiaojian decides to try the uniform on. Suddenly, Xiaojian's life begins to turn around as people mistake him for a police officer, a mistake he quickly capitalizes on. Using the uniform, Xiaojian begins stopping motorists and bus drivers in order to shake them down for bribes in order to pay for his father's medical expenses. Less noble, he uses the uniform to begin wooing a pretty clerk, Zheng Shasha (Zeng Xueqiong). As they begin seeing each other more regularly, however, it becomes clear that Xiaojian is not the only one living a double life.
Four in the Morning	British	drama	Anthony Simmons	The plot revolves around the lives of two couples living in London and how they are connected to the body of a young woman found drowned in the River Thames. These two couples do not know each other.
 Dressmaker, TheThe Dressmaker	Australian	drama	Jocelyn Moorhouse	In 1926 in the Australian outback town of Dungatar, schoolboy Stewart Pettyman dies in unknown circumstances. The only witness to his death, schoolgirl Myrtle Dunnage, is branded a murderer and exiled from the town by Stewart's father and town councillor, Evan Pettyman (Shane Bourne). Twenty-five years later in 1951, Myrtle, now an accomplished dressmaker and going by the name Tilly (Kate Winslet), returns to her hometown to take care of her ill mother Molly (Judy Davis). Upon arrival, she is greeted by local police sergeant Horatio Farrat (Hugo Weaving), who is secretly a cross-dresser. Tilly returns home to find the house squalid and her mother plainly mentally ill which has earned Tilly's mother the nickname Mad Molly throughout town. Unable to remember the events of 1926, Tilly asks her mother about Stewart Pettyman's death, as she believes that day left her cursed. Molly claims to know nothing about the incident. The entire town is quickly alerted to Tilly's return, as well as William Beaumont (James Mackay), son of the wealthy and snobbish Elsbeth Beaumont (Caroline Goodall). Gertrude Pratt (Sarah Snook), the daughter of the owners of the town's general store, harbours feelings for William, but lacks the confidence to tell him. The town gathers for the local football final game, and everyone is shocked when Tilly turns up to the match in a bright red couture gown that distracts the Dungatar players. During the interval, the handsome Teddy McSwiney (Liam Hemsworth) confronts Tilly about her distracting dress, and Tilly agrees to change. After changing into a black but equally alluring outfit, Tilly gives her business card to Gertrude, offering to make her a dress for the upcoming footballers dance. The last quarter of the game begins, with the teams having swapped ends of the field. Due to this, the opposing team from the nearby town of Winyerp are distracted by Tilly's dress, and Dungatar emerges as the winner. Later, Gertrude arrives at Molly's house to take up Tilly's offer. Tilly agrees to make the dress in exchange for the truth about Stewart Pettyman's death. Gertrude reveals that Tilly had hidden from Stewart Pettyman who had been bullying her mercilessly, but that she revealed Tilly's location in self-defence. Subsequently, Stewart died, but in circumstances unknown to her. Despite feeling betrayed by Gertrude, Tilly agrees to make the dress for her. At the footballers dance, Gertrude's dress is a huge success, and she successfully uses it to capture the attention of William. They later become engaged. Soon, all of the townspeople begin asking Tilly for extravagant dresses. Simultaneously, Teddy pursues a romantic relationship with Tilly. Tilly and Sergeant Farrat also bond over their shared passion for designer clothing, and they form a friendship. Noticing that Tilly is beginning to regain the favour of the townspeople, Councillor Pettyman recruits dressmaker Una Pleasance (Sacha Horler) to start a rival dressmaking service to steal Tilly's business. This is initially successful, but when Gertrude hires Tilly to create her wedding dress, the rest of the townspeople return to Tilly, ruining Una. Tilly uses a feather boa to bribe Sergeant Farrat into letting her read her former schoolteacher Beulah Harridiene's (Kerry Fox) witness statement from the day Stewart Pettyman died. Upon reading it, Tilly discovers that Beulah's statement is false. On the day of Gertrude and William's wedding, Tilly confronts Beulah, and she admits to lying in her witness statement as she was afraid Evan would blame her for Stewart's death. Tilly rushes to the wedding reception, where she tells Sergeant Farrat about Beulah's lies. Tilly claims that Pettyman had no right to send her away, but Farrat reveals that Pettyman is Tilly's father and that he had a right as a parent. Meanwhile, Beulah approaches Pettyman's anxious wife Marigold (Alison Whyte), who became a recluse after the death of her son. Marigold is the only resident unaware of the rumour that Tilly murdered her son, but Beulah reveals this information to her. Marigold breaks down and starts yelling at Tilly, labelling her a murderer. Tilly runs from the reception, but Teddy chases after her after his developmentally disabled brother, Barney (Gyton Grantley), hysterically said Tilly moved when Stewart died. Teddy takes Tilly to the schoolhouse, where Tilly begins to remember the events surrounding Stewart Pettyman's death. Stewart had subdued her against a wall, threatening to come at night to murder her mother and assault her if she moved. He charged head-down at her, intending to injure her. Instead, she moved aside at the last moment, and Stewart hit his head on the wall and broke his neck. Teddy reveals that Barney had been sitting on the town silo at the time and saw the whole thing, but due to being developmentally disabled, no-one thought to ask him and he was afraid people would think he was lying and send him away. Tilly and Teddy then go to his caravan and consummate their relationship, after which Tilly begins to believe that she might no longer be cursed. Later, she and Teddy sit on top of the town silo. Teddy shows off by jumping into the silo, despite Tilly's warning cries. Unbeknownst to them the silo holds sorghum, and Teddy suffocates as he sinks into the grain. Tilly becomes depressed after Teddy's death until her mother tells her the story about how Evan knew about Tilly but never came by as she wasn't a son, and when Stewart died he had Tilly sent away to hurt Molly. She then encourages her to continue dressmaking and use her talents against the townspeople. While out in town, Molly suffers a stroke, and later dies. Only Tilly and Sergeant Farrat attend the funeral. Molly's death sets off a chain of disturbing and macabre events. While Tilly and Farrat are holding a wake for Molly, Beulah snoops around the house. Tilly drunkenly objects to the music on the portable record player, and throws it off the verandah, where it hits Beulah and injures her. Beulah is last seen being helped onto the train to Melbourne, ostensibly for treatment but really to be placed in an asylum. Percival Almanac (Barry Otto), the cruel town chemist who mistreated Tilly as a child, accidentally drowns in a pond at the back of his house. It is discovered that Almanac's wife Irma (Julia Blake) was unable to save her husband due to being under the influence of hash brownies, which had been baked by Molly. In order to prevent Tilly's arrest, Sergeant Farrat takes the blame. He is then removed from the town by his superiors, something which greatly upsets Tilly. Tilly visits Marigold and reveals that her husband has been conducting numerous extramarital affairs, including with Una and that she is Evan's daughter. Marigold confronts her husband about his unfaithfulness, how he ruined Molly and Tilly's life and for stealing the money her father had left for her when he died, and subsequently cuts through his Achilles tendons and leaves him to bleed to death. The remaining townspeople travel to the neighbouring town of Winyerp to perform in a competitive Eisteddfod. Once there, they are shocked to discover that Tilly has designed and sewn all of the costumes for Winyerp's performance. While the townspeople are away, Tilly sets fire to her house and to a bolt of red fabric soaked in kerosene that is rolled out down the hill towards the town. Tilly states that she is no longer cursed, and leaves the town by train, her sewing machine her only luggage. The townspeople, seemingly having lost the Eisteddfod, return to the town to find that it has burned down.
Gangajatra	Bangladeshi	drama	Syed Wahiduzzaman Diamond	Rupa's (Shimla) husband sells her and her daughter Nipa (Sabrina) to a whore house for money. There Rupa wants to get back her usual life and believed her client Ratan (Sacchu) but he betrayed with her. in the meantime, whore house owner insists her to serve the clients in front of her child. As a result, she gets frustrated with her life and commit suicide along with her child. Prokash (Ferdous) and Sudhamoni (Popy) carried these two dead body for funeral. But people of the society impede them; even those two corpse do not get any government land. Now, it's time for Prokash and Sudhamoni to make a proper funeral of them.[3]
McFarland, USA	American	drama	Niki Caro	Jim White, a football coach, loses his job and moves with his family to take a new job at McFarland High School in McFarland, California, which is predominantly Latino. Discovering that some of his students are strong runners, he organizes a boys' cross country team with seven members who have little hope for their future. They become a close-knit, mutually supportive unit. Under White's guidance the school's cross country team becomes outstandingly successful, winning nine state titles over the years. With respect to that first team, all its members escaped from the cycle of poverty in their lives, being first in their families to go to college or into military careers. Almost all members continue to attend the practice that Jim White held for successive school cross country teams even after graduation from college.
The Cabinet of Caligari	British	drama	Roger Kay	Motorist Jane Lindstrom (Glynis Johns) has a tire blowout and seeks assistance at an estate owned by Caligari (Dan O'Herlihy), a very polite man with a Welsh accent. After spending the night she finds that Caligari will not let her leave; he proceeds to ask some personal questions and shows her pictures that offend her. Prevented by guards from leaving and unable to use the telephone, Jane seeks allies among the other guests. She finds only three possible candidates: the older Paul, the younger Mark (Dick Davalos), for whom she has romantic desires, and a lively elderly woman named Ruth (Estelle Winwood). After seeing Ruth tortured, Jane goes to Paul who convinces her to confront Caligari. Jane does so and tries to seduce him, as she suspects he has been spying on her in the bath. After her attempts fail, Caligari reveals that he and Paul and are one and the same person, Jane runs down a corridor of wildly shifting imagery that acts as a transition. Finally it is revealed that Jane is a mental patient and everything the audience has seen up to this point has been her distortion of the institute she was in: The personal questions were psychoanalysis, the pictures were Rorschach blots, Ruth's torture was shock treatment, and even Caligari's coat of arms was a distorted version of the medical caduceus symbol. Cured, Jane is taken from the asylum by Mark, now revealed to be her son.
I Was Happy Here	British	drama	Desmond Davis	Cass followed the bright lights to London, but was quickly disillusioned. She met (and married) Doctor Langdon, and soon realized she wanted to return to her home by the sea, and her first love Colin.
The Amateur Gentleman	British	drama	Maurice Elvey	In Regency Britain a young man tries to establish his father's innocence of an accused crime, by travelling to London disguised as a gentleman.
Chhoti Bahu	Bollywood	drama	K.B. Tilak	Radha (Sharmila Tagore) was the only daughter of a rich merchant. She suffers from epilepsy, triggered especially by the removal of a little doll she always carries with her. Madhu (Rajesh Khanna) was a young doctor, practicing in a village. He lives along with his older brother Shriram (Tarun Bose) and sister-in-law Sita (Nirupa Roy). A local unqualified medical practitioner, whose business got a big hit by the practice of Madhu, begrudgingly arranges a match between Madhu and Radha, hiding her illness. Madhu marries her without knowing the problem she has. Immediately after the wedding, Madhu and his family members come to know of Radha's illness and they accept her as wedding has already taken place. After seeing that Radha's attack subsided with the touch of Gopi (son of Shriram and Sita), Sita lets her have him herself. Radha feels so happy and starts taking care of Gopi as her own son. Years pass and Gopi, now seven years old, grows up thinking of Radha as his mother. Things go well till Madhu and Shriram's sister Paro comes along with her husband and son to stay with them. Her son Niku (Mehmood Jr.), with his playful attitude, spoils Gopi too, much to the worry of Radha. Later, Paro starts misunderstandings between Radha and Sita, that go to a bigger level because of Radha's innocence and Sita's indolence. Moreover, Paro frightens little Gopi that if he sees his mother, she would die. Frightened Gopi stays away from Radha, much to the agony of Radha. Gradually, she falls ill and her condition becomes critical. While everyone is puzzled by Gopi's behavior, Niku carefully extracts the reason for his behavior. He tells that to everyone. Everyone scolds Paro and convinces Gopi that his mother wouldn't die if he talks to her. Gopi comes to Radha and her illness goes away. Even bitterness between Radha and Sita goes away and they start living together happily as before.
The Angel with the Trumpet	British	drama	Anthony Bushell	The head of a Viennese piano manufacturing firm marries the daughter of a Jewish academic. She has loved the Habsburg Crown Prince who can not marry her.[5]
The Return of Carol Deane	British	drama	Arthur B. Woods	In the London of 1912, Carol Deane (Daniels) becomes famous for a portrait of her painted by artist Mark Poynton (Arthur Margetson), who is infatuated with her. Carol however marries Lord Robert Brenning (Michael Drake), much to the chagrin of Poynton. She gives birth to a son then with the outbreak of World War I, Lord Robert goes off to fight on the Western Front while Carol becomes a nurse. Poynton is admitted as a patient to Carol's hospital, and tells her he is still in love with her. Carol tries to make light of his persistence, but after being released Poynton calls her to insist that she come to see him, threatening that if she does not, he will make her the subject of a public scandal. Carol goes to visit Poynton, who pulls a gun on her, demanding that she return to live with him. There is a struggle, during which Carol accidentally shoots Poynton dead. Carol goes on trial for murder and Lord Robert is summoned as a character witness, but is killed in action before the trial begins. Carol is found not guilty of murder but guilty of manslaughter, and is sentenced to a lengthy term of imprisonment. Her son grows up knowing nothing of his mother or her crime, and on her release in the late 1920s Carol relocates to New York. She meets Englishman Francis Scott-Vaughan (Wyndham Goldie) and becomes involved in his shady gambling businesses. Ten years later the pair return to England to set up a similar establishment in London. On the opening evening she recognises one of the punters as her son (Peter Coke), now married and whose photographs she has seen in newspapers. He has the air of a compulsive gambler, and Carol engineers proceedings to prevent him from losing large sums of money in wagers. She takes him under her wing and helps him repair his relationship with his wife, who had been aghast to discover his gambling habits. Carol never reveals that she is his mother, and soon contact between them is lost again.[1]
Raag: The Rhythm of Love	Assamese	drama	Rajni Basumatary	Raag is set in Delhi where Radhika (Zerifa Wahid), a Hindustani singer, lives with her businessman husband Alok (Kenny Basumatary). They first met during one of Radhika's musical performances in Guwahati several years ago. Despite their different philosophies of life they fall in love with each other and get married. Due to Alok’s career change, they later relocate to Delhi. Even after seven years of marriage Alok is still not ready to become a father. He starts to ignore Radhika as an individual and as an artiste. Her music that apparently made him fall in love with her has now become unappealing. Radhika meets her neighbour Iqbal (Adil Hussain), a painter. Soon they become friends. Surajeet Sahay, whose terrace Iqbal has been using as his shelter and his studio for last ten years, wants Iqbal to vacate the place. The flat was actually Iqbal’s. He had to sell it to Sahay as Iqbal could not arrange money to send off his wife, Natalie (Natasha Mago), and daughter, Noor, to Prague. Iqbal had stayed back on the terrace of the flat, as he didn't want to stay away from the place that holds memories of his wife and daughter, Noor. Now Surajeet Sahay wants to sell off the flat and migrate to Canada. Radhika arranges an exhibition of Iqbal's painting to help him buy the house back. But she fails at that. Just then Partho (Kopil Bora), her childhood singer friend reappears in her life. He was secretly in love with Radhika but had let her go her way when he found out that she married Alok. With his great marketing and PR skills, Partho helps Radhika to organise another exhibition of Iqbal’s painting, which deservedly turns out to be a smashing hit. Iqbal gets his house back. Partho goes back to Guwahati. Alok, on the other hand, made love without precautions and impregnates his colleague Nandini during one of their business trips outside Delhi. Radhika came to know about it. But they both (Alok and Nandini) claim that it was just an accident and that there is no emotional involvement from either side. It is a decisive moment for Radhika to choose amongst Alok, Iqbal and Partho. The script does not show the decision Radhika made and leaves it open for interpretations. Flashforwarding to five years, the film ends with Radhika and Partho singing jugalbandi on a performance stage and Iqbal and a four-year-old girl sitting among the audience and enjoying the jugalbandi.
Moonlight Sonata	British	drama	Lothar Mendes	In Sweden, Eric Molander (Charles Farrell) professes his love for Ingrid (Barbara Greene), the beautiful young granddaughter of baroness Lindenborg (Marie Tempest). Meanwhile, in the nearby countryside, a plane with Paderewski and two other passengers on board is forced to land due to mechanical problems. The travellers take refuge at the baroness's country estate; one of them, worldly Mario de la Costa (Eric Portman), steals the naive young Ingrid away from her lover. With Paderewski's help --- he plays a hauntingly beautiful rendition of Beethoven's Moonlight Sonata which soothingly calms the flighty-minded Ingrid and allows her to come to her senses --- Eric exposes Mario as a shameless fortune-hunter who already has a wife, and the young hero and heroine are reunited. Seen at the beginning of the film as a happily married couple who are attending one of Mr. Paderewski's packed piano recitals, Eric and Ingrid have become the joyful parents of an adorable curly-headed little damsel who herself gets to meet the great artist in person at the concert; at Ingrid's request, he then plays the Moonlight Sonata as his finale. It is also revealed that Mr. Paderewski's playing of this very same lovely melody two decades earlier had fortuitously brought Ingrid's own parents together, as well.
Güneşi Gördüm	Turkish	drama	Mahsun Kırmızıgül	The film tells of a Kurdish family who head to İstanbul from their village in southeastern Turkey. Part of the family tries to emigrate to Norway.
Funny Money	British	drama	James Kenelm Clarke	A pair of credit card thieves flee Las Vegas for London where they shelter in the Londonderry Hotel.
I Love You, I Love You Not	American	drama	Billy Hopkins	The film is told through the stories of two women: Nana, a grandmother, and Daisy, her granddaughter. Daisy tells Nana of her strong and blossoming romance with a young man named Ethan and her problems at school because she's Jewish. Nana tells the story of her young life when she was sent to a ghetto and then a concentration camp. The romantic love feelings she has for the boy are indeed strong and genuine, but the romantic love he has for her is questionable. He lets his friends judge her from the outside, not for who she is on the inside, and when she turns out to not be like every other girl he breaks up with her. Daisy is sad so she goes and sees Nana and takes her anger out on her. She then runs away and tries to kill herself but she does not. At the end, she tries to see him again but he looks at her for a long time and walks away with his friends. She stands there; heartbroken, sad and crying, realizing that maybe it was not meant to be and she walks away happy.
Madness of the Heart	British	drama	Charles Bennett	Lydia Garth meets Paul de Vandiere, a French nobleman, but their romance is plagued by Lydia's complaint of recurring spells of blurred vision. Paul leaves for France, promising to return and marry Lydia, but she loses her sight while he is gone. Given no hope of recovery, she enters a convent and quickly finds that she has no vocation for life in a nunnery. She finally marries Paul, but encounters strong opposition from Verite Faimont, a neighbor who is very fond of Paul. The latter constantly plots against Lydia and is successful in temporarily breaking up the marriage, but can a miracle of restored vision be seen?
A Dry White Season	American	drama	Euzhan Palcy	In 1976, in South Africa during apartheid, Ben Du Toit (Donald Sutherland) is a South African school teacher at a school for whites only. One day the son of his gardener, Gordon Ngubene (Winston Ntshona), gets beaten by the white police after he gets caught by the police during a peaceful demonstration for a better education policy for black people in South Africa. Gordon asks Ben for help. After Ben refuses to help because of his trust in the police, Gordon gets caught by the police as well and is tortured by Captain Stolz (Jürgen Prochnow). Against the will of his family, Ben tries to find out more about the disappearance of his gardener by himself. Seeing the disenfranchisement and helplessness of the black people, he decides to bring this incident up before a court with Ian McKenzie (Marlon Brando) as lawyer but loses. Afterwards, he continues to act by himself and supports a small group of blacks, including his driver Stanley Makhaya (Zakes Mokae), to interview others to find out what happened to Gordon. The white police notices their intentions and detains some responsible persons. To file a civil suit, Ben collects affidavits and hides the information at his house. Ben lets his son in on his plans. His son and his daughter both get to know the hiding spots, and after the police searched through Ben's house earlier, there is an explosion next to the hiding spot because the daughter betrayed it to the police, but the son saved the documents. Gordon's wife, Emily (Thoko Ntshinga), is killed when she refuses to be evicted from her home. Ben's wife and daughter leave. The daughter offers her father to get the documents to a safer place. They meet at a restaurant and Ben gives her the fake documents, which she delivers to the Captain Stolz. Instead of giving her the documents, Ben gave her a book about art. At the end, Ben is run over by Stolz. Stolz is shot by Stanley in revenge.
Anamika	Bollywood	drama	Raghunath Jhalani	Devendra Dutt (Sanjeev Kumar) is a famous writer and a misogynist. One night, while returning from a meeting, he sees a young woman thrown out of a moving car. His uncle insists they take her home and get her medical attention. He hesitatingly agrees and takes her to their home. Next morning, the young woman (Jaya Bhaduri) regains consciousness, but is suffering from amnesia. She can't remember anything except that she is married to Devendra. She can't remember anything from her past - not even her name except that she is Mrs. Dutt. Everyone tries to convince her otherwise, but she insists she is in her own home. Seeing her fragile state, Devendra and his uncle decide to let her stay until someone comes for her. They call her Anamika (meaning a woman with no name). They post an advertisement for her in the newspaper, but receive no response. Meanwhile, Devendra slowly grows close to her and secretly wishes that she would stay forever. On his uncle's suggestion, Devendra takes her to Shimla on holiday to further help her fragile recovery. There, he sees Anamika's photo in a studio and on further inquiry comes to know that she is the wife of a businessman. Though heartbroken by the realization that she is married, he goes to meet the businessman. Here, he is shocked to learn that Anamika isn't the businessman's wife, but his employee/escort who accompanied him on his holiday to Shimla the previous year. Being already dumped by a former fiancée, Devendra believes that Anamika, like all women, is immoral and after his money and throws her out of his house. He later meets her at a ceremony where she is introduced to him as Mrs. Kashyap. Confused, Devendra requests her to tell him the truth. She narrates her past in flashback - an ardent fan of Devendra's novels, she was infatuated with him while in college. However, incessantly pursued by her classmate Naresh, and helpless by her poverty, which is worsened by her mother's ill-health, she finally agrees to marriage. On her wedding night, she learns that she is married to Naresh's brother, who deserts her the same night believing himself undeserving of Anamika. Naresh now takes advantage of his brother's absence and continues to harass her. She escapes from the house and joins a modeling company. There, her boss tries to take advantage of her and when she resists, he blames her for the incident. She quits her job and Rubai (Helen), who had recommended her to the modeling job, outwardly sympathizes with her and puts her up in what she claims is a working women's hostel. A few days later, Anamika gets arrested with the rest of the girls in a police raid, which is when she realizes she had been staying at a brothel. But she is later released, based on the testimony of the other inmates and her own statement against Rubai. Rubai tries to exact revenge on Anamika for this and sends her goons to kill her. While attempting to escape the goons, Anamika jumps out of a moving car on the night that Devendra finds her. Anamika tells Devendra that when she regained her consciousness and discovered that she was at her favorite author's house, she decided to stay, come what may. After listening all this, Devendra reconciles with her and fights away Naresh, who tries to harass her.
Mozambique	British	drama	Ralph Lynn	An American pilot assists the Portuguese colonial police who are battling a gang of criminals involved in drug smuggling from Lisbon via Mozambique to Zanzibar.
Khandhar	Bollywood	drama	Mrinal Sen	Three friends from the city visit some ruins where an aged mother (Gita Sen) and her daughter Jamini (Shabana Azmi) live. Mother awaits the arrival of a distant cousin to marry Jamini, but the man is already married and living in Calcutta. The photographer Subhash (Naseeruddin Shah) takes pity on the family and pretends to be the awaited suitor. The mother dies contented. When the threesome leave again, Jamini stays behind, facing a life of loneliness in the ruins.
Andre's Mother	American	drama	Deborah Reinisch	The play is set at the Manhattan memorial service for Andre Gerard, who died of AIDS and was buried in Dallas several weeks earlier. Andre's mother Katharine cannot come to terms with his death or share her grief with Cal, Andre's lover. Her rage is directed not only at the man she never accepted and her own mother, who was less judgmental of her grandson's life, but at Andre himself as well.
The Heart of a Man	British	drama	Herbert Wilcox	Sailor Frankie Martin is offered a thousand pounds by an eccentric tramp if he can earn a hundred pounds in a week by honest means. Frankie tries his hand as a boxer, a bouncer and a commissionaire, and finally finds success as a singer. He also falls for the charms of night club chanteuse Julie, and this leads to further success when he wins a recording contract.
Jamai Raja	Bollywood	drama	A. Kodandarami Reddy	Durgeshwari Devi (Hema Malini) is a very rich and proud lady. She stays in her palace-like home with her two sons Dheeraj and Neeraj, her daughter Rekha (Madhuri Dixit), her brother, nicknamed DDT (Anupam Kher), and his close friend, nicknamed BBC (Satish Kaushik) along with her personal secretary, Shakti. Rekha studies in a medical college in Bombay. Durgeshwari Devi has full control over her home and company and is feared by all. Her ambitions of wedding Rekha in a rich family like hers seem to fail when Rekha falls in love with Raja (Anil Kapoor). Raja is an unemployed, poor but smart and educated man. Durgeshwari, seeing him as a smart fellow, puts a condition for agreeing to the marriage which would humiliate him and thus make him back out. She asks Raja to live with them after the marriage and not other way round, where the bride goes to live at groom's home. Duregeshwari tries many tricks to humiliate, demean and even portray a false image of Raja in front of Rekha with help of all her aides. But it's all in vain, Raja outdoes her tricks and eventually also enters in her good books.
Mad Love	American	drama	Antonia Bird	In Seattle, straight-laced Matt Leland (O'Donnell) falls in love with Casey Roberts (Barrymore), the new girl at their high school who's from Chicago. They begin a sexual relationship. His father disapproves of this and her parents try to stop them from continuing to see each other. She deliberately sets off the fire alarm at school, knowing that there is no fire there, and is subsequently suspended. She has an argument with her parents when they tell her they are sending her to a boarding school. She takes an overdose and her parents subsequently arrange to have her committed. Matt helps Casey escape from an acute psychiatric ward, and as they run away they both deal with her borderline personality disorder. Casey is eccentric in nature. Her impulsiveness and extreme risk-taking attitude and behavior is attributed to her illness, in which she experiences severe highs and lows of emotion. Her frequent intense feelings, of passion towards Matt and of fear and destructiveness, dominate her persona. Throughout the relationship, Matt selflessly puts her needs before his. The severity of this increases as her mental state worsens. Heading toward Mexico in his SUV, Casey becomes increasingly reckless and over-emotional. They crash and abandon the vehicle. They hitchhike, accepting a lift from a salesman (Liev Schreiber). He puts his hand on her crotch and Casey puts her lit cigarette on his face. He throws her out and a fight ensues between him and Matt. They steal his car and continue their journey. Casey becomes more distressed and Matt does his best to help her. He becomes scared, and after Casey threatens suicide, and also threatens to kill Matt with a gun she took from the glove compartment in the salesman's car, they return to Seattle and their families, where she is readmitted to the psychiatric hospital. Matt goes home and later receives a letter from Casey telling him she has moved back to Chicago and now feels significantly better. Casey says she has good memories of their time together.
Maa Aur Mamta	Bollywood	drama	Asit Sen	Maya (Nutan), a poor girl, is the daughter of a chaprasi named Gopal (Shivraj) who works for a kind-hearted Catholic priest, Father Henry (Rehman). One night, while her father is dying, there is a knock on the door. Maya opens it, only to find Father Henry rushing in with a babe in arms. He gives the child in Maya's care and begs her to guard the child until he returns to claim it. Maya's father dies. Father Henry disappears, and Maya is left literally holding the baby. The local panchayat, believing the worst, drive her away. Coming to Bombay, Maya and the child, whom she has named Ram, find shelter in the home of a good-hearted taxi-driver named Cassim (Jayant). Years pass and Ram (Jeetendra) grows up into a fine and handsome young man, a college-going student. In the course of time, Cassam gives up taxi-driving to become a chauffeur in the employment of Mr. Williams (Ashok Kumar), a wealthy Catholic businessman. Cassim learns that Mrs. Williams (Nirupa Roy) is suffering from a nervous breakdown because she had a son who was spirited away when he was just born, and that child was not found again. Taking pity on Mrs. Williams' condition, Cassim suggests to Maya to take up a job in the Williams household as a nurse to the lady. Here, Maya finds that the Williams have got an adopted son Victor (Roopesh Kumar). This boy is actually the son of Mr. Williams brother Mr. Peter (Karan Dewan) and Mrs. Peter (Shabnam). Both Ram and Victor study in the same College and both of them are claimants for the affections of Mary (Mumtaz) a rich only daughter. Because Mary loves Ram and not Victor, the latter is always tanning Ram about his unknown parentage. He says, Your mother is a Hindu and your grandfather a Muslim but where is your father?. Events take a dramatic turn when Maya learns the whole story of the disappearance of the Williams real child. She fears that Ram may be snatched away from her at any moment. Rams love, however, is steady as a rock. Even Mary's love cannot make him turn away from his mother Maya. Mary's father wants Ram to get converted before marrying Mary, but Ram refuses, saying My religion is my mother. I cannot change either. Finally, both Mr. and Mrs. Williams learn the truth. And then fate makes everybody's footsteps converge towards the home of the poor but good-hearted Muslim taxi-driver, where a great drama of emotional turmoil and drama reaches its consummation.
Aborto	Bengali	drama	Arindam Sil	Shyamal Sen (Tota Roychowdhury) is GM sales for an MNC and is competing for the Vice President post of his company alongside Ranadip aka Runu Sanyal (Saswata Chatterjee). Shyamal hails from a middle-class family in Sonarpur where he has grown up with his elder brother (Kaushik Ganguly). He is now married to Charu(Joya Ahsan). Shyamal has always been jealous of his elder brother because he felt that his elder brother got all the attention in the family and was more intelligent among the siblings. He burned off his brother's certificates in a fit of rage as a child. This is shown in the film's opening credits. When Charu conceives, Shyamal persuades her for an abortion saying he has a training in London and cannot jeopardize his career at this juncture. Shyamal gradually becomes distant from his family in pursuit of a successful career. He moves to a swanky apartment in Kolkata leaving behind his ancestral home in Shonarpur. They soon adapt to the hi-life in Kolkata however his wife Charu still longs for the simple life back in Sonarpur. The plot heats up when Runu Sanyal tries to sign up Hari Bose (Abir Chatterjee) as the brand ambassador for their company and Shyamal tries to crack a successful deal. Both of them confident that these achievements could put them in the VP's shoes. In the meanwhile Charu meets Hari Bose at the club. Hari is attracted to her and they end up going on a date on her birthday. The rat race gets dirty when Runu Sanyal uncovers the fact that Shyamal has slept with his Assistant Duli (Reshmi Ghosh) while they were gone for a business trip and this puts Shyamal in a dicy position. Unable to face the truth Shyamal escaped to his ancestral home in Sonarpur and finds solace in his brother's kind words. On Charu's insistence Hari Bose turns down the deal with the company saying that Runu Sanyal has made this agreement with him on an understanding that he has to impart a percentage of his remuneration to Runu. All these incidents lead the Chairman of the company to select Shyamal as the new VP. Assistant Duli delivers the letter to Shyamal's residence. The film ends as Shyamal, now a changed man comes back to his wife and she welcomes the Vice President home.
Ami Aar Amar Girlfriends	Bengali	drama	Mainak Bhaumik	Ami Aar Amar Girlfriends is an out of the bracket tale of about three women, who belong to different spheres of the society professionally. The film showcases them having once in a lifetime trip and sharing their experiences and realizations of life from the dimension in which they have faced it. Previously on numerous occasions audience have witnessed stories friendship and bonding among men onscreen, but this is the first opportunity to take a dive inside women's world and the rhythm of their heartbeat.
Fearless	American	drama	Peter Weir	While taking a business trip, architect Max Klein (Jeff Bridges) survives a crash of a flight headed from San Francisco to Houston. As the plane descends, Max inexplicably becomes at peace when he accepts he is going to die. The revelation inspires him to comfort many of the fearful passengers, even moving to sit next to Byron Hummel (Daniel Cerny), a young boy flying alone. The psychological trauma of the experience transforms Max's personality and he enters an altered state of consciousness, rethinking his life and becoming preoccupied with the eternal meanings and the existential questions of life and death itself. Max's reaction to this awakening itself questions the reality of what is real and unreal and what his mind perceives as real through his interaction with others and the chance of living again in everyday life. Immediately after the crash, Max, one of the plane's few survivors, rents a car and drives from the crash site in Bakersfield to Los Angeles, stopping on the way to visit his old high school sweetheart, Alison (Debra Monk), whom he hasn't seen in 20 years. During their meal at a restaurant Alison notices Max eating a strawberry and inquires about his allergy to them. Max grins and explains he's gotten past his allergic reaction and somehow, confidently finishes it with no problems. He's tracked down at a hotel room the next morning by F.B.I. agents who question his odd choice to not contact his wife and family or remain at the crash site with the other survivors. The airline sends a representative who compensates him with train tickets to go home to San Francisco. Max declines the tickets, stating adamantly that he wants to fly home and has no fear of air travel anymore. On the flight he meets Dr. Bill Perlman (John Turturro), an airline-contracted psychiatrist who offers to counsel Max for post-traumatic stress disorder. Dr. Perlman accompanies Max back to his home where his wife Laura (Isabella Rossellini) begins noticing his strange behavior. Max matter-of-factly tells Nan Gordon (Deirdre O'Connell), the wife of his friend and business partner, that her husband Jeff (John de Lancie) died in the crash. The media dubs Max The Good Samaritan and tries to interview him as Byron comes to publicly thank him for the way he comforted the passengers during the crash, but Max avoids making a statement. Over time Max becomes distant from Laura and his son Jonah (Spencer Vrooman) because of his preoccupation with his near death experience. He begins drawing abstract pictures of the crash and his sense of a hole opening in the sky before him. He comes to think of himself as invulnerable to death causing Dr. Perlman to become concerned that Max is delusional. Perlman encourages Max to meet with another survivor, Carla Rodrigo (Rosie Perez), in the hope that the two can help support one another. Carla, who lost her baby son in the crash, struggles with survivor's guilt, punishing herself for not holding onto him tightly enough when his seat belt on the plane malfunctioned. Max and Carla bond and develop a close friendship as he helps her to get past her depression and free herself from her guilt. Max, Laura and Nan meet with attorney Steven Brillstein (Tom Hulce), who encourages Max to exaggerate his testimony in order to increase Nan's compensation settlement offer from the airline. Max states his discomfort with lying but reluctantly agrees when he considers Nan's financial predicament as a widow. The unease of lying causes Max to have a panic attack and he runs out of the office to the roof of the building where he climbs onto the ledge. As Max stands on the ledge, looking down at the streets below, his panic attack subsides and he rejoices in his fearlessness. Laura follows Max onto the roof and upon finding him, blindly spinning around on the ledge with his overcoat billowing across his face, she believes him to be suicidal. Eventually Max's increasingly dramatic attempts (culminating with an intentional car crash into a brick wall) at pushing the boundaries between life and death succeed in jolting Carla from her uncertain state. Afterwards, Carla meets with Laura and the two clarify the misunderstanding that she and Max are past a co-dependency state and are in fact, in love with each other. Moreover, Carla explains that she regards Max as he sees himself - an angel - and Laura now understands their shared delusion. However, after Carla reluctantly parts company with Max, he remains aloof in his relationship with his wife and son, struggling to come to terms with his implied immortality. One night, Brillstein arrives at the Klein home to celebrate the pending settlement offer, and brings a basket with an assortment of fruits. Max eats one of the strawberries but, unlike at the restaurant, this time he experiences an immediate allergic reaction and suffocates. As he lies choking, Max goes into a state of vision where he sees various flashbacks and starts toward the proverbial light at the end of the tunnel (in the guise of an aisle in the airplane fuselage) as Laura's voice is overheard repeatedly calling him back to the world. Max accepts the reality of his imminent death when suddenly he's resuscitated by Laura. He survives and (it's implied) recovers his emotional connection to his family, to the world and to the reality of yet another chance at life.
 Oddball	Australian	drama	Stuart McDonald	This is a dramatisation based on true events.[2] On Middle Island off the coast of Warrnambool, Fairy Penguins had made their home, but foxes had found the island and had reduced the population of penguins. After the beginning events of the movie (which shows the penguins walking up the beach) being narrated by Deborah Mailman, Emily Marsh (Sarah Snook) is seen walking to the island and counting the minimal number of penguins left after another attack by foxes along with her co-workers Zoe (Tegan Higginbotham), Paul Watt (John Leary) and her friend Jack Jones (Richard Davies). Meanwhile an eccentric chicken farmer named Swampy Marsh (Emily's estranged father played by Shane Jacobson) is seen walking through his barn full of chicken barn after showering while eating a raw egg, feeds his two dogs Missy and Oddball breakfast. Elsewhere in the centre of Warrnambool, 9-year-old Olivia Marsh (Emily's daughter and Swampy's granddaughter played by Coco Jack Gillies) packs her lunch and opens a gift from her mother’s love interest Bradley Slater (Alan Tudyk) whom of which she and Swampy disprove of, as she gets driven to school by Swampy accompanied by the mischievous Oddball and tries to get out, Oddball jumps out and wreaks havoc all over Warrnambool and eventually destroying a tourism attempt set up by Bradley. In the courthouse later in the day, Oddball is given one last chance at behaving or he will get put down if he enters the city again, that night Swampy finds an injured penguin who was attacked by a fox on Middle Island and takes him back to his house, where a fox attempts to eat it but is scared off by Oddball. Surprised by Oddball's sudden change in his ability to protect other animals, upon realising that someone might be sabotaging the island to turn it into a whale-watching station he comes up with an idea to save the dwindling number of penguins. Olivia agrees with the idea enthusiastically and names the injured penguin 'Pocket', they begin training Oddball and eventually convince Emily to go on a holiday to Melbourne with Bradley where he proposes that they and Olivia move to New York City. While Emily and Bradley are away, Olivia and Swampy sleep on Middle Island for the night so they can see if Oddball is up to the challenge, they also release the now healed Pocket back into the wild. Upon seeing that Oddball successfully guards the penguins, Swampy decides to put Oddball on the island alone for a night to see how he copes. After Oddball successfully fends off a fox and protects Pocket and his Significant other, he and Olivia decide that the dog can guard the birds nightly. After the penguin numbers are steadily rising, Emily accidentally finds out about Swampy's plan after Olivia blurts it out in fear of her knowing, she approves and warns that Oddball could get into trouble if the council finds out. After finding a two-way audio surveillance walkie-talkie in her handbag used by Swampy and Olivia to listen to her conversations with Bradley while on a date with him. Swampy assumes that Bradley is sabotaging the penguins for being so eager about the whale watching idea formed by a man named Rich (Jason Geary). That night after going home from dropping Oddball off to the island, Oddball tries to fend off a fox but gets shot by a tranquilliser gun off-screen by an unknown person, Swampy declares him missing and accuses Emily of running away after she proposes following through Bradley’s plan of moving away with him and Olivia and says that the sanctuary is done. Outraged and offended by her father's comments, Emily says that she put more effort into the penguin sanctuary than he did when her mum died. Swampy later finds him in the back of the animal control van where he finds a matching wound to a tranquilliser dart. The animal catcher (Frank Woodley) says to Swampy that he can't save Oddball and drives off after letting him have one last moment with the dog. After talking to Mayor Lake (Deborah Mailman) who expresses her fondness of him, finding out that Pocket and his female friend have laid an egg, he teams up with Olivia to save Oddball while Emily and Jack go to his house to find some of his tranquilliser guns, fox cages and tranquilliser darts missing, and Emily accidentally shoots him in the foot. After saving Oddball, Swampy and Olivia meet Emily and the slightly drugged Jack at the beach connecting to Middle Island, after Oddball and Olivia sneak to the island and are followed by the worried Emily and Swampy, Oddball finds the person sabotaging the island releasing a fox. After a brief confrontation Emily calls out to the person assuming it is Bradley to stop, but the person reveals them-self to be Zoe. she explains that Rich the whale-watcher was her boyfriend and wanted the whale-watching plan to go through, she then grabs Pocket's egg and attempts to stomp on it but is stopped when Emily and Olivia tackle her, Emily unknowingly and accidentally kicks the egg off the cliff but it stops before it can reach the sea. Zoe is shot with a tranquilliser dart by Jack, and Oddball carefully retrieves the egg with guidance from Swampy, Emily and Olivia. they return the road where Zoe is loaded into a police car under the influence of the tranquilliser liquid and Emily politely dismisses Bradley's idea to move away and reconciles with Swampy. The sanctuary is saved and the Maremma conservation project is approved while it is implied that Zoe was sentenced to life for willful animal endangerment. The dog used both in the true event and in the dramatized film is a Maremma Sheepdog. The original conservation project in which Meremma sheepdogs were trained to defend the penguins from foxes began in 2006. [2]
The Promise	American	drama	Terry George	Mikael (Oscar Isaac) is an apothecary who lives in the small Armenian village of Sirun in the southeast part of the Ottoman Empire. In order to help pay the expenses for medical school, he promises himself to the daughter of an affluent neighbor, receiving 400 gold coins as a dowry. This allows him to travel to Constantinople and attend the Imperial Medical Academy. There, he befriends Emre, the son of a high-level Turkish official. Through his wealthy uncle, Mikael also meets Ana (Charlotte Le Bon), an Armenian woman raised in Paris, who is involved with an American reporter for the Associated Press, Chris Myers (Christian Bale). In due course, Mikael falls in love with Ana just as international tensions begin to rise with the outbreak of World War I. Mikael temporarily manages to avoid conscription in the Ottoman army through a medical student exemption with the help of Emre. But when he tries to save his uncle from imprisonment during the roundups of April 24, 1915, he is detained and sent to a prison labor camp himself. Mikael eventually escapes the camp, returning to his village only to find the Turks have violently turned on their Armenian fellow townspeople. His parents, and particularly his mother, persuade him to marry his betrothed and seek refuge in a remote mountain cabin where she soon becomes pregnant. A difficult pregnancy leads Mikael to bring his wife back to the care of his mother in the village. There he learns that Ana and Christopher are at a nearby Red Cross facility and he goes to seek their help for his family to escape the imminent Turkish threat. Departing the mission with a group of orphans, they head back to Sirun to retrieve Mikael's family. Along the way, however, they encounter a site of a massacre, as it becomes clear all of Sirun's inhabitants, including Mikael's family, save his mother, have been killed by Turkish troops. Chris is captured by Ottoman troops and sent back to Constantinople, charged with being a spy and slated for execution by the authorities; with the help of Emre, and through the intercession of American Ambassador Henry Morgenthau, Chris is released and allowed to depart for Malta. Once there, he boards the French cruiser Guichen, as it prepares to set sail along the Ottoman coast. Emre's role in helping to save Chris is discovered and he is executed by a firing squad. Escaping pursuit, Mikael, Ana, and the orphans join a large group of refugees determined to fight off the Ottoman army on mount Musa Dagh. As they fend off repeated assaults, Mikael's mother succumbs to her wounds and is buried on the mountain. The refugees hold on long enough to escape on the back side to the coast as the Guichen comes to their rescue. But as the launches return to the ship, a Turkish artillery barrage throws Ana and Yeva, the young daughter of Mikael's uncle, overboard. Mikael jumps in after them and is able to rescue Yeva, but Ana drowns. In a voice over, Mikael recounts that he adopted Yeva and together they settled in Watertown, Massachusetts. During Yeva's wedding reception in 1942, with the Armenian orphans who have now grown up in attendance, Mikael presides over a toast, wishing good fortune to their families and the generations to come.
Magkakabaung	Filipino	drama	Jason Paul Laxamana	A single father accidentally kills his eight-year-old daughter by administering the wrong medication. He finds it challenging not only to have her body buried but also to bury his culpability.
Catchfire	American	drama	Alan Smithee	Conceptual artist Anne Benton (Jodie Foster) creates electronic pieces that flash evocative statements, and her work has begun to attract major media attention. Driving home one night, Anne suffers a blowout on a deserted road and, while looking for help, witnesses a mafia hit supervised by Leo Carelli (Joe Pesci). Leo spots Anne, but she escapes and goes to the police. They offer her a place in the federal witness protection program, but mob boss Lino Avoca (Vincent Price), Carelli's boss, sends top-of-the-line hitman Milo (Dennis Hopper) and his partner Pinella (John Turturro) to silence her. Pinella kills her boyfriend Bob (Charlie Sheen), but she escapes. Months pass; Anne has severed all ties with her past and re-established herself in Seattle as an advertising copywriter. Milo, who never gives up, recognizes the tagline of a lipstick ad as one of Anne's catchphrases, and tracks her down. She flees again, to New Mexico, and he finds her again. But this time he offers her a deal: he'll let her live, if she'll do anything and everything he asks. Milo's interest in Anne, it turns out, is more than professional, but not exactly what she thinks. He doesn't want her to be his sex slave, though sex is part of the equation. A man obsessed, Milo has fallen in love with Anne. And he has no idea how to cope with the unfamiliar emotion. Astonishingly, after a rocky start, Anne realizes that she has also fallen for him. By failing to kill Anne as he was hired to do, Milo has marked himself for death, and the two flee together to an isolated farm that Milo owns. Avoca's men track them there, and they realize that in order to be free, they must return and confront their pursuers. They concoct a plan leaving Avoca, Carelli, and their men dead. Anne and Milo escape together to a new life.
Educating Rita	British	drama	Lewis Gilbert	A Liverpudlian working-class young woman – hairdresser – Rita (Julie Walters) wants to better herself by studying literature. Her assigned Open University professor, Frank Bryant (Michael Caine), however, has long ago openly taken to the bottle, and soon develops misgivings about Rita's ability to adapt to student culture. Bryant is a jaded university lecturer, who describes his occupational ability as appalling but good enough for his appalling students. His passion for literature is reignited by Rita, whose technical ability for the subject is limited by her lack of education but whose enthusiasm Frank finds refreshing.
The Shack	American	drama	Stuart Hazeldine	Mackenzie Mack Phillips suffered physical and emotional abuse as a child at the hands of his drunken father. He witnessed similar abuse of his mother as well. There is the implication that as a 13-year-old boy he attempted to poison his father with strychnine. Whether he succeeded in killing the man is not entirely clear, although subsequent events suggest that he did. But as an adult he has a bountiful life with his wife, Nan, and their three children: Kate, Josh and Missy. Mack's life is shattered, however, when their youngest child Missy disappears during a camping trip while he is saving Kate and Josh during a canoeing accident. The police determine Missy is the victim of a serial killer after finding her torn dress and blood in a vacant cabin. Kate blames herself for Missy's death because of her own reckless behavior in causing the canoe accident in the first place. The tragedy derails Mack's faith and life until the onset of winter when he receives an unstamped, typewritten note in his mailbox. The surrounding snow is devoid of any incriminating tracks. The message is signed Papa (which was Nan's nickname for God) and invites him to meet at the cabin. Thinking this may possibly be an opportunity for meeting and capturing or killing the serial killer, Mack drives himself there and, finding the ruined cabin cold and desolate and empty, is overcome with frustration, rage and an almost irresistible impulse to turn his handgun on himself. But he suddenly encounters a mysterious trio of strangers who invite him to stay at their well-furnished, cozy little house that is situated just down the path and, oddly, in the midst of a beautiful, sunshiny, summertime wilderness. The trio of strangers gradually reveal their identities. The purpose of their invitation is to first help him to better understand his life as seen from a much broader context or higher perspective. This realization helps free him from an inclination to pass judgment upon himself as well as upon everyone else who crosses his path. It is from that new starting point that he may then continue his long, slow journey into healing for himself and his family and forgiveness for himself as well as for those who have grievously harmed him and his loved ones.
My Sister and I	British	drama	Harold Huth	A young woman who acts in a small theatre comes under suspicion of murder when the elderly lady she lodges with dies and leaves her all her money.[2]
Lost Indulgence	Chinese	drama	Zhang Yibai	Upon the apparent death of his taxi-driver father (Eric Tseng), Xian-chuen (Tan Jianci) and his mother Li (Jiang Wenli) take in his father's last fare, Su-Dan (Karen Mok), a bar girl, to fulfill the family's obligations. The father, Wu Tao drove his cab into the Yangtze River, breaking Su-Dan's leg and potentially paralyzing her for life, though his body was not recovered. The son, a bereaved and sullen teenager, does not take to the crippled Su-Dan at first, his thoughts preoccupied with a school crush and the sudden death of his father. As time goes on, however he warms to her presence (and her ever-exposed legs). Su-Dan, restricted to a wheelchair sees the boy as a substitute little brother. Meanwhile, Li, who works as a medic at a factory, is forced to work double shifts at a veterinarian hospital to help make ends meet. There she meets a handsome stranger (Eason Chan) who brings in his injured dog, and a tentative romance begins to form.
Strapless	American	drama	David Hare	An expatriate American doctor in London allows herself to lighten up when her freewheeling younger sister and a mysterious man enter her life. Her inhibitions released, the beautiful doctor learns that freedom has its own price.
Escape	British	drama	Basil Dean	A man escapes from Dartmoor Prison and is hunted across the moors by policemen to whom it is an unpleasant reminder of their experiences during the First World War.[4]
Lock Up	American	drama	John Flynn	Frank Leone, a skilled mechanic in Hoboken, New Jersey, is a model prisoner nearing the end of his sentence in Norwood, a low security prison. He occasionally spends time outside prison in his garage fixing cars, playing football and spending time with his girlfriend Melissa. One night, while sleeping in his cell, guards arrive and forcibly take Leone to a brutal maximum security Gateway Prison run by Warden Drumgoole. Drumgoole explains to him that he arranged this in retaliation for a past incident in which Leone escaped from Drumgoole's previous post, Treadmore Prison, and informed the press about Drumgoole's treatment of his prisoners, after Drumgoole refused to allow Leone a one-hour furlough to visit his dying mentor. This an incident resulted not only in an five additional years in minimum security added to Leone's sentence, but in Drumgoole's transfer to Gateway, a negative mark on his job record. Leone is mistreated by the guards and by a dominant inmate, Chink Weber, who acts as a trustee for Drumgoole. Leone also befriends fellow prisoners Dallas, Eclipse, and First-Base, and shows them how he deals with the hardship of prison. The foursome refurbish a Ford Mustang in the prison shop, which Eclipse nicknames Maybelline. Leone explains to Eclipse that he was sent to prison for taking the law into his own hands when he avenged an attack on his mentor. After Leone reluctantly allows First-Base to start the car, First-Base drives the Mustang out of the garage and into the prison yard. After his joy ride is ended, Drumgoole makes the Leone and his friends watch as other inmates destroy the car. Leone is also sent to solitary confinement for six weeks. There, Leone is tortured by the guards who wake him at random points in the middle of the night, forcing him to face a security camera and recite his name and prisoner number. However, the guards' captain, Meissner, and one other guard become so disgusted with the crude sadism of the warden and his toadies that Meissner orders it to stop and releases Leone from confinement. Aiming to force Leone to snap and compromise his position, the warden has Chink Weber kill First-Base in the gym. Enraged, Leone attacks Chink, renders him helpless, but before he kills him, he relents, knowing that committing such an act is precisely what Drumgoole wants. However, one of Chink's goons stabs Leone from behind with a shank. As Leone recovers in the prison infirmary, another prisoner tells him that he has been hired to rape and murder Melissa. That night, Leone attempts his escape with Dallas to try and save Melissa, however Dallas lures him to a dead end, where they are captured by Drumgoole and his guards, among them, the one who posed as the prisoner who claimed he would rape Melissa. It is revealed that Drumgoole arranged this to provoke Leone into attempting an escape, in order to have a mandatory 10-year sentence imposed upon him, and convinced Dallas to assist him in his plan in exchange for an early release, though Drumgoole reneges on this after Leone's capture. Drumgoole leaves the two inmates to be beaten by the guards, but Dallas, knowing the other prisoners would kill him after setting up Leone, apologizes to Leone and electrocutes himself and officer Manly to help Leone escape. Enraged, Leone breaks into Drumgoole's office instead of escaping, takes him to the execution chamber and straps him to the electric chair. He activates the generator and secures his hand to the switch. The prison guards break into the execution viewing room, leading to an armed standoff. Under threat of being executed, the warden finally confesses to his plot to increase Leone's jail time. Leone pulls the switch anyway but nothing happens. He then reveals he took one of the fuses out before to trick the warden into confessing. Captain Meissner and his men cuff Leone, but they also take Drumgoole into custody for the legal confession. A judicial inquiry is made into the matter about the warden's corrupt behavior and Leone serves only the jail time required of him in the first place. A few weeks later Frank leaves prison to the cheers of his fellow inmates and meets up with Eclipse one last time. He wishes Captain Meissner farewell, exits Gateway to embrace the waiting Melissa.
Bedelia	British	drama	Lance Comfort	Bedelia Carrington (Margaret Lockwood) is apparently happily married and on her honeymoon in Monte Carlo with Charlie Carrington (Ian Hunter.) However, a cultivated young artist, Ben Chaney (Barry K. Barnes), begins probing into her past with curious concern. Chaney, in reality a detective, suspects that Bedelia's obsession for money has led her, in the past, to dispose of more than one husband for the insurance money.[4]
Paris Trout	American	drama	Stephen Gyllenhaal	Paris Trout is an unrepentant racist in 1949 Georgia. The greedy and paranoid shopkeeper murders the sister of a black man who refuses to repay Trout’s IOU. When Trout is arrested for the crime, he is stunned and enraged, showing himself to be a man of the Old South. Lawyer Harry Seagraves arrives to calm the waters in court but is soon caught in crimes of his own, including a dangerous and doomed affair with Trout's wife.
Man Ki Aankhen	Bollywood	drama	Raghunath Jhalani	Rajesh Agarwal marries Geeta, daughter of his school teacher Master Dinanath, without telling his mother as he is afraid that his dowry seeking mother would oppose the marriage. Rajesh brings Geeta home hoping that his mother's anger will subside sooner or later.
Carnival	British	drama	Stanley Haynes	Story of a ballet dancer of the Edwardian era and is from the novel by Compton Mackenzie.[2]
Falling from Grace	American	drama	John Mellencamp	Music superstar Bud Parks, along with his statuesque wife, Alice, and their approximately eight-year-old daughter, Terri Jo, return to his small hometown, fictional Doak City, Indiana, for his paternal grandfather's 80th birthday. Initially, the visit is light-hearted and Bud receives a hero's welcome from many of his relatives and fans. But what is supposed to be a three-day visit of fun quickly turns into much more. At the birthday party, Bud's high school sweetheart and now sister-in-law, P.J., invites Bud out for a walk, which is met with curious suspicion by Bud's father, Speck. P.J. confesses she has sex with Speck, which is met with shock and disapproval by Bud. Speck, a successful poultry farmer, is shown early on to be a chauvinistic and dominating womanizer. He fathered an illegitimate son but his wife, Marian, stayed with him. Speck refers to himself as a sire and the women who bore his children as fillies. Over time he is revealed to be dominating, violent, exploitive and shameless, to the point of even making a pass at Bud's wife. Bud and Alice seem to have a good marriage, and she is clearly very devoted. But after learning of P.J.'s affair with Speck, Bud has sex with P.J. as well. P.J. seems to view her sexual encounters as conquests and take pride in simultaneously having three Parks men as lovers. She also seems to view her promiscuity, and the need to keep it secret, as a source of excitement for a housewife and mother who resides in what she considers to be a boring town. The three days turn into several weeks. Bud's feelings of both love and lust for P.J. are rekindled, and he neglects Alice. Already disillusioned by the music business and thinking about leaving it, he realizes that he's a small-town man at heart and wants to stay in Doak City, where many of his relatives still reside. His anger toward his father also escalates. California-bred Alice continues to love her husband but quickly becomes tired of small town life and his neglect. She accuses Bud of committing adultery. He doesn't deny it and she leaves with Terri Jo. Bud tries to get P.J. back as the woman of his life. She reveals that she wanted that many years earlier, but that he wouldn't make a commitment, and it's too late now. Frustrated and angry, Bud confronts Speck in a restaurant. Speck shows no interest or sympathy in his son's problems but expresses displeasure in having received none of the millions of dollars Bud has made in music. On the basis that he sired Bud, Speck claims to be entitled to some of Bud's money. Bud warns Speck to make no further sexual advances at Alice and, in a rage, knocks the food and tableware off the table. As Bud gets up to leave, he is viciously beaten by Speck. Feeling like he's hit rock bottom, Bud gets drunk and performs a stunt from his wild youth. He lies in a cage in the back of a pickup truck and has one of his friends push the cage onto the road while the truck is moving. He wakes up lying in a hospital bed wearing a brace on his neck and a cast on his right arm. Standing beside his bed are P.J., his sister Sally Cutler and his paternal grandmother. Alice returns and seems willing to take Bud back if he will be honest with her. Having been rejected by P.J. and humbled by his father and the accident, Bud now realizes what's most important in his life. He and Alice reconcile.
Face to Face	Australian	drama	Michael Rymer	A young construction worker rams into the back of his boss's Jaguar in a fit of anger at being sacked. Rather than fronting court, he’s given the chance to explain his actions in a community conference. This face-to-face confrontation between the young man, his boss, his boss's wife, co-workers, best mate and mother lifts the lid not only on his dysfunctional life but on their workplace dirty laundry, turning all of their lives upside down.
Who Is the Man?	British	drama	Walter Summers	Daniel Arnault (Gielgud), an impecunious sculptor, is in love with the beautiful Genevieve (Isobel Elsom). Spurred on by her mercenary and socially ambitious mother however, Genevieve consents to marry Daniel's wealthy brother Albert (Langhorn Burton). In despair, Daniel sinks into drug addiction. The marriage is not a success, and Genevieve feels ignored and neglected by Albert. She begins a flirtation with family friend Maurice Granger (Lewis Drayton) and the pair gradually fall in love. One day Genevieve decides to pay a call on Daniel, and by chance meets Maurice who is also visiting. Unknown to Genevieve, Albert has become suspicious of her and has followed her to Daniel's studio. He shows up in a fury, and Daniel manages to hide Genevieve and Maurice. Knowing that Genevieve has been there, Albert accuses his brother of being her lover and attacks him brutally. Daniel fails to recover from the assault, and as he is dying he begs his brother to give Genevieve her freedom and allow her to go off with Maurice
Rambling Rose	American	drama	Martha Coolidge	In 1971, a grown Buddy returns to his former family home and reflects back on his youth during The Great Depression when Rose came to live with his family in order to escape her miserable life in Birmingham where she was being forced into prostitution. The Hillyers are an eccentric family who take Rose in as a domestic servant. Rose quickly begins to admire Mrs. Hillyer who is working on her doctoral dissertation and who she learns was orphaned at a young age, just as Rose had been. Rose also develops a crush on the paternal and warm Mr. Hillyer that the three Hillyer children and Mr. Hillyer become aware of while Mrs. Hillyer remains oblivious. Eventually Rose kisses Mr. Hillyer who at first responds to her advances and then becomes angered at her and rebuffs her. Buddy witnesses Rose and Mr. Hillyer kissing and later, when Rose comes to talk to him at night, he repeatedly tries to grab and massage her breast just as his father had done while he was kissing Rose. Eventually to satisfy his curiosity Rose allows 13 year old Buddy to masturbate her. Afterwards she is apologetic and upset and begs him not to tell anyone. The Hillyers begin to disagree about Rose's presence in their lives. Mr. Hillyer worries that Rose is too promiscuous and will begin to make their lives miserable but Mrs. Hillyer sees her promiscuity as her way of trying to obtain love and attention. Strange men begin lurking around the house. Mr. Hillyer attributes this to Rose but she repeatedly denies knowing them. However, Rose is eventually arrested when some of her men begin brawling in a bar and she bites the finger of a policeman. Though the police and Mrs. Hillyer are willing to forgive Rose, Mr. Hillyer insists on firing her, but before he can Rose is hospitalized with pneumonia. The attending doctor reveals that Rose is likely not the poor country girl she portrayed herself as. After she recovers, Rose seems to be on her best behaviour but Mr. Hillyer eventually catches her with a man in her room. He fires her and obtains a position on a dairy farm in Tennessee for her. When he informs Rose she begins crying as she does not want her future child being born on a farm. Mr. Hillyer believes she is lying about being pregnant and the Hillyers take her to a doctor where they learn that while she is showing signs of being pregnant she actually has an ovarian cyst and is sterile because of untreated gonorrhea contracted when she was 15. The doctor recommends a hysterectomy in order to control Rose's promiscuous behaviour. While Mr. Hillyer at first agrees to the operation Mrs. Hillyer argues against it and eventually persuades the two men. Rose is treated for her cyst and returns home where she eventually marries her first husband, David, the policeman whose finger she bit. In 1971, Buddy reveals that Rose married three more times and was eventually happy and faithful to her last husband. He goes to talk to his father who tells him that Rose died the previous week. When Buddy begins crying Mr. Hillyer tells him that Rose is a person who will never really die as she will live on forever in their hearts.
The Duellists	British	drama	Ridley Scott	In Strasbourg in 1800, fervent Bonapartist and obsessive duellist Lieutenant Gabriel Feraud (Harvey Keitel) of the French 7th Hussars, nearly kills the nephew of the city's mayor in a sword duel. Under pressure from the mayor, Brigadier-General Treillard (Robert Stephens) sends a member of his staff, Lieutenant Armand d'Hubert (Keith Carradine) of the 3rd Hussars, to put Feraud under house arrest. As the arrest takes place in the house of Madame de Lionne (Jenny Runacre), a prominent local lady, Feraud takes it as a personal insult from d'Hubert. Matters are made worse when Feraud asks d'Hubert if he would let them spit on Napoleon and d'Hubert doesn't immediately reply. Upon reaching his quarters, Feraud challenges d'Hubert to a duel. The duel is inconclusive; d'Hubert slashes Feraud's forearm but is unable to finish him off, because he is attacked by Feraud's mistress. As a result of his part in the duel, d'Hubert is dismissed from the General's staff and returned to active duty with his unit. The war interrupts the men's quarrel and they do not meet again until six months later in Augsburg in 1801. Feraud immediately challenges d'Hubert to another duel and seriously wounds him. Recovering, d'Hubert takes lessons from a fencing master and in the next duel (held in a cellar with heavy sabres), the two men fight each other to a bloody standstill. Soon afterwards, d'Hubert is relieved to learn he has been promoted to captain. Military discipline forbids officers of different ranks from duelling. The action moves to 1806 when d'Hubert is serving in Lübeck. He is shocked to hear that the 7th Hussars have arrived in the city and that Feraud is now also a captain. Aware that in two weeks time he is to be promoted to major, d'Hubert attempts to slip away but is spotted by Feraud's perpetual second. Feraud challenges him to another duel, which is to be fought on horseback with sabres. D'Hubert slashes his opponent across the forehead; Feraud, blinded because the cut bleeds heavily into his eyes, cannot continue the fight. D'Hubert considers himself the victor and leaves the field ebullient. Soon afterwards, Feraud's regiment is posted to Spain. The pair chance upon each other, during the French Army's disastrous retreat from Moscow in 1812. Before they can resume the duel, Cossacks attack, forcing d'Hubert and Feraud to fight together, rather than each other. Feraud's animosity towards d'Hubert remains undimmed, however. Two years later, after Napoleon's exile to Elba, d'Hubert is a brigadier-general recovering from a leg wound, at the home of his sister Leonie (Meg Wynn Owen) in Tours. She introduces him to Adele (Cristina Raines), niece of her neighbour (Alan Webb). The couple fall in love and are married. A Bonapartist agent (Edward Fox) attempts to recruit d'Hubert, as rumours of Napoleon's imminent return from exile abound. D'Hubert refuses to command a brigade if the Emperor returns from Elba. When Feraud, also a brigadier-general and a leading Bonapartist, hears this he declares d'Hubert is a traitor to the Emperor. He claims that he always suspected d'Hubert's disloyalty, which is why he challenged him to a duel in the first place. After Napoleon is defeated at Waterloo, d'Hubert joins the army of Louis XVIII. Feraud is arrested and is expected to be executed for his part in the Hundred Days. D'Hubert approaches the Minister of Police Joseph Fouché (Albert Finney) and persuades him to release Feraud (without revealing d'Hubert's part in his reprieve). Feraud is paroled to live in a certain province under police supervision. After Feraud learns of d'Hubert's promotion in the new French Army, he sends two former officers to seek out d'Hubert, so he can challenge him to a duel with pistols. Eventually the two men meet in a ruined château on a wooded hill. Feraud rapidly discharges both his pistols, before being caught at point blank range by d'Hubert, who refuses to shoot him because tradition dictates he now owns Feraud's life. He tells Feraud he must submit to his decision, that in all future dealings with d'Hubert, Feraud shall conduct himself as a dead man. The duel ends and d'Hubert returns to his life and happy marriage, while Feraud returns to his provincial exile. The closing image of the film depicts Feraud in silent contemplation, gazing at the horizon in utter solitude unable to pursue the obsession that has consumed him for so many years.
Two Moon Junction	American	drama	Zalman King	April Delongpre (Sherilyn Fenn) is the well-born, 21-year-old, eldest daughter of a powerful Alabama senator and heiress to an old and respectable Southern family. After graduating from college, April returns home to her parent's house for the summer to await her semiarranged marriage to her fiancé Chad Douglas Fairchild (Martin Hewitt). When a carnival comes to the town, April and Chad accompany April's two younger sisters to the fairgrounds, where April sees from a distance a rugged carnival roustabout and drifter named Perry (Richard Tyson). When April accidentally leaves her purse behind in one of the rides, Perry returns it to her and introduces himself (after having looked inside and gotten April's name and home address). Intrigued by the mysterious drifter, April returns to the carnival that evening to talk with Perry, but she refuses his advances. A few days later, while Chad is away for the weekend on business and her parents and siblings are also away, April begins a sordid affair with Perry when he shows up one morning at April's house and uses her shower. Despite telling him to leave, April cannot restrain her urges for Perry and the two of them have sex. April cries afterwards over it and Perry leaves. The next day, April visits her grandmother Belle Delongpre (Louise Fletcher), who is aware about April's secret urges towards rugged men due to April confiding in Belle about her past infatuations. After April leaves, Belle asks the local sheriff Earl Hawkins (Burl Ives) to keep an eye on her. April returns to the carnival that evening to see Perry, only to become dismayed and jealous when she finds him drunk and in the company of a fellow drifter and cowgirl who introduces herself as Patti Jean (Kristy McNichol) who takes April with her in Perry's truck for a bourbon run to get more hard liquor for him. During the drive, Patti rambles on about her life and hometown and clearly flirts with April. At the carnival, when a ride malfunctions and endangers the people on it, Perry gets into a brawl with other fairground workers. Patti Jean and April return and join in on the brawl until Perry's pet dog is killed by one of the workers and the rest of them order Perry and the women to leave. After burying his dog in a field, April and Patti Jean take the depressed Perry out to a bar and pool hall where Patti Jean again flirts with April and invites her to dance with her. However, instead of taking advantage of April's curiosity, Patti urges her to go back to Perry and continue their tryst. After Patti Jean leaves town, Perry takes April on a ride on his motorcycle, where they check into a motel and have sex again. In the morning, April leaves Perry to pick up her car, which she left behind at the fairgrounds after the carnival moves out, unaware that Sheriff Hawkins is following her. April returns to the motel and gets into a big argument with Perry when she catches him flirting with two motel housekeepers. To defuse their tension, she takes him out to have breakfast at a local restaurant, where she tells him more about her life and about a family property at the edge of a lake called the Two Moon Junction which is her childhood playground. However, April tells Perry that they must part ways, as she must return home and to her privileged life. After she leaves, Sheriff Hawkins appears and arrests Perry for burying his dog on private property of a local farm. Hawkins forces Perry to dig up his dog and burn it, and then drives him to the state line and gives Perry an implied threat never to come around the area again. A few weeks later, on the day before April's wedding, she has another encounter with Perry, who shows up to work at constructing the tents on her family's property for the wedding reception. He is also spotted by Belle, who threatens him to leave town and offers him a bribe, but Perry refuses to accept it. Belle then makes a call to Sheriff Hawkins to inform him that April's lover is back in town and to deal with it. That evening, while Chad is having his bachelor party, April shows up at the Two Moon Junction, a run-down pavilion at the edge of a lake, where she meets Perry, who had left a message to meet him there. April offers Perry money to leave town and never return, but Perry again refuses and urges her to act out her fantasies that she has long suppressed since her childhood. April and Perry again make love, only for April to again cry and walk out on Perry for good to return to her life. The next morning on the day of the wedding, as Perry is preparing to leave town, one of Sheriff Hawkins's deputies attempts to kill Perry, but he subdues the deputy and escapes. At the church, as April is preparing to walk down the aisle to the altar, Belle tries to persuade her not to abandon her privileged lifestyle and lies to her that Perry left town for a bribe. April does not believe her, but she nevertheless walks down the church aisle to get married to Chad. Sometime later, Perry is seen working as a dishwasher at a blues nightclub in another town. After work, as Perry returns to his motel room for the night to care and feed his new pet dog, he finds April in his bathroom taking a shower, reliving their first sexual encounter. Perry joins April in the shower and they kiss. The film ends with April, wearing Chad's wedding ring, making love with Perry in the shower, strongly implying that Perry and she will continue their secret affair.
Pearl of the South Seas	British	drama	Frank Hurley	Under the terms of his uncle's will, John Strong (Eric Bransby Williams) must go to Thursday Island and find a pearl within two years or the Reuben Strong pearling station and his great wealth will revert to another, Black Darley (Jameson Thomas). Eventually Strong finds the pearl, defeats Darley and discovers romance with the daughter (Lillian Douglas) of an island trader (W.G. Saunders).[1]
The Winslow Boy	British	drama	Anthony Asquith	Ronnie Winslow (Neil North), a cadet at the Royal Naval College, is accused of the theft of a postal order. An internal enquiry which grants him no chance of defence, finds him guilty and his father, Arthur Winslow (Sir Cedric Hardwicke), is requested to remove his son from the college. Unwilling to accept the verdict, Winslow and his daughter Catherine institute their own enquiries and engage a friend and family solicitor, Desmond Curry (Basil Radford) to assist them, including the briefing of the best barrister in England at the time, Sir Robert Morton (Robert Donat), should the case come to court. The government is unwilling to allow the case to proceed, but after heated debates in the House of Commons, the government yields, and the case does come to court. Morton is able to discredit much of the supposed evidence and the government finally withdraws the charges against Ronnie. Although the family wins the case, each of them has lost something along the way: Dickie Winslow (Jack Watling) has been forced to leave Oxford due to the lack of money, Catherine (Margaret Leighton) loses her marriage settlement and subsequently her fiancé, John Weatherstone (Frank Lawton), and Arthur Winslow loses his health.
Of Human Bondage	British	drama	Ken Hughes	After two unsuccessful years pursuing an art career in Paris, clubfooted Philip Carey decides to study medicine. He meets and falls in love with Mildred Rogers, a low-class waitress who takes advantage of his feelings for her. When she leaves him to marry another man, Philip falls in love with Nora Nesbitt, a writer who encourages him to complete his studies. Mildred returns, pregnant and abandoned by her husband, and Philip takes her in and cares for her, ending his relationship with Nora. While staying with Philip, Mildred has an affair with his best friend Griffiths, and when Philip confronts her, she tells Philip she's repulsed by him and walks out. After earning his degree, Philip becomes an intern at a London Hospital. He learns Mildred is working as a prostitute and seeks her out at the brothel where she's living with her ailing child. He takes the two under his wing, but once again Mildred leaves him. When he finally finds her in a clinic for the indigent, he discovers her child has died and Mildred, in the advanced stages of syphilis, dies in her spurned lover's arms.
A Step into the Darkness	Turkish	drama	Atıl İnaç	The film tells the tragic story of an Iraqi-Turkish girl, Cennet, who loses her entire family during a US-led operation against insurgents in her village in US-occupied Iraq. She makes a distressing journey through the border between Turkey and Iraq to find her brother who had been sent to Turkey for treatment.
The Chamber	American	drama	James Foley	In April 1967, the office of Marvin Kramer, a Jewish civil rights lawyer in Indianola, Mississippi, is bombed by the Ku Klux Klan, killing Kramer’s five-year-old twin boys and leading to the amputation of Kramer’s legs and his later suicide. Klansman Sam Cayhall (Hackman) is tried for murder in the bombing, and is eventually convicted and sentenced to die in the gas chamber at the Mississippi State Penitentiary. Twenty-nine years later, in 1996, Adam Hall (O’Donnell), a young attorney at the Chicago law firm of Kravitz and Bane, seeks assignment to the firm’s pro bono representation of Cayhall in the last weeks before his scheduled execution. Adam is Sam Cayhall’s grandson, his family having since moved away from the South and changed their name, haunted and shamed by Cayhall’s crime. Adam is motivated to take the case in a search for some understanding of the dark secrets of his family, which prompted the suicide of Adam’s father the year Sam was sentenced to death (and whose body Adam found as a child). Adam is sent by the firm to Jackson, Mississippi to take over the case and there reconnects with his aunt Lee Bowen (Dunaway), an alcoholic socialite who has managed to avoid public association with her infamous father, and who warns Adam about the dangers of dredging up the past. On death row, Sam remains a brusque, bitter, unrepentant racist who brags about his participation in the Klan bombing campaign of which the Kramer bombing was a part, though he denies that any of the bombings were intended to kill. He taunts Adam for his youth, legal inexperience, anti-racism, and the suicide of his father, but he agrees to allow Adam to represent him, though he forbids Adam from seeking clemency from Mississippi Governor McAllister, who had prosecuted Sam in his last retrial and had campaigned on that prosecution in his election to Governor. Nevertheless, as he begins to argue the case, Adam is approached by the Governor through an aide, Nora Stark (Rochon), who suggests that the Governor might consider clemency if Sam provides information about unidentified co-conspirators to the bombing. As Adam investigates, inconsistencies in the facts of the original case come to light, casting doubt on Sam’s intent to kill and suggesting that he lacked the ability to make the bomb himself, and both Stark and the original FBI agent who investigated the case indicate that the bombing may have been the result of a broader conspiracy involving the Mississippi State Sovereignty Commission and White Citizens' Councils, which were active at the time of the bombing in opposition to civil rights. Sam refuses to authorize Adam to seek access to the Sovereignty Commission’s files, sealed by order of the state legislature, fearing it would expose Sam’s former associates in the Klan, as well allowing the Governor to obtain useful information on political enemies, which he indicates is the Governor’s real reason for seeking Sam’s cooperation in unsealing the files. Adam continues to work through the courts, filing and arguing motions for a stay of execution, including on the grounds that Sam was legally insane and unable to tell right from wrong, due to his indoctrination into the Ku Klux Klan. At the same time, Lee, faced with the unearthed ghosts of the family history and having lapsed back into full-blown alcoholism, reveals to Adam that in the early 1950s, as children, she and Adam’s father had witnessed their father murder the family’s African-American neighbor, Joe Lincoln, during a fight that had started because Adam’s father, Eddie, had wrongly accused Lincoln’s son of stealing a toy soldier. Eddie had blamed himself for the murder, as well as Lee, for failing to stop Sam, the guilt of which was a factor in Eddie’s later suicide and Lee’s alcoholism. Lee also reveals how their father had been indoctrinated into the Klan as a child, showing Adam an historic photograph of Sam as a young boy attending a Klan lynching (which Adam uses in his arguments before the courts). Adam and Nora secretly gain access to the Sovereignty Commission’s sealed files, which prove a wider conspiracy to the bombing, and also indicate the participation of an accomplice. The former FBI agent resurfaces, and reveals to Adam that the FBI had identified the accomplice, Rollie Wedge, whom the FBI had never been able to prove responsible, but who has reunited with other Klan members to commemorate the bombing on the eve of the pending execution. Adam goes to the Klan reunion and is beaten by several Klan members, and threatened at gunpoint by Wedge. Adam’s persistence, the revelation of how much Sam’s hatred had destroyed his family, and his impending execution begin to affect Sam, and he softens, reconciling with Lee and expressing remorse for his actions and the effect they have had on his family. Sam forcefully rejects the Klan when Wedge visits him in prison to encourage him to remain silent, and it is revealed that Wedge was the one who had built the bomb and set it deliberately to kill. Ultimately, Adam’s motions for a stay are denied by the courts, including the United States Supreme Court. Despite Sam’s finally authorizing the release of relevant Sovereignty Commission files, the Governor refuses to grant clemency, betraying him and Adam, while nonetheless using the files as political leverage (as Sam had predicted), though Wedge, identified in the files, is finally arrested. Ultimately, Sam is executed in the gas chamber, though Adam remains as a confidant and advocate for his grandfather up until his execution, and he and Lee embrace at the end, in the hope that maybe the ghosts of the past are gone.
The King of Paris	British	drama	Jack Raymond	An influential actor and impresario discovers and makes a star of a Russian girl, falls in love with her and tricks her into marriage. She however, falls in love with his friend, and desires to leave the marriage.
Aansoo Aur Muskan	Bollywood	drama	P. Madhavan	Beautiful Radha lives in a small hill-station in India. One day, Mahesh comes for sight-seeing, both meet, fall in love with each other, get intimate, and Mahesh promises to return, marry her and take her with him to live in Bombay. He does not return, Radha continues to search for him in every train that stops at Shampur, in vain. She eventually gives birth to a baby girl, Laxmi, and both are looked after by Shampur's kind-hearted Station Master. Radha does come across Mahesh, but he refuses to recognize her, and she kills herself. The Station Master takes Laxmi to her next of kin, in all two families, but all reject Laxmi, consider her inauspicious, and will have nothing to do with her. He leaves Laxmi with her maternal grandparent, Bhagwanti and her husband, but Laxmi is abused and she runs away to Bombay, where she is befriended and looked after by a blind beggar, Anwar. One day Laxmi and Anwar find that they have won a lottery worth 2.5 lakh rupees, are delighted, and look forward to the positive change in their lives. Laxmi is happy as she feels that she will be able to find her parents with her new-found wealth. Then all of Laxmi's relatives descend on them, their neighbors show their greed by severely beating up Anwar, and Laxmi runs away, followed closely by people with only one motive - steal the lottery ticket from her. Laxmi seeks the help of the police, and Inspector James is asked to look after her. Then a man claiming to be her father comes to take possession of her, but Laxmi remembers him as the man who had refused to recognize Radha and refuses to go with him. Subsequently, Mahesh returns with Radha, much to Laxmi's delight - which only turns to sorrow and heartbreak when she finds out that it is not Radha but a prostitute by the name of Girja - who is assisting Mahesh to get the lottery ticket. Looks like Laxmi is headed for heartbreak upon heartbreak, and may not find the happiness that she is looking for.
Ajeyo	Assamese	drama	Jahnu Barua	The story of Ajeyo takes place in a village of Assam in 1946, just some time before India’s independence and partition. Gojen Keot (Rupam Chetia), an honest yet short-tempered young man, lives alone with his grandmother. By doing some odd jobs here and there, he struggles to earn proper livelihood. He supports Gandhi and believes that once India becomes independent, social injustice will end. Though he dropped out of school, he tutors the no-caste Muslim girl Hasina (Jupitora Bhuyan). Once as a rookie participant in the freedom struggle he failed to deliver a note to a team of marching protesters against the British that caused the lives of two freedom fighters. He regularly battles ghosts of his past related to this incident. Most of the film involves Gojen’s defiant rebellion of the richest man in town, who sees India's partition as an opportunity for land grabbing. Gojen also fights against caste restrictions and child marriage. He helps Joba (Munmi Kalita), a Brahmin girl widowed at age 18, to elope with freedom fighter Madan Sharma (Kopil Bora) against the wishes of her father. Later he marries Hasina and leaves the village. The story then flashforwards to contemporary Assam, as Gojen’s granddaughter (Rimpi Das), a high-ranking policewoman, is continuing her grandfather's fight against the social evils.
Titash Ekti Nadir Naam	Bangladeshi	drama	Ritwik Ghatak	A fisherman, Kishore, marries a young girl accidentally when he visits a nearby village. After their wedding night, Kishore's young bride is kidnapped on the river. On losing his wife, Kishore becomes mad. Meanwhile, his young bride fights with the bandits, jumps into the river and is saved by some villagers. Unfortunately, the young bride knows nothing about her husband, she doesn't even know her husband's name. The only thing she remembers is the name of the village Kishore belongs to. Ten years later, she attempts to find Kishore with their son. Some residents of Kishore's village refuse to share food with her and her son because of the threat of starvation. A young widow Basanthi helps the mother and child. Later it turned out that Kishore and Basanthi were childhood lovers. Director Ghatak appears in the film as a boatman, and Basanti's story is the first of several melodramatic tales.[7]
Spellbinder	American	drama	Janet Greek	When Los Angeles attorney Jeff Mills and his friend Derek Clayton rescue a young beautiful woman, Miranda Reed, from an apparently abusive boyfriend, the trouble starts. Miranda has no home so Jeff offers her to stay at his house. Jeff unknowing becomes involved with Miranda and the web of intrigue that follows her. But as the two became lovers, Jeff learns that Miranda is on the run from the witches' coven (to which she belongs). But now the coven wants Miranda back as a sacrifice at the winter solstice tomorrow night. She must come to them of her own free will, and the coven try to force her into doing so, using sorcery to taunt and terrify the two of them. Miranda tells Jeff of her situation, but not the entire truth, and Jeff willingly helps Miranda out of her troubles, but creates his own.
Al-raqissa wa-l-siyasi (The Belly Dancer and the Politician)	Egyptian	drama	Samir Seif	It's an Arabic Egyptian spoken film Based on a novel by the famous writer Ehsan Kodous, the film discusses eternal conflict of power and authority, symbolized by the love affair between a politician and a belly dancer, revealing the corruption of a system where it becomes difficult to decide which has more integrity, the politician or the dancer.
A Zed & Two Noughts	British	drama	Peter Greenaway	Twin zoologists Oswald and Oliver Deuce (Brian Deacon and Eric Deacon) are at work studying the behaviour of animals at a zoo, when their wives are killed in a car accident involving a large swan which crashes through the car windscreen. The woman who was driving the car, Alba Bewick (Andréa Ferréol), is not killed, but has a leg amputated. Venus de Milo (Frances Barber), a woman associated with the zoo, attempts to forge a relationship with the twins, ostensibly to help them recover from their loss. Meanwhile, Oswald and Oliver gradually become obsessed with images of growth and decay, watching videos on the origins of life and creating time-lapse video of decomposing life forms. They begin this latter task with a green apple, bitten into and rotting before their camera lens. The twins' descent sees them become romantically involved with Alba, and increasingly attached to one another. Venus de Milo remains involved with them enough to observe their obsessions grow: they take to video-taping the decomposition of prawns, and they take a personal interest in Alba's childhood, going so far as to ask her to show them a field seen in a photograph on her bedside table. They become obsessed with snails, and they take advantage of their contacts at the zoo to create decomposition videos of more and more complex animals, moving gradually up the food chain. Excerpts from Sir David Attenborough's TV series Life on Earth, including his narration, are featured in the film.[2] Alba becomes a subject for the experiments of her surgeon, who eventually amputates her other leg, claiming it is putting stress on her spine. His true motive is to fashion Alba into a subject of his recreations of Johannes Vermeer paintings; Venus de Milo participates in this process, as well. Ultimately, the Deuce brothers' obsession with decay leads them to the top of the food chain, and to a complex life-and-death negotiation with Alba herself. The brothers' project seems the only possible emotional investment for either of them, so Alba offers herself as the final specimen to be photographed in its decay. However her family intervenes before the brothers can claim her, so they are forced to find another way to create their final time-lapse video. They do so by returning to the field of Alba's childhood and setting up the necessary equipment to facilitate and capture their own decomposition. However a huge infestation of snails covers the equipment and bodies, and finally shorts out the electrical system, halting their grand project.
A Man About the House	British	drama	Leslie Arliss	Two impecunious English sisters, Ellen and Agnes Isit (Dulcie Gray and Margaret Johnston), unexpectedly inherit a Neapolitan villa from a deceased uncle and move to Italy to view and sell their property. A local man, Salvatore (Kieron Moore), has since a boy been employed by the deceased uncle becoming major domo and he now manages the villa and its vineyard. Exploring her late uncles' studio, Ellen uncovers a painting of a nude Salvatore as Bacchus. Soon Ellen becomes drawn to the carefree life of the locals and the romantic charisma of Salvatore, while the prudish Agnes resists. During the raucous revelry of the grape-treading festival, Agnes succumbs to her suppressed desire. Rushing to the balcony she cries out for Salvatore who drops Ellen and climbs from the grape vat and to her bed. The pair are quickly married, and husband Salvatore now is master of the estate. Soon, Ellen becomes aware of a change in Salvatore's behaviour towards Agnes. Not long after the marriage, Agnes' health begins to deteriorate and Ellen's suspicions are aroused. She expresses her concerns to a visiting English doctor, Benjamin Dench (Guy Middleton) who is Agnes's former fiance'. Ellen is convinced that Agnes is being poisoned. She enlists Dench's help in trying to prove that Salvatore is slowly murdering her sister with arsenic. The villa once belonged to Salvatore's family and he has long been determined to regain ownership. Having poisoned his employer to inherit he had not anticipated the sisters arrival on the scene. The film culminates in a clifftop struggle between Salvatore and Dench, who beats Salvatore and tells him to leave at once or face the consequences. Ellen and Dench return to the villa to tend the sickened and weak Agnes. Suddenly they learn that Salvatore is dead. His body is borne from the bay by villagers, having cast himself from the clifftop in despair rather than lose his family property. Ellen and Dench, who have fallen in love, depart together and leave the recovered Agnes who is determined to remain at the villa and to fulfil her dead husbands' wishes restoring the vineyards.
Blind Fury	American	drama	Phillip Noyce	While serving in Vietnam, American soldier Nick Parker (Rutger Hauer) was blinded by a mortar explosion. Rescued by local villagers, he recovered his health and, though he remains blind, was trained to master his other senses and be an expert swordsman. Years later, having returned to the United States, he visits old army buddy Frank Deveraux (Terry O'Quinn), only to find that Deveraux is missing. Parker meets Frank's son Billy (Brandon Call) and his mother Lynn (Meg Foster), Frank's ex-wife. Minutes later, Frank's evil boss, Claude MacCready's (Noble Willingham) henchman Slag (Randall Tex Cobb) arrives with two corrupt police officers to kidnap Billy to use as leverage over Frank. Nick stops them; the officers are killed, Billy is knocked unconscious, but Slag mortally wounds Billy's mom before he escapes. With her last words, Lynn tells Nick to take Billy to his father in Reno, Nevada. At a rest stop on the way to Reno, Parker tells Billy about his mother's death. Billy runs away from Nick and is grabbed by Slag and some henchmen. Slag escapes as Nick rescues Billy a second time, and Billy and Nick (now called Uncle Nick) become fond of one another. They reach Reno and find Frank's girlfriend Annie, who agrees to take them to Frank. After escaping yet another attempted kidnapping by MacCready's men, Annie suggests they hide out at the home of her friend Colleen. Annie takes Nick to MacCready's casino, where Frank is making MacCready's drugs. Annie returns to Colleen's to watch over Billy while Nick saves Frank. Nick and Frank are reunited; Frank takes the key ingredient in MacCready's drugs and destroys the lab. Avoiding casino security, Nick and Frank escape and head to Colleen's to reunite Billy with his dad; they find Colleen dead, Billy and Annie kidnapped, and a note instructing them to bring the drugs to MacCready's mountain penthouse in exchange for Billy and Annie. Knowing it is an ambush, Nick and Frank arm themselves with homemade napalm bombs. After killing all of MacCready's men, they find MacCready holding Billy and Annie at gunpoint. MacCready hired a Japanese assassin (Sho Kosugi) to defeat Nick, but after an epic swordfight between the two, Nick wins by electrocuting the assassin in a hot tub. Slag shoots Nick in the shoulder and Nick throws his sword at Slag, impaling him. MacCready then tries to interfere only to be stopped by Frank. Billy escapes his rope and throws Nick's sword to him, but it lands in the hot tub. As Slag reaches for his gun, Nick grabs hold of the assassin's sword and slashes him, cutting him in half and causing him to fall out of a window. Frank is reunited with his son and Annie, and all are about leave for San Francisco. Nick drops his ticket, choosing not to go; Billy follows Nick, telling him that he needs him. Nick says that he is fond of Billy, but tells him to go back to his dad. He then crosses the street and vanishes as a bus passes him. Saddened by Nick leaving, Billy throws his dinosaur off the bridge where Nick catches it. Billy calls out to Nick one last time and tells him that he'll miss him as Frank catches up to Billy and they embrace; Nick smiles, sheds a tear, puts on his sunglasses and heads to Reno on his own, with Billy's dinosaur in his sling.
Crooklyn	American	drama	Spike Lee	In 1973, nine-year-old Troy Carmichael and her brothers Clinton, Wendell, Nate, and Joseph live in the Bedford-Stuyvesant neighborhood of Brooklyn. The children live with their parents, Woody, a struggling musician, and Carolyn, a schoolteacher. The neighborhood is filled with colorful characters. The Carmichaels' next-door neighbor, Tony Eyes, continuously sings. Snuffy and Right Hand Man are glue sniffers. Vic Powell is a war vet who lives upstairs from the Carmichaels. One day, the Carmichael children get into a dispute with Tony who alleges that they are always throwing trash into his area. The argument escalates when Carolyn and several neighborhood children get involved. Tony is still yelling when Vic comes downstairs. Vic then punches Tony in the face. Troy, who has sneaked out to the corner store, sees Vic getting arrested as she leaves the store. One night, Woody and Carolyn argue about money; Carolyn resents Woody because he is not appreciating their financial situation and uses their money carelessly to fund his solo career. The argument escalates as Carolyn yells for the children to turn off the television. Carolyn later turns off the TV. Clinton turns it back on. Carolyn grabs him for disobeying her and Woody grabs her and carries her out of the room. Woody carries Carolyn out of the room and down the stairs and Nate jumps on Woody's back. The other children hold Carolyn and Carolyn hurts her ankle in the struggle. Carolyn kicks Woody out of the house. Woody brings flowers to Carolyn and the two reconcile. The family then decides to go on a trip. As they are leaving, a worker from Con Ed comes by to shut off the electricity due to an unpaid bill. The trip is postponed and the family has to use candles for light. A few days later, Nate and Troy travel to the South to stay with relatives. Troy stays with her cousin, Viola (Patriece Nelson), who was adopted by Uncle Clem and Aunt Song. Troy has fun with Viola despite a dislike of her snobby Aunt Song and her dog, Queenie. On Troy's tenth birthday, she gets a letter from Carolyn. After reading the letter, Troy decides she wants to go home. When Troy returns to New York, she is picked up at the airport by Aunt Maxine and Uncle Brown. Troy later learns her mother is in the hospital and is taken to see her. Later that evening, Woody tells the kids that their mother has cancer and must stay in the hospital. The boys cry, but Troy remains stoic. In the next scene, one of Troy's brothers wonder if they have to dress up for their mother's funeral. The day of the funeral, Troy is approached by her Aunt Maxine who tries to coax her into trying on the new clothes she's brought telling her it would make Carolyn proud. Troy calmly explains that her mother hates polyester and would never let her wear it then announces to Woody that she is not going to the funeral. Woody explains that Carolyn would want them all together at church. At the house gathering after the funeral, Troy is withdrawn. Joseph comes inside crying, saying that Snuffy and Right Hand Man robbed him. Following her mother's wishes to protect her younger brother, Troy goes outside with a baseball bat and hits Snuffy, telling him to go sniff glue on his own block. Early the next morning, Troy dreams she's hearing her mother's voice. She goes downstairs to see her father trying to kill a rat in the kitchen. Woody then tells her that its all right to cry, saying that even Clinton has cried. Troy concludes that its good that her mother is no longer suffering. In the epilogue, the Carmichael family and their friends carry on with their lives as the summer draws to a close. Troy assumes the matriarch role that Carolyn left behind. Carolyn's spirit praises Troy for taking on such responsibilities.
Sioux City	American	drama	Lou Diamond Phillips	A young Lakota Sioux (Lou Diamond Phillips) is adopted by a wealthy Jewish couple. When he ages he gets in touch with his cultural roots following the death of his mother.
Ghost	American	drama	Jerry Zucker	Sam Wheat, a banker, and his girlfriend Molly Jensen, a potter, renovate and move into an apartment in Manhattan with the help of Sam's friend and co-worker Carl Bruner. One afternoon, Sam confides in Carl his discovery of unusually high balances in obscure bank accounts. He decides to investigate the matter himself, declining Carl's offer of assistance. That night, Sam and Molly are attacked by a mugger who kills Sam in a scuffle before stealing his wallet. Sam sees Molly crying over his body and discovers he is now a ghost; invisible and unable to interact with the mortal world. Molly remains distraught in the days after Sam's death, as Sam remains close to her. Carl comes over and suggests Molly take a walk with him and Sam cannot bring himself to follow. Moments later, the mugger enters the apartment in search of something. When Molly returns, Sam scares their cat into attacking the thug, who flees. Sam follows the mugger to his Brooklyn apartment and learns that the man, Willie Lopez, was sent by an unknown party. After leaving Willie's residence, Sam happens upon the parlor of psychic Oda Mae Brown, a charlatan pretending to commune with dead spirits who is shocked to discover her true psychic gift when she can hear Sam speaking. Sam persuades her to warn Molly that she is in danger. To allay Molly's skepticism, Oda Mae relays information that only Sam could know. Molly gives Willie's address to Carl; she then goes to the police, who have no file for Willie but they show her Oda Mae's lengthy one as a forger and con artist. Meanwhile, Sam follows Carl and is devastated to learn he and Willie are working together. Carl is laundering money for drug dealers and he had Willie rob Sam to get his apartment key, which Carl uses to obtain Sam's book of passwords and transfer the money into a single account under the fictitious Rita Miller. Sam learns from a violent poltergeist haunting the subway system how to manipulate objects with his mind. Sam then persuades Oda Mae to help him thwart Carl. Before Carl can transfer the money for his clients, Oda Mae impersonates Rita Miller, closes the account, and gives the $4 million cashier's check to charity. As Carl desperately searches for the money, Sam reveals his presence by typing his name on the computer keyboard. Carl goes to Molly, who reveals she spotted Oda Mae closing an account at the bank. Carl and Willie go to Oda Mae's place but Sam warns her to take shelter. When Willie arrives, Sam tosses objects at him until Willie flees into the street in a panic and is killed by an oncoming car. Shadowy creatures emerge from the darkness to drag Willie's ghost down to Hell. Sam and Oda Mae return to the apartment where—by levitating a penny into Molly's hand—he convinces Molly that Oda Mae is telling the truth about him. Oda Mae allows Sam to possess her body so he and Molly can share a slow dance. Carl breaks into the apartment but Sam is too exhausted from the possession to fight Carl. The women run onto the fire escape, to a loft under construction, but Carl catches Oda Mae and holds her at gunpoint, demanding the check. A recovered Sam pushes Carl off her so Carl takes Molly hostage, pleading with Sam for the check. Sam disarms Carl and attacks him again. Carl tries to escape through a window and tosses a suspended hook at Sam; the hook swings back to shatter the window and it slides down, fatally impaling Carl with a glass shard. The shadowy creatures return to claim Carl's ghost for Hell. Sam asks if the women are all right. Miraculously, Molly can now hear him. A heavenly light shines in the room, illuminating Sam's presence. Realizing that it is time for him to go with his task now completed, he and Molly share a tearful goodbye and one final kiss. Sam thanks Oda Mae for her help, and she tells him that he is being called home. Sam then walks into the light and onward to Heaven.
A Handful of Dust	British	drama	Charles Sturridge	The marriage of English country gentleman Tony Last and his wife Brenda is falling apart as Brenda begins an affair with social climber John Beaver. When the Last's eight-year-old son John Andrew is killed in a riding accident, Brenda informs Tony of her affair and her wishes for a divorce so she can marry Beaver. Tony is shattered, but initially agrees and intends to provide her with £500 a year. Beaver and his mother have pressed Brenda to demand £2,000 a year. This amount would require Tony to give up Hetton Abbey, his beloved Victorian Gothic house and estate. After determining that Brenda is aware that he would have to give up the estate and knowing as she does how much he loves his home, he withdraws from the divorce arrangements and announces that he intends to travel for six months. On his return, he says, Brenda may have her divorce but without any financial settlement. Without the settlement, Beaver loses interest in Brenda. She is reduced to poverty and Beaver leaves with his mother for California. Tony joins an explorer on an expedition in search of a supposed lost city in the Brazilian forest. The expedition fails and Tony is the last survivor. He is rescued by Mr Todd, a settler who rules over a small community in an inaccessible part of the jungle. The illiterate Mr Todd has a collection of the novels of Charles Dickens, which Tony reads to him. When Mr Todd continues to demur in helping Tony return to civilization, Tony realises he is being held against his will. A search party finally reaches the settlement but Todd has arranged for Tony to be drugged and hidden; he tells the party that Tony has died and gives them his watch to take home. When Tony awakes he learns that his hopes of rescue have gone and that he is condemned to read Dickens to his captor indefinitely. Back in England, Tony's death is accepted; Hetton passes to his cousins who erect a memorial to his memory, while Brenda resolves her situation by marrying Tony's friend Jock Grant-Menzies.
Jungle Fever	American	drama	Spike Lee	Flipper Purify (Wesley Snipes), a successful and happily married architect from Harlem, is married to Drew (Lonette McKee)—together they have one daughter, Ming (Veronica Timbers). At work, he discovers that an Italian-American woman named Angie Tucci (Annabella Sciorra) has been hired as a temp. Angie lives in Bensonhurst with her father, Mike (Frank Vincent), and her two brothers, Charlie (David Dundara) and Jimmy (Michael Imperioli). Angie and her boyfriend Paulie (John Turturro) have been dating since high school, and he runs a corner store. Flipper and Angie begin to spend many nights in the office working late but, one night, the two have sex. The sexual encounter begins their tumultuous relationship. Afterwards, Flipper somehow demands to be up for a promotion at work but when refused by the company for the position Flipper accuses them of racism and abruptly quits his job. Eventually, he admits his infidelity to his longtime friend Cyrus (Spike Lee). Cyrus criticizes Flipper for having an affair with a white woman but Flipper pleads with him not to tell anyone including his wife. Later, Drew learns about his affair, through Cyrus's wife, and throws him out. Flipper in retaliation insults Cyrus's wife and in doing so strains his friendship with Cyrus. Flipper moves in momentarily with his father, The Good Reverend Doctor Purify (Ossie Davis) and Mrs. Purify (Ruby Dee). Later, Angie comes home to a severe and brutal beating with a belt from her father after word gets out that she is dating a black man. Flipper and Angie decide to find a place and move in together. As a couple, they encounter discrimination such as when being refused and ignored entirely by a waitress (Queen Latifah) for dating a white woman, police harassment, and financial issues. Eventually they break up. Things begin to turn worse for Flipper when his crack-addicted brother Gator (Samuel L. Jackson) steals and sells his mother's TV for crack. Flipper searches all over Harlem for Gator, soon finding him in a crack house. He finally gives up on his brother and tells him he is not giving him any more money. When Gator arrives at their parents' house to ask for money, he gets into an altercation with his father that ends with Dr. Purify shooting and killing him, proclaiming his son to be evil and better off dead. He collapses as Mrs. Purify weeps over Gator's body. Another subject the film focuses on is Paulie (John Turturro) who was the former fiancé of Angie and begins to have problems as his friends begin to taunt him for losing his girlfriend to a black man. He asks a black woman, who is one of his customers, on a date. On his way to the date, he is surrounded and assaulted viciously by his friends in his attempt at an interracial relationship. Angie later is accepted back into her father's home and Flipper tries to mend his relationship with his wife but is unsuccessful. He talks to his daughter as she's in bed. As he leaves his house, a young crack-addicted prostitute propositions him--calling him daddy; in response, he throws his arms around her and cries out in torment, realizing a similar future for his own daughter.
Dastaan	Bollywood	drama	B.R. Chopra	Anil and Sunil are identical twin brothers. They have a friend named Meena who likes Sunil. As a child, Sunil gets separated from his family. None of the trio remembers the incident. Sunil is found by a man named Sahay, who renames him Vishnu. Vishnu Sahay (Dilip Kumar) grows up to become a reputed Judge. He has everything, money, fame, happiness and a seemingly devoted wife Mala (Bindu). However, he is blissfully unaware that Mala and his best friend Rajen (Prem Chopra) are having an affair behind his back. Meanwhile, Anil (also Dilip Kumar) has grown into a Don Juan. He is involved with a dancer and also flirts with Meena (Sharmila Tagore), who, however, wants nothing to do with him. One day, Anil accidentally kills a man and runs to Mussoorie to hide from the cops. Judge Vishnu Sahay comes to the same hotel as Anil. When Anil sees Vishnu, he observes that they look alike. If Vishnu's facial hair and spectacles are removed, even the police will have a hard time distinguishing between him and Anil. Vishnu does not realize this. Anil spikes Vishnu's coffee and knocks him out. After removing Vishnu's facial hair and glasses, he checks out of the hotel as Vishnu. However, his plan turns out to be disastrous as Vishnu's car suffers an accident, killing Anil on the spot. From the look of things, the police assume that Vishnu has died. Meanwhile, the real Vishnu is taken into custody as Anil after he gets up. He is, however, proved innocent in court. He sets out for home, expecting to surprise his wife. However, he is shocked to see that his wife and friend are celebrating his death. He learns of their adultery and leaves, distraught and dejected. Mala and Rajen are unaware of his return. Vishnu comes back to Anil's house. Meena recognizes that he is in fact Sunil, but he cannot remember anything. She is perplexed as to why he is not responding to her. Vishnu re-enters the lives of his wife and her lover as Anil, and befriends them. One day, he invites them to see a play staged by himself. Mala goes with Meena to watch the play where Rajen arrives at Anil's place to kill him for ruining his business. There he realizes the truth about Anil's identity as Vishnu reprimands him for being an unfaithful friend. Rajen realizes his mistake and asks for forgiveness from Vishnu who forgives him. Rajen leaves with guilt but falls to his death from the stairs. Mala, who is watching the play realizes everything and walks out of the play in horror. Vishnu follows her to his home, only to find Mala sitting calmly in a chair. He asks her to choose between death and the ignominy of living the rest of her life as an unfaithful wife. She says that she is guilty and no other woman like Mala should be born ever. She says that she has already made a choice and shows an empty poison bottle in her hand. She dies in front of Vishnu. Just then, a sad Meena comes from behind him and places a hand on his shoulder, indicating that she knows everything now.
Chance of a Lifetime	British	drama	Bernard Miles	In the times of austerity after the Second World War, Dickinson works hard to try to keep his failing agricultural implements factory going. His disgruntled workers do not appreciate his efforts, however. He has a suggestion box installed as a safety valve, but the only response is an insult directed at him. When Bland, Dickinson's manager, sacks Bolger, the author of the suggestion, the rest of the workers go out on strike. Dickinson confronts them and, in the heat of the moment, tells them he works much harder than they think and dares them to run the business themselves. Baxter gets the others to take him up on his suggestion, and they elect Stevens and Morris to do just that. Dickinson is taken aback, but reluctantly agrees to let the factory on condition that they pay him annually 5% of the capital value of the business, £120 a week. Bland, the despised works manager, Miss Cooper, Dickinson's secretary and a few others quit as well. That night, Dickinson's solicitor and doctor advise him to take a holiday and recommend Miss Cooper return to work. A supplier changes its credit terms, causing a financial crisis. The local bank manager is unwilling to extend a temporary loan, so Baxter goes to the bank's head office in the City of London and speaks to the bank's managing director, Sir Robert Dysart, but has no luck. Finally, Stevens and Morris put up the deeds to their own homes, Palmer raises money on his insurance policy, and, after some grumbling, some of the workers make up the required sum. Meanwhile, a trade delegation from the (fictitious) country of Xenobia contact the factory to arrange a demonstration of the one-way plough that Dickinson had been working on. Miss Cooper invites Dickinson to attend, but he merely watches from a distance through binoculars. The Xenobians are impressed and order 800 ploughs for £50,000. After the contract is signed, Adam insists the only way to fulfil such a large order is to focus their efforts solely on the plough, to the exclusion of other work they have already contracted for from longtime customers. Morris returns to the factory floor rather than be a party to abandoning their other customers, and Adam takes his place. Meanwhile, a few of the workers, led by Baxter, are unhappy with the new, lower pay rate. Two trades union men are called in to try to sort things out, and Baxter eventually drops his objections. Dickinson shows up at the factory late at night and is invited in for a cup of cocoa by the watchman. He meets Miss Cooper and has a chat with her about how things are going. He learns that Stevens may have trouble with a steel supplier, so the next day he goes to see Garrett, its managing director. Garrett strongly disapproves of the experiment and refuses to help it along, but Dickinson suggests that a newspaper article about its sabotaging, with a photograph of Garrett, would not be in his best interests. The steel is delivered. Then the Xenobian government announces that in view of their foreign currency position, all outstanding import licences are suspended. Dickinson returns and is able to find other foreign customers for the ploughs. Disaster averted, he goes to leave, only for Morris to offer him his old position back. Dickinson accepts a lesser position, and indicates that Adam should be the managing director. Stevens walks out, saying he prefers to do real work.
Big Night	American	drama	Campbell Scott, Stanley Tucci	On the New Jersey Shore in the 1950s, two Italian immigrant brothers from Abruzzo own and operate a restaurant called Paradise. One brother, Primo, is a brilliant, perfectionist chef who chafes under their few customers' expectations of Americanized Italian food. Their uncle's offer for them to return to Rome to help with his restaurant is growing in appeal to Primo. The younger brother, Secondo, is the restaurant manager, a man enamored of the possibilities presented by their new endeavor and life in America. Despite Secondo's efforts and Primo's magnificent food, their restaurant is failing. Secondo's struggles as a businessman render him unable to commit to his girlfriend Phyllis, and he has recently been sleeping with Gabriella, the wife of a competitor. Her husband's eponymous restaurant, Pascal's, has succeeded despite (or perhaps due to) the mediocre, uninspired food served there. Desperate to keep Paradise afloat, Secondo asks Pascal for a loan. Pascal demurs, repeating a past offer for the brothers to work for him. This Secondo refuses to do; he and his brother want their own restaurant. In a seemingly generous gesture, Pascal insists that he will persuade popular Italian-American singer Louis Prima to dine at Paradise when in town, assuming the celebrity jazz singer's patronage will revitalize the brothers' business. Primo and Secondo plunge themselves into preparation for this big night, spending their entire savings on food and inviting people (including a newspaper reporter) to join them in a magnificent feast centered around a timballo, a complicated baked pasta dish. Primo pours his heart into every dish, lavishing care and great expertise on the cooking. As they wait for Prima and his entourage to arrive, the diners indulge in the exquisite food and partake in a fabulous celebration. Hours pass, however, and it becomes apparent that the famous singer is not coming. Phyllis catches Secondo and Gabriella kissing and runs off to the beach. At Gabriella's insistence, Pascal admits that he never called Louis Prima, thus ending the party. Secondo follows Phyllis to the beach where they have a final quarrel. Primo and Secondo have a fiery, heart-wrenching argument, chafing at their mutual differences. In the wee hours of the morning, Pascal admits to Secondo that he set the brothers up for failure; not as revenge for Secondo's affair with Gabriella but because the brothers would have no choice but to return to Italy or work for Pascal. Secondo denies him, saying they will never work for him. As dawn breaks, Secondo silently cooks an omelette. When done, he divides it among three plates, giving one to Cristiano, their waiter, and eating one himself. Primo hesitantly enters, and Secondo hands him the last plate. They eat without speaking, and lay their arms across one another's shoulders.
Keepers of Youth	British	drama	Thomas Bentley	The arrival of Mr. Knox, the new sports instructor at a British public school, heralds trouble. He imposes his dominant personality to influence colleagues and the headmaster alike, and then attempts to force himself on Millicent, the assistant matron.
King of the Hill	American	drama	Steven Soderbergh	Based on the Depression-era bildungsroman memoir of writer A. E. Hotchner, the film follows the story of a boy struggling to survive on his own in a hotel in St. Louis after his mother enters a sanatorium with tuberculosis. His father, a German immigrant and traveling salesman working for the Hamilton Watch Company, is off on long trips from which the boy cannot be certain he will return.
Aami Adu	Bengali	drama	Somnath Gupta	It is the early 2000s; George W. Bush is the President of the United States and Saddam Hussein is the President of Iraq. Meanwhile, Aadu, a young poor Hindu girl living in a village in Murshidabad, India, falls in love with Suleman, a Muslim garment supplier who lives in the nearby village of Amodiya. Suleman dreams of learning English and becoming a fluent speaker, so he can go overseas and find a job. Though Aadu and Suelman follow different religions, their families allow them to marry, and the marriage goes off smoothly.[1][2] The impoverished Suleman decides to head to Iraq with his friend Jabbar in search of a good job, leaving his new wife Aadu in the village. Then, in March 2003, the United States invades Iraq. Because of the war and the resulting political turmoil, all communication links between Aadu's village and Iraq are cut off. Aadu and the villagers gradually learn news about the bombings and destruction in Iraq and are horrified. The helpless Aadu decides to write a letter to U.S. President George W. Bush, whom she heard was all powerful, informing him about the troubles in her life caused by the Iraq War.[1][2]
A Clockwork Orange	British	drama	Stanley Kubrick	In a futuristic Britain, Alex DeLarge is the leader of a gang of droogs, Georgie, Dim and Pete. One night, after getting intoxicated on drug-laden milk-plus, they engage in an evening of ultra-violence, which includes a fight with a rival gang led by Billyboy. They drive to the country home of writer F. Alexander and beat him to the point of crippling him for life. Alex then rapes his wife while singing Singin' in the Rain. The next day, while truant from school, Alex is approached by his probation officer Mr. P.R. Deltoid, who is aware of Alex's activities and cautions him. Alex's droogs express discontent with petty crime and want more equality and high yield thefts, but Alex asserts his authority by attacking them. Later, Alex invades the home of a wealthy cat-lady and bludgeons her with a phallic sculpture while his droogs remain outside. On hearing sirens, Alex tries to flee but Dim smashes a bottle on his face, stunning him and leaving him to be arrested by the police. With Alex in custody, Mr. Deltoid gloats that the woman he attacked died, making Alex a murderer. He is sentenced to fourteen years in prison. Two years into the sentence, Alex eagerly takes up an offer to be a test subject for the Minister of the Interior's new Ludovico technique, an experimental aversion therapy for rehabilitating criminals within two weeks. Alex is strapped to a chair, injected with drugs, and forced to watch films of sex and violence with his eyes forced open. Alex becomes nauseated by the films, and then recognises the films are set to music of his favourite composer, Ludwig van Beethoven. Fearing the technique will make him sick upon hearing Beethoven, Alex begs for the end of the treatment. Two weeks later, the Minister demonstrates Alex's rehabilitation to a gathering of officials. Alex is unable to fight back against an actor who taunts and attacks him, and becomes ill at the sight of a topless woman. The prison chaplain complains Alex has been robbed of his free will, but the Minister asserts that the Ludovico technique will cut crime and alleviate crowding in the prisons. Alex is let out as a free man, only to find his parents have sold his possessions as restitution to his victims, and have let out his room. Alex encounters an elderly vagrant whom he had attacked years earlier, and the vagrant and his friends attack him. Alex is saved by two policemen, but is shocked to find they are his former droogs Dim and Georgie. They drive him to the countryside, beat him up, and nearly drown him before abandoning him. Alex barely makes it to the doorstep of a nearby home before collapsing. Alex wakes up to find himself in the home of Mr. Alexander, where he is being cared for by Alexander's manservant, Julian. Mr. Alexander does not recognise Alex from the previous attack but knows of Alex and the Ludovico technique from the newspapers. He sees Alex as a political weapon, and prepares to present him to his colleagues. While bathing, Alex breaks into Singin' in the Rain, causing Mr. Alexander to realise that Alex was the person who assaulted him and his wife. With help from his colleagues, Mr. Alexander drugs Alex and locks him in an upstairs bedroom. He then plays Beethoven's Ninth Symphony loudly from the floor below. Alex is unable to withstand the sickening pain and attempts suicide by throwing himself out the window, falling unconscious on the ground. Alex wakes up in a hospital with broken bones. While being given a series of psychological tests, Alex finds that he no longer has aversions to violence and sex. The Minister arrives and apologises to Alex. He offers to take care of Alex and get him a job in return for his cooperation with his election campaign and public relations counter-offensive. As a sign of goodwill, the Minister brings in a stereo system playing Beethoven's Ninth. Alex then contemplates violence and has vivid thoughts of himself having sex with a woman in front of an approving crowd, thinking: I was cured, all right!
Running on Empty	American	drama	Sidney Lumet	Parents Annie and Arthur Pope are on the run, as they were responsible for the anti-war protest bombing of a napalm laboratory in the 1970s. The incident accidentally blinded and paralyzed a janitor who wasn't supposed to be there. They've been on the run ever since, relying on an underground network of supporters who help them financially. At the time of the incident, their son Danny was two years old. As the film begins, he is in his late teens, and the family, now with younger son Harry, are again relocating and assuming new identities. Danny's overwhelming talent as a pianist catches the attention of his music teacher at school. The teacher begins to pry into Danny's personal life, particularly questioning why records from his previous school are unobtainable. While he pushes Danny to audition for Juilliard, Danny also falls in love with Lorna, the teacher's teenage daughter. As the pressure to have his own life and realize his own dreams intensifies, Danny reveals his family secret to Lorna. Meanwhile, Annie finds out about Danny's audition, and begins to come to terms with the fact that she must let her son go and find his own way. This does not sit well with Arthur, even as Annie risks their safety to contact her estranged father and arrange a home and life for Danny, if they should decide to leave him behind. When Arthur hears on the radio that one of their underground colleagues has been shot and killed running from the authorities, he realizes that it is better for his son to pursue his dreams than to continue living a dangerous life, on the run from crimes for which Danny bears no responsibility. The family leaves Danny behind and heads off for their next identity in a new town.
Never Take No for an Answer	British	drama	Maurice Cloche, Ralph Smart	Nine year old war orphan Peppino Arrigo lives in the Italian town of Assisi with his donkey, Violetta. The two are devoted to each other and make a living transporting goods for the locals. One night, Violetta falls seriously ill and Peppino runs for the vet, who, on examining her, tells Peppino that he can do nothing to save her and that she may live for only another week or two. Very worried, Peppino takes Violetta to the church of St Francis, hoping that the priests will let him take her down into the crypt to be blessed and cured at the shrine of St Francis, but the priests will not allow it. Only the Holy Father himself could give such permission. So Peppino decides to take the matter to the very top and, leaving Violetta in the loving care of a friend, he sets off alone on an eighty-mile journey to see the Pope in Rome and get that permission. But, when he finally reaches Rome, he finds to his dismay that getting inside the Vatican to see the Pope will be no mean feat. However, Peppino will not take no for an answer...
Night Train for Inverness	British	drama	Ernest Morris	Roy Lewis, just released from gaol, kidnaps his young son Ted and takes him on a train bound for Inverness. However, Lewis doesn't know that Ted is diabetic and faces death without regular insulin injections. Meanwhile, a police manhunt is launched.
Caravaggio	British	drama	Derek Jarman	Told in a segmented fashion, the film opens as Caravaggio (Nigel Terry) dies from lead poisoning while in exile, with only his long-time deaf-dumb companion Jerusaleme (Spencer Leigh) (who was given by his family to the artist as a boy) by his side. Caravaggio thinks back to his life as a teenage street ruffian (Dexter Fletcher) who hustles and paints. While taken ill and in the care of priests, young Caravaggio catches the eye of Cardinal Del Monte (Michael Gough). Del Monte nurtures Caravaggio's artistic and intellectual development but also appears to molest him. As an adult, Caravaggio still lives under the roof and paints with the funding of Del Monte. Caravaggio is shown employing street people, drunks and prostitutes as models for his intense, usually religious paintings (see the article on the painter for examples). He is depicted as frequently brawling, gambling, getting drunk and is implied to sleep with both male and female models. In the art world, Caravaggio is regarded as vulgar and entitled due to his Vatican connections. One day, Ranuccio (Sean Bean), a street fighter for pay, catches Caravaggio's eye as a subject and potential lover. Ranuccio also introduces Caravaggio to his girlfriend Lena (Tilda Swinton), who also becomes an object of attraction and a model to the artist. When both Ranuccio and Lena are separately caught kissing Caravaggio, each displays jealousy over the artist's attentions. One day, Lena announces she is pregnant (although she does not state who the father is) and will become a mistress to the wealthy Scipione Borghese (Robbie Coltrane). Soon, she is found murdered by drowning. As the weeping Ranuccio looks on, Caravaggio and Jerusaleme clean Lena's body. Caravaggio is shown painting Lena after she dies and mournfully writhing with her nude body. Ranuccio is arrested for Lena's murder, although he claims to be innocent. Caravaggio pulls strings and goes to the Pope himself to free Ranuccio. When Ranuccio is freed, he tells Caravaggio he killed Lena so they could be together. In response, Caravaggio cuts Ranuccio's throat, killing him. Back on his deathbed, Caravaggio is shown having visions of himself as a boy and trying to refuse the last rites offered him by the priests. In keeping with Caravaggio's use of contemporary dress for his Biblical figures, Jarman intentionally includes several anachronisms in the film that do not fit with Caravaggio's life in the 16th century. In one scene, Caravaggio is in a bar lit with electric lights. Another character is seen using an electronic calculator. Car horns are heard honking outside of Caravaggio's studio and in one scene Caravaggio is seen leaning on a green truck. Cigarette smoking, a motorbike, and the use of a manual typewriter also feature in the film.
Odd Man Out	British	drama	Carol Reed	The film's opening intertitle reads: The city and the organisation are never explicitly named, but the protagonist, Johnny McQueen (James Mason), is the IRA-like group's leader in the city. Johnny has been hiding the past six months since his escape from prison in a house occupied by Kathleen Sullivan (Kathleen Ryan) – who loves him – and her grannie. Johnny has been ordered to rob a mill to obtain funds. His men, however, are a bit uneasy about his fitness for the task, having noticed a change in him since his escape; he has expressed his new belief that negotiation might achieve their goals more effectively than violence. Dennis (Robert Beatty) offers to take his place, but Johnny turns him down. Johnny, Nolan (Dan O'Herlihy) and Murphy get the money. As they leave, Johnny is confronted by an armed cashier. Johnny is shot in the left arm before he kills the cashier. Pat (Cyril Cusack) drives off at high speed before Johnny is fully inside the getaway car. Johnny falls off. While his confederates argue about what to do, Johnny gets up and dashes away. Dennis orders the others to report to headquarters. Along the way, however, the trio arouse the suspicion of the police, out in force on a manhunt for the robbers. They are pursued, but get away. Pat and Nolan stop off at Theresa O'Brien's place; Murphy does not trust her and goes elsewhere. She betrays the pair to the authorities. As they leave, they are gunned down after they start shooting. Dennis finds Johnny, but the police show up nearby. Dennis is captured after drawing them away. Johnny makes his way toward Kathleen's place, but collapses in the street. Passersby Maureen and Maudie take him home, thinking he has been struck by a passing lorry. When they discover who he is, Johnny departs and gets into a parked hansom cab. Gin Jimmy (Joseph Tomelty), the cabdriver, comes out and starts looking for a fare, unaware he already has a wanted man for a passenger. When he finds out, he drops Johnny off as quickly as he can. Shell (F. J. McCormick) spots him dumping the now nearly unconscious fugitive. A poor man, he goes to Catholic priest Father Tom (W. G. Fay), hoping for a financial reward. By chance, Kathleen arrives shortly afterward, looking for help. Father Tom persuades Shell to fetch Johnny. Shell, while dropping off his pet bird at home, has to fend off another resident, (the possibly mentally unstable) painter Lukey (Robert Newton), who wants him to pose some more for him. Meanwhile, Johnny revives and stumbles into a private booth in a crowded bar. Proprietor Fencie (William Hartnell) recognises him; wanting no trouble, he closes his establishment a bit early. He then recruits Shell and the persistent Lukey, who have separately converged on the bar, to take Johnny away in a cab. Over Shell's protests, Lukey takes Johnny back to his studio to paint his portrait. Failed medical student Tober (Elwyn Brook-Jones) tends to Johnny's wound as best he can. Johnny hallucinates, thinking Father Tom is talking to him. Johnny then speaks aloud (drooling crazily throughout) parts of 1 Corinthians 13, first verse 13 (When I was a child ...), then 1-2 (Though I speak ... and have not charity, I am nothing.). When a sympathetic police inspector (Denis O'Dea), who had earlier led a search of Katleen's home and warned her against getting involved, shows up to try to get information from Father Tom, Kathleen slips away. She arranges passage on a ship for Johnny and goes searching for him. Shell starts Johnny toward Father Tom's, then goes ahead and encounters Kathleen. She takes Johnny to the ship, but finds the police closing in. Johnny is too far gone to see them. When he asks, Is it far?, Kathleen replies, It's a long way, Johnny, but I'm coming with you. She then draws a gun and starts firing, forcing the policemen to shoot back, killing them both.
Seagulls Over Sorrento	British	drama	John Boulting, Roy Boulting	A small group of British sailors stationed on a Scottish island engaged in top-secret research on a new and dangerous torpedo are joined by a US Navy scientist, Lt. Brad Bradville (Gene Kelly), and his assistants. When several tests of the weapon fail, and men are killed, tensions within the group mount. Bradville must prove that the torpedo can work and win over the British, especially Lt. Rogert Wharton (John Justin), before the Admiralty pulls the plug on the project.
A World Apart	British	drama	Chris Menges	Set in Johannesburg in 1963, the film examines the abrupt ending of 13-year-old Molly's blithe childhood when her father, a member of the South African Communist Party, is sent into exile. Ostracised by her peers, Molly draws closer to her mother as she attempts to further the campaign against apartheid. Their relationship is challenged by hardship, political intimidation, and the older woman's eventual arrest. The film title references both the gap between the mother and her teenage girl, who fails to grasp why their family is so fixated with events beyond their comfortable suburb, and another separating this world from that of South Africa's poverty-stricken black townships. Essentially, the film is a tribute to Ruth First by her daughter and concludes in a moment of epiphany as Molly comes to terms with her mother's activism and understands that she too must play a part in the struggle to protest racial injustice.
Chupkatha	Bengali	drama	Souvick Sarkar and Dipankar	The film is about an extra-marital affair involving a married man and a medical student. Sambit (Silajit Majumder) and his wife (Aparajita Auddy) are in love but they could never express their love for each other. Anwesha (Payel Roy) is a young medical student who happens to be as lonely as Sambit. Both of them required someone to share their emotions with. As a result, they start finding themselves comfortable with each other. Sambit helps Anwesha while she is still a student and in return, she gives him company. They experience an unspoken closeness towards each other and fall into a complicated relationship. Because the relationship has no future, neither of them could express their feelings, even as they love and share a mutual respect towards each other. Sambit later has a heart attack and Anwesha performs the operation for free since she considered she owed Sambit this. In the end, they part just as they meet, and things remain the way they were earlier.[3]
Akenfield	British	drama	Peter Hall	The central character Tom (Garrow Shand) is a young man living alone in a cottage with his widowed mother (Peggy Cole) in the 1970s. The setting is within the few days surrounding the funeral of Tom's grandfather, who was born and grew up in the village in the early 1900s, experienced much poverty and hard work, fought in the First World War (where he lost most of his comrades), returned, made a failed attempt to escape the village by walking to Newmarket for a job, took a wife in the village and lived in a tied cottage on the farmer's estate for the rest of his life. His son, Tom's father, was killed in the Second World War, and Tom has grown up hearing all sorts of stories from his grandfather. Everyone around him says what a good old boy his grandfather was, and remembers the old days, but all Tom can hear is the words of his grandfather ringing in his ears, and now in 1974 he is making his own plans to get away, with or without his girlfriend. The cycle goes round and round, and all the time the customs and the landscape are so colourful and beautiful, with prominent and striking use of music by Michael Tippett (Fantasia Concertante on a Theme of Corelli), but with the skull-like menace of poverty, entrapment and war grinning through the veil of rural beauty. Will Tom be defeated by the land and the hard work, just as his grandfather was? Shand plays all three generations, grandfather, father and son.
The Ballad of the Sad Café	British	drama	Simon Callow	A lonely moonshiner named Miss Amelia dominates a small Georgia town. She changes in attitude and kindness as two men, Cousin Lymon (a small, hunchbacked man claiming to be Miss Amelia's cousin) and Marvin Macy (Miss Amelia's ex-husband) enter her life.
The Triple Echo	British	drama	Michael Apted	In England during World War II, Alice, a woman running a farm in the countryside, discovers a man named Barton roaming the fields. He helps around the farm and the two become friends, then lovers. Barton decides to desert the army. Alice offers him refuge in exchange for help running the farm in the absence of her husband, who has been taken prisoner by the Japanese. Barton puts Alice's ailing dog out of its misery by shooting it with her husband's shotgun.[4] When the military police begin to search for Barton. he must take measures to avoid being caught, so Alice helps him form the disguise of a woman, Jill, her sister. A sergeant soon begins to take a liking to Jill. As Christmas approaches, the sergeant returns to invite Alice and Jill to a Christmas party. Alice declines, but Barton, wanting to get out and have some fun, accepts the offer. Alice disapproves. During the party, the sergeant and another soldier take Jill and a woman into a back room to engage in some sexual activity, but when Jill forces the sergeant away he realises that Jill is really a man. Barton escapes, and the military police follow, hunt him near the farm house where Alice is waiting. Because Alice does not want Barton to suffer at the hands of the soldiers, she shoots him dead with her husband's shotgun.
Wonder	American	drama	Stephen Chbosky	August Auggie Pullman is a young boy raised in North River Heights in upper Manhattan, New York. He has a rare medical facial deformity, which he refers to as mandibulofacial dysostosis. Due to numerous surgeries (27), Auggie had been home-schooled by his parents Isabel and Nate, but as Auggie is approaching middle school age, Isabel and Nate decide to send him to Beecher Prep, a mainstream private school. Fifth grade is tough for Auggie who is ostracized by nearly all the student body. He is bullied by being called a freak and rumors were spread that kids will get the plague if they touch him. He does befriend a boy named Jack Will. Halloween is Auggie's favorite holiday. He has to wear an old Ghostface mask and costume because his dog, Daisy, threw up on his Boba Fett costume. He walks around school unrecognized and is not tormented while incognito. As he walks through the door to his homeroom, he overhears his friend Jack telling Julian Albans that he was only pretending to be friends with Auggie. Feeling betrayed, Auggie leaves school and wants to stay home during trick-or-treating. His older sister Olivia, nicknamed Via, tells him she is still his friend and talks him out of it. Auggie later confides the incident to a new friend, named Summer, but swears her to secrecy. When Jack notices that Auggie has become quiet and distant he asks Summer why, but she only gives him the clue Ghost Face. Jack is shocked when it dawns on him that it was Auggie wearing the Ghost Face costume, and thus had overheard everything he said to Julian. When Julian calls Auggie a freak, Jack angrily punches him in the face and a fight ensues between the two, which is soon broken up by their homeroom teacher Mr. Browne. Jack is suspended for two days for his actions. He apologizes to Auggie and the two friends reconcile. They even team up for a winning science project. During the middle of the school year, Auggie is constantly bullied by Julian and his friends Amos, Miles, and Henry. They leave hurtful and threatening notes on his desk and tape their class picture on his locker with Auggie photoshopped out. Mr. Tushman confronts Julian and his parents. Julian's mother assures the principal that her boy is no bully. She even proclaims that she had Auggie edited out of the picture because she didn't want people to only care about Auggie and his family more than Julian. She also threatens to pull their funding from the school. Tushman shows all of his evidence and suspends Julian for two days, along with making him stay home from the annual nature retreat. As he and his parents leave, a remorseful Julian apologizes to Tushman for his behavior which the principal proudly accepts. Via has her own teen problems as well as feeling left out with all of the parental attention given to her sick brother. Her best friend, Miranda, has been ignoring her all year but she meets a new boy Justin who encourages her to join Drama Club. Via and Justin develop a close friendship which later turns into a romantic relationship and her first kiss. Via is selected to be an understudy for the lead role in the school's production of Our Town, but Miranda gets the lead role. Miranda realizes the pain and harm she's done to Via, and on opening night pretends to fall ill. Via takes her place and gives a performance that earns her a standing ovation. During the nature retreat, Auggie and Jack are harassed by a group of seventh graders from another school and Amos, Miles, and Henry come to their defense. After their return to school, Auggie is generally more accepted by his classmates, including the reformed Julian. At the school's year end graduation ceremony, Tushman announces that Auggie has been selected for the Henry Ward Beecher Medal for being a strong standing out student. Auggie receives a standing ovation. His mother Isabel calls Auggie her wonder. The movie ends with a shot of a floating astronaut: Auggie's goal in life.
Chitrangada	Bengali	drama	Rituparno Ghosh	Rudra Chatterjee has spent his life going against social convention. As a young man he defied his father's wishes, and became a choreographer instead of an engineer. As he prepares with his team to stage Tagore's Chitrangada, he meets Partho, Jisshu Sengupta who is a drug-addict percussionist introduced to the team by the main dancer Kasturi Raima Sen. Soon, Rudra develops a chemistry with Partho and they are deep into a passionate love affair. During the course of their relationship, they decide to adopt a child. But there is one problem: same-sex couples are not permitted to adopt children. So Rudra decides to go through a gender change treatment to embrace the womanhood he longs for. But will this surgery change his life and fulfill all his long-cherished dreams? The story ends with the line 'Be What You Wish To Be'. The movie comes out with the message that it's your wish to choose your gender. The movie was a great success with the first class acting of Rituparno Ghosh and other casting crew. The movie exhibits the struggles and day-to-day life of a gay choreographer and his father and mother. It becomes an inspiration to a million for the acceptance of all people in the society and it also becomes an inspiration to the people who can relate themselves with Rudra.
Aankhon Aankhon Mein	Bollywood	drama	Raghunath Jhalani	Kulwant Rai is a prominent and wealthy businessman. He relies solely on his son, Rakesh, to run his business. His second son, Naresh, is idle and untrustworthy, and is born out of marriage with his second wife, Shobha. When Kulwant Rai passes away suddenly, Shobha entrusts the entire business dealings on Rakesh, and has Naresh assist him. Naresh gambles, and even molests a woman employee, and is severely reprimanded by Rakesh. Naresh and his maternal uncle, instigate Shobha against Rakesh, who humiliates him, and as a result Rakesh leaves the house. He takes up employment in the far regions of Himachal Pradesh, in Northern India, which includes the construction of a dam. This news does not augur well with the local tribesmen, and they warn and assault him, but Rakesh persists, and is able to convince the head of the tribe, Thakur, of his good intentions. Things take a turn for the worse, when the tribe finds out that Rakesh has been wooing one of their tribeswomen, namely the daughter of the Thakur, Parvati, and it is at this point that Rakesh must decide to continue his romance with Parvati, or give her up for his project.
Maj Rati Keteki	Assamese	drama	Santwana Bardoloi	After a long gap of more than ten years, renowned writer Priyendu Hazarika returns to the town where once he was inspired to begin his journey as a writer. A book at times imitates the author’s life. Memories stir and he remembers people he loved and lost. He admits to lacking the courage to weave a painful, harsh truth into his stories. At the end of the day however, he decides to face his own truth, alone, away from the appreciative audience.
The Scarlet Pimpernel	British	drama	Clive Donner	In 1792 during the Reign of Terror of the French Revolution, a secret league of brave Englishmen are rescuing French aristocrats from the guillotine. The leader of this secret society is a mysterious English nobleman known only as the Scarlet Pimpernel, whose signature sign is a humble wayside flower. In society he hides his identity by posing as the wealthy but foppish and seemingly empty-headed Sir Percy Blakeney (Anthony Andrews). After rescuing the Count de Beaulieu and his family, Percy is introduced to the beautiful French actress Marguerite St. Just (Jane Seymour) through her brother, Armand (Malcolm Jamieson), whom he rescued from an attack. Percy is attracted to Marguerite, but she is in a relationship with Paul Chauvelin (Ian McKellen), an agent of Maximilien Robespierre. Due to the Scarlet Pimpernel's past successes, Chauvelin is assigned to discover his identity and capture him. After Percy and his associates smuggle another aristocrat out of the city while picnicking with Marguerite, Chauvelin deduces that the Scarlet Pimpernel must be an English nobleman, and tries to coerce the Count de Tournay (Denis Lill) to spy on the English court for the Republic. Later, Marguerite and Chauvelin have an argument over the executions and he angrily departs. Percy reveals his identity to Armand and convinces him to use his connections to Chauvelin to investigate the French prison holding the Dauphin, son of the former King of France. Soon after, the Scarlet Pimpernel and his associates rescue de Tournay's family. Following a passionate courtship, Percy marries Marguerite, but soon their happiness is interrupted when he discovers that she apparently signed the arrest warrant of the Marquis de St. Cyr and his family, the man responsible for the previous attack on Armand. This leads to beheadings of the entire St. Cyr family. Believing that she was seeking revenge and is still in league with Chauvelin, Percy becomes distrustful of his new wife. Unaware of her husband's knowledge of her extorted role in the deaths of the St. Cyr family, Marguerite unhappily notices his growing disdain for her and for married life. Armand advises Percy to tell Marguerite about his suspicions so that she may defend herself, but Percy refuses, even though he admits he will love her until the day he dies. Soon after, Chauvelin discovers that Armand is in league with the Scarlet Pimpernel, and summons him back to Paris. Blackmailing Marguerite by threatening her brother's life, Chauvelin coerces her into discovering the vigilante's identity. After finding that the Scarlet Pimpernel is to rendezvous at midnight, Marguerite tells Chauvelin. However, she immediately warns the Scarlet Pimpernel—actually her husband, unbeknownst to her—and adds that Chauvelin betrayed her trust and faked her signature. Percy's faith in his wife is restored. Having been thwarted from encountering them, Chauvelin angrily leaves for Paris. Percy and his associates also depart for France to save Armand and the Dauphin. Marguerite notices that Percy's family crest bears a scarlet pimpernel, and quickly deduces his identity. After Armand arranges the firing of the gaolers in charge of the Dauphin's care, Percy and his associates use the removal of their belongings to smuggle the Dauphin out of the city. The boy is taken to a castle on the French coast, but Percy is soon captured while trying to save Armand. Marguerite visits her husband in prison, where he tells her to arrange for the Baron de Batz—an Austrian interested in saving the Dauphin—to smuggle the boy out of France the following night. Later, Percy agrees to personally bring Chauvelin to the Dauphin. Chauvelin and Percy, along with Marguerite and Armand who are hostages, arrive at the castle, but the Dauphin has already been removed. Angered by the deception, Chauvelin orders Percy's execution, but the firing squad consists of members of the league of the Scarlet Pimpernel, disguised as Chauvelin's troops. Percy is rescued and returns to duel with Chauvelin, and is victorious. Percy decides to leave Chauvelin's fate to Robespierre. Impersonating Chauvelin to ensure their escape, Armand departs from the castle along with the French troops that Chauvelin had stationed there. Percy and Marguerite sail away, happily in love
A River Runs Through It	American	drama	Robert Redford	The Maclean brothers, Norman and Paul, grow up in Missoula, Montana with their father, Presbyterian minister John, from whom they learn a love of fly fishing for trout in the Blackfoot River. They learn to cast using a ticking metronome. The boys become accomplished fishermen as a result. Norman and Paul are home taught and must adhere to the strict moral and educational code of their father. As they grow older, it becomes clear that Norman is more disciplined and studious, while Paul is fun-loving, wild, and the more talented fisherman. Norman attends a July 4th dance with his friends after returning home from six years away at Dartmouth, where he meets Jessie Burns. Paul has become a reporter at a newspaper in Helena. He has angered many of the locals by falling behind in a big poker game at a bar that is a front for gambling and prostitution. He is also dating an Indian woman, Mabel, who is deemed inferior by the community. Paul is arrested after fighting a man who has insulted her, and Norman is awakened in the middle of the night by a phone call from the police to come and bail Paul out of jail. After Norman and Jessie go on several dates, she asks that Norman make an effort to get along with her brother Neal, who is visiting from California. Norman and Paul do not like Neal, but at Jessie's insistence they invite him to go fishing. Neal shows up drunk with a woman he met at a bar the night before. Norman and Paul decide to fish anyway and return to their car hours later to find that Neal and the woman have drunk all the beer and passed out naked in the sun. Norman returns a painfully sunburned Neal home, where Jessie is waiting for them. She is angry that the brothers did not fish with Neal. Norman asks Jessie to drive him home, as he had brought Neal back in Neal's car, and he tells her that he is falling for her. She drives away angry but a week later asks Norman to come to the train station to see Neal off. After the train departs, Norman shows Jessie a letter from the University of Chicago: a job offer for an English Literature teaching position. Norman asks Jessie to marry him. When Norman tells Paul about the job offer and marriage proposal, he urges Paul to come with him and Jessie to Chicago. Paul says that he will never leave Montana. Just before leaving for Chicago, Norman, Paul, and their father go fly fishing one last time. Paul catches a huge fish that drags him down the river through a set of rapids before he finally lands it. John proudly tells him what a wonderful fisherman he has become, and how he is an artist in the craft, much to Paul's delight. They pose for pictures with the huge fish. Soon after the fishing excursion, Norman is called by the police, who tell him that Paul has been found beaten to death in an alley. Norman goes home and tells his parents the news. Years later, Mrs. Maclean, Norman, Jessie, and their two children listen to a sermon being given by John, who dies soon after. Norman is now an old man, back in the Montana river where he used to fish with his family many years before. He says that nearly everyone from his youth is dead, including Jessie, and that he is haunted by waters.
Shakespeare-Wallah	British	drama	James Ivory	Loosely based on the real-life actor-manager Geoffrey Kendal's family and his travelling Shakespeareana Company, which earned him the Indian sobriquet Shakespearewallah, the film follows the story of nomadic British actors as they perform Shakespeare plays in towns in post-colonial India.[2] In this story, Tony Buckingham (Geoffrey Kendal) and his wife Carla (Laura Liddell) oversee the troupe. Their daughter, Lizzie Buckingham (Felicity Kendal), falls in love with Sanju (Shashi Kapoor), who is also romancing Manjula (Madhur Jaffrey), a Bollywood film star. In real life, Shashi Kapoor fell in love with Felicity's elder sister Jennifer Kendal. Their marriage provided an important contribution to the Indian film industry until Kendal's death in 1984.
Darling	British	drama	John Schlesinger	Diana Scott (Julie Christie) is a beautiful, bored young model married to Tony Bridges (Trevor Bowen). One day, Diana meets Robert Gold (Dirk Bogarde), a literary interviewer/director for television arts programmes, by chance when she is spotted on the street by his roving film crew and interviewed by him about young people's views on convention. Diana is invited to watch the final edit in the TV studio and there their relationship starts. After liaisons in bleak hotel rooms they leave their spouses (and, in Robert's case, children) and move into an apartment. As a couple, they become part of the fashionable London media/arts set. Initially, Diana is jealous when Robert sees his wife (Pauline Yates) while visiting his children, but she quickly loses this attachment when she mixes with the predatory males of the media, arts and advertising scene, particularly Miles Brand (Laurence Harvey), a powerful advertising executive for the Glass Corporation who gets her a part in a trashy thriller after she has sex with him. The bookish Robert prefers the quiet life; it is he who now becomes jealous, but increasingly detached, depressed and lonely. Diana attends a high-class charity draw for world hunger for which she is the face. The event, adorned by giant images of African famine victims, is at the height of cynical hypocrisy and bad taste, showing Diana's rich white set, which now includes the establishment, playing at concern, gorging themselves, gambling and generally behaving decadently. Already showing signs of stress from constantly maintaining the carefree look demanded by the false, empty lifestyle to which she has become a prisoner, Diana becomes pregnant, and has an abortion. She flies to Paris with Miles for more jet-set sophistication. She finds the wild party, beat music, strip dance mind game, cross dressing and predatory males and females vaguely repellent and intimidating, but Diana holds her own, gaining the respect of the weird crowd when she taunts Miles in the game. On her return to London, Robert calls her a whore and leaves her, for which she is not emotionally prepared. Ironically, Miles casts her as The Happiness Girl in the Glass Corporation's advertising campaign for a chocolate firm. On location at a palazzo near Rome, Diana smiles in her medieval/Renaissance costume and completes The Happiness Girl shoot. She is much taken with the beauty of the building and the landscape and gets on well with the Prince, Cesare (José Luis de Villalonga), who owns the palazzo (The Medici villa in Poggio a Caiano was used in the film). With the gay photographer Malcolm (Roland Curram) who has created her now famous look and who is the only person who has shown her any real understanding and friendship, Diana decides to stay on in Italy. They stay in a simple house by a small harbour in Capri. Diana flirts half-heartedly with Catholicism. They are visited by Cesare, who arrives in a huge launch, invites them on board and proposes to Diana. Cesare is widowed and has several children, the oldest of whom is about the same age as Diana. Diana politely declines his proposal, but Cesare leaves the offer open. Diana returns to London, and still living in the flat she shared with Robert, has a party with Miles and other assorted media characters. Robert has aged. Soon disillusioned with Miles and the vacuous London jet set, Diana flirts with the Catholic Church again. Impulsively, she flies out to Italy and marries the Prince, which proves to be ill-considered. Though waited on hand and foot by servants, she is almost immediately abandoned in the vast palazzo by Cesare, who has gone to Rome, presumably to visit a mistress. Diana flees to London to Robert, who, taking advantage of her emotional vulnerability, charms her into bed and into what she thinks is a stable long-term relationship. In the morning, in self-disgust, he tells her that he's leaving her and that he fooled her only as an act of revenge. He reserves a flight to Rome, packs her into his car and takes her to Heathrow airport to send her back to her life as the Princess Della Romita. At the airport, Diana is hounded by the press, who address her reverentially as Princess. She boards the plane to leave.
La Anam (Sleepless)	Egyptian	drama	Salah Abu Seif	Faten Hamama plays Nadia Lutfi, a young woman who belongs to an aristocratic, upper-class family. After her parents divorce each other, her father wins custody of her. She lives with her father (Yehia Chahine) and over the years develops a very close and strong relationship with him to the extent of being sexually attracted towards him, an obsessive behavior known as Electra complex.[4][6][7][8] At the age of 18, she plunges into a premature relationship with Mustafah (Imad Hamdi), a writer and journalist who is quite older a bit than she is. Meanwhile, her father meets and falls in love with another woman, Safia (Myriam Fakhr Eddine). He decides to marry her, which Nadia is forced to accept. However, her father gradually starts spending more time with his new wife, which galls and displeases Nadia who does not receive an equal amount of love and attention anymore. This compels and drives her to step in and ruin their relationship. Now seeing Safia as her enemy, Nadia plots for revenge from her stepmother. Nadia accuses Safia of having an affair with Aziz (Omar Sharif), Nadia's young uncle.[4][6][7] To convince her father, Nadia had to ask her friend Kawthar (Hind Rostom), a voluptuous and licentious woman, to seduce her father. Nadia's successful conspiracy results in a divorce between Safia and her father. Not only that, Nadia's father decides to marry her. Enticed by the wealth of Nadia's father, she agrees to marry him. Nadia is devastated when she discovers that Kawthar is having an affair with another young man, Samir (Rushdy Abaza), realizing that Kawthar is only living with her father for his fortunes.[4][6][7] Mustafah, who had secretly admired Safia, proposed to her after her divorce with Nadia's father. Nadia conceals the truth from her father, worried that such a revelation might strike and shatter him. Her father finds about Samir. Nadia, finding no escape route, lies and tells her father that he is her fiancé. Kawthar nefariously adds that Nadia and Samir are getting married, which Nadia is forced to accept. On the night of her wedding, Nadia shocks her father and the wedding attendants with the startling truth, leaving her father traumatized.[4][6]
Tharlo	Chinese	drama	Pema Tseden	Sheep herder Tharlo (Shide Nyima) or commonly known as Ponytail for his trademark hairstyle, goes to town to get an ID card photo as ordered by police chief Dorje (Tashi). Having lived all his life alone in the mountains, he is shocked to meet a modern young hairdresser Yangtso (Yang Shik Tso), who not only sports short hair but smokes. Yangtso flirts and even suggests travelling plans with him. Tharlo returns to the mountain but not for long. One day, due to his carelessness, his sheep are killed by wolves, which angers the sheep owner who not only scolds but slaps him repeatedly. Soon, Tharlo returns to town with stacks of cash from selling his sheep, places the money in front of and asks Yangtso to keep it. But his desire for a new life with her is dashed when he wakes up next morning to find her missing.[6][7][8][9][10] After failing to find her, Tharlo looks for chief Dorje at the police station. However, before he can reveal the intention of his visit, he is ordered to town again – to get a new ID card photo, by chief Dorje when he realises the bald Tharlo, who has shaven upon Yangtso's request, looks different from his new ID card's photo. Speechless, Tharlo slowly walks out of the police station and heads out to the mountain.
Abohoman	Bengali	drama	Rituparno Ghosh	Aniket (Deepankar De) is one of the finest filmmakers of Bengal, Deepti (Mamata Shankar) is an actress, with whom he had fallen in love while casting in one of his films, who had sacrificed her career for love and marriage. Apratim (Jisshu Sengupta) is their only son. They had been a perfect family. The plot thickens when Aniket auditions a young actress, Shikha (Ananya Chatterjee), who bears an uncanny resemblance to his wife when she was younger. Deepti enthusiastically begins to coach Shikha for her husband's film — so much so that Shikha becomes even more like the young woman Deepti used to be and, as a result, the aging Aniket falls in love with Shikha, a woman as young as his son, despite the sadness and trouble it brings to his family. However, although portrayed as an apparent love between Aniket and Shikha, Shikha was a Muse for Aniket. Her acting skills and her spontaneity mesmerized him. To him, she was Sreemoti, the name which he had first given to Deepti. Deepti later gave this name to Shikha. Even when Sikha became popular in the acting world by the name Sreemoti, Aniket always referred to her as Sikha. For him, Deepti - his wife was the real Sreemoti. This is revealed towards the end of the movie, when Aniket desires to see Sreemoti, because he has to take a shot, and Deepti comes in front of him. This leaves a lot to be explained but the storyline suggests that Aniket was in love with Sreemoti, more than Deepti or Shikha. The storyline connects the relationship between Aniket and Shikha to that between the noted theater director (Girish Chandra Ghosh) and the noted actress (Binodini Dasi). Later on when Apratim lies to his wife the same way as his father lied to his wife while spending time with Shikha, it is suggested that this relationship is Abohomaan meaning carried over.
Blown Away	American	drama	Brenton Spencer	After her mother dies in a mysterious car accident, 17-year-old Megan (Nicole Eggert), daughter of a wealthy businessman, lives a reckless lifestyle. A year later, she is almost killed by a horse who has lost control, though she is rescued by Rich (Corey Haim), a young man who works at the ski resort owned by her father Cy (Jean LeClerc). Grateful, she invites him to her party, where she thanks him again by being intimate with him in her father's bed. The next morning, Cy comes home and almost catches them. Even though he does not, he angers Megan by forbidding her to see any guys. Unlike Cy, Rich's girlfriend Darla (Kathleen Robertson) does find out about the affair, and dumps him. Rich wastes no time and enters into a passionate relationship with Megan. She soon introduces him to her father, but he disapproves of him, and Megan tells Rich that they cannot see each other any longer. Devastated, Rich turns to his womanizing half-brother Wes (Corey Feldman) for comfort, who encourages him to do everything to get Megan back. He follows her to a bar, where she is seen giving a large sum of money to a criminal-looking man. Rich catches her getting intimate with the guy, and knocks him down as a response. Megan then apologizes to Rich, and claims that she did not think that he really loved her and was only testing him in order to see how much he would be willing to do for her. He immediately takes her back, and they accompany each other to a bar, where Wes always hangs out with his friends. While Rich is arguing with Darla, who accuses him of going out with her only because of her money, Megan is seen talking with Wes. As they go to their home together, they run into Cy, who calls his daughter a slut for bringing a boy home, resulting in a huge fight between them. Rich decides to go home, where he finds Wes sleeping with Darla. Enraged, he tries to beat up Wes, but Darla stops them by informing Rich that he does not own her; later, Rich apologizes to Wes, saying that he should not have taken his feelings of anger out on him, and Wes accepts (while remarking that it had been a while since they had a few rounds), and then apologizes for what he did. Rich decides to return to Megan's place, where she — fed up with fighting with her father — convinces him that her father killed her mother and that they should kill him, and run off with the money. However, Rich, blinded by the potently sexual relationship, is in two minds about what to do. The next day, Rich and Wes are shocked to find out that Darla has been killed in a horse riding accident. Meanwhile, Megan turns out hospitalized and claims to Rich that her father is to blame. Rich, seeing how severely beaten up she is, fears losing her someday to Cy's abuse, and promises her to help her. As they return home, Megan tells Rich that she has placed a bomb in his bike, and that 'it will all be over soon'. The next morning, Rich is invited by Cy to accompany him on a bike ride, causing Rich to witness the explosion that throws him almost off a cliff. As Cy falls to his death, he tells Rich that he did not kill his wife. Rich starts to suspect that Megan may not be who he thinks she is, and meanwhile, he becomes the prime suspect in Cy's death in the investigation of Detective Anderson (Gary Farmer). Despite Anderson's attempts to make him turn in Megan, Rich denies any involvement in the entire ordeal, though evidence points against him. Wes is shocked that his brother would have killed anyone, and is mad at him for not having killed their own abusive father. Shortly later, Megan bails out Rich, and gives him her car to skip town with. She promises him that she will follow him soon after collecting her father's money. Rich drives off. However, now distrustful of Megan, he checks the car and finds a bomb in it. He is able to get away just in time for the explosion and immediately rushes to her house. There, it is revealed that Megan and Wes were lovers all along and planned the murders and schemes together in order to be together. Rich confronts his half-brother, and Wes informs him that he tried to frame him because he has always hated him. As Wes is about to shoot Rich, Megan kills Wes. She tries to put the entire blame on Wes, but Rich does not believe her, prompting her to reveal that she was the mastermind behind it all. As she tries to shoot Rich, the police arrive, killing Megan immediately in self-defense. Rich was wired throughout the final scene, which clears him from all charges (although he has nobody important in his life anymore, leaving him empty inside).
You and Me	Chinese	drama	Ma Liwen	Xiaoma is a young woman who has recently moved to Beijing where she finds an apartment in an old courtyard apartment complex owned by Grandma, an elderly woman. Xiaoma and Grandma's relationship almost immediately becomes strained. After trying to tidy up the courtyard, Grandma insists that Xiaoma turn over her share of the profits. Tightfisted, the elderly landlady resists even allowing Xiaoma to install a telephone. At the same time the older woman becomes increasingly interested in Xiaoma's personal (and romantic) life. Grandma, for example, tries to pass off her grandson to the younger woman. Annoyed, Xiaoma nevertheless is flattered at the older woman's concern. Over the course of four seasons, Xiaoma begins to learn from her landlady of the old world that the modern city of Beijing has left behind, while Grandma begins to enjoy the youth and vitality of her tenant. The two women become closer and eventually develop a deep friendship.
School Bus	Chinese	drama	Yu Rongguang	Joseph (Jayasurya) and Aparna (Aparna Gopinath) with their two children (Aakash Muraleedheeran and Angelleena Rosshan), symbolise a modern nuclear family. Joseph's son Ajoy often gets into a lot of trouble at school and so his father Joseph, a mild tempered business man often scolds him. The working and quarrelling parents, having no time to spare with the kids, lead the children to hide things away from them in the fear of getting scolded. The children, at first, takes into solving problems by themselves but later it goes out of their hands. Ajoy takes a flight to escape the wrath of everyone and finally lands in the middle of a deep forest. The story later revolves around the quest for Ajoy whereby his parents realise their mistakes and unite to find him. The two children are the main characters of this film which is based on a real life incident. Sub Inspector R Gopakumar (Kunchacko Boban) is a police officer who comes to enquire the missing of Ajoy. The film portrays the less stronger bonds in the modern nuclear families and also the attitude of the school authorities which put the students under pressure against even smaller mistakes committed by them.
The Birthday Party	British	drama	William Friedkin	The protagonist is a lodger in his late 30s named Stanley (Webber), played by Robert Shaw, who is staying at a seaside boarding house; he is visited by two unexpected additional guests, menacing and mysterious strangers, Goldberg (Sydney Tafler) and McCann (Patrick Magee). Their neighbour, Lulu (Helen Fraser) brings him a parcel, a boy's toy drum presented to Stanley as his birthday present. Goldberg and McCann offer to host Stanley's birthday party after Stanley's landlady, Meg (Boles), played by Dandy Nichols, tells them that it is Stanley's birthday, although Stanley protests that it is really not his birthday. In the course of the party, Goldberg and McCann break Stanley down and ultimately take him away from the house purportedly to get medical attention (from Monty) in their car. The film ends (as the play ends) after Meg's husband Petey (Moultrie Kelsall), a deckchair attendant, who did not attend the party because he was out playing chess, calls after Stanley, Stan, don't let them tell you what to do; at the end, Meg, still somewhat hung over, is unaware that Stanley has been taken away, since Petey has not told her that, and tells him that she was the belle of the ball.
That Summer	British	drama	Harley Cokeliss	It is the story of a 21-year-old named Steve Brodie (Ray Winstone) who goes to the Devon seaside resort of Torquay after leaving borstal where he is seen easily winning in a swimming race. He befriends the son of a butcher from London named Jimmy (Tony London) and they start dating two girls from Northern England. Steve works in a pub, Jimmy hires skiffs on the beach and the girls are employed as chambermaids at a hotel. Three loutish Scottish youths have some confrontations with Steve and then frame him for a robbery at a chemist shop. This leads to his arrest just before the start of a 'round the bay' swimming race in which he is due to compete against one of them. The soundtrack was produced as an LP with several punk bands. The album was available on unique yellow vinyl.
Juno and the Paycock	British	drama	Alfred Hitchcock	Barry Fitzgerald, who played Captain Jack Boyle in the original stage production, appears as an orator in the first scene, but has no other role. In the slums of Dublin during the Irish Civil War, Captain Boyle (Edward Chapman) lives in a two-room tenement flat with his wife Juno (Sara Allgood) and their two young children Mary (Kathleen O'Regan) and Johnny (John Laurie). Juno has dubbed her husband the Paycock because she thinks him as useful and vain as a peacock. Juno works while the Captain loafs around the flat when not drinking up the family's meager finances at the neighbourhood pub. Daughter Mary has a job but is on strike against the victimisation of a co-worker. Son Johnny has become a semi-invalid after losing an arm and severely injuring his hip in a fight with the Black and Tans during the Irish War of Independence. Although Johnny has taken the Anti-Treaty side during the continuing Irish Civil War, he has recently turned in a fellow Irish Republican Army (IRA) member to the Irish Free State police who subsequently kill him. The Paycock tells his friend Joxer (Sidney Morgan) of his disgust at the informer, unaware that his son was responsible. The IRA suspect Johnny and order him to report to them for questioning; he refuses, protesting that his wounds show he has done his bit for Ireland. Mary is courted by Jerry Devine (Dave Morris), whom she leaves for Charlie Bentham (John Longden) who whisks her away after telling Mary's family the Captain is to receive an inheritance. The elated Captain borrows money against the (as yet un-received) inheritance and spends it freely on new furniture and a Victrola. Family friends are invited to an impromptu party at the once shabby tenement. The Captain soon learns the inheritance has been lost because Bentham made an error in drafting the will. The Captain keeps the bad news a secret until creditors show up. Even Joxer turns on the Captain and gleefully spreads the news of the nonexistent inheritance to creditors. The furniture store repossesses the furniture. The tailor demands money for new clothes. Pub owner Mrs. Madigan (Maire O'Neill) takes the Victrola to cover the Captain's bar tab. The worst is yet to come, however. Mary reveals that she has shamed the family by becoming pregnant by Charles, who has disappeared after his blunder was discovered. Her former fiancé Jerry proclaims his love for Mary and offers to marry her until he learns of her pregnancy. While his parents are absent dealing with the situation, Johnny is arrested by the IRA and his body is later found riddled with bullets. Realising that their family has been destroyed, Mary declares, It's true. There is no God. Although completely shattered, Juno shushes her daughter, saying that they will need both Christ and the Blessed Virgin to deal with their grief. Alone, however, she laments her son's fate before the religious statues in the family's empty tenement, deciding that Boyle will remain useless, and leaves with Mary.
Thunder Rock	British	drama	Roy Boulting	During the late 1930s, David Charleston (Redgrave) is an ambitious campaigning newspaper journalist, a fierce opponent of fascism and the British policy of appeasement. He wishes to alert his readers to the dangers of German rearmament and the folly of ignoring what is going on in Europe, but the reports he submits are censored by the editor of his newspaper. He subsequently quits his job and sets off on a speaking tour around the country under the slogan Britain, Awake! The lack of interest and response indicates that Britain is happy to keep slumbering. The final straw comes when Charleston is at the cinema, and the newsreel feature comes on the screen detailing the German occupation of the Sudetenland. The audience show themselves completely uninterested in the newsreel, taking the opportunity to chat among themselves or go in search of refreshments. In despair at the way his countrymen seem totally oblivious to the ever-more impending doom which is about to engulf them, and appear to be content to go about their daily business as normal while all the time sleepwalking towards disaster, he decides to turn his back on Britain and find a far-flung location where he can withdraw from the world and all its contemporary woes. He crosses the Atlantic, and finds exactly what he is looking for when he successfully lands a job as a lone lighthouse-keeper on Lake Michigan, which will provide him with the solitude he craves. The lighthouse rock carries a commemorative tablet, listing the names of a group of immigrants from Europe who perished 90 years earlier when the ship carrying them to a new life in America foundered off-shore in a violent storm. As weeks turn into months in his self-imposed isolation, Charleston becomes fixated on the names on the tablet, and begins to experience ghostly visions of the lost souls, who start to relate to him their sad stories of sorrow, escape and unfulfilled dreams, in what seems an uncanny parallel to Charleston's own situation. The ship's captain Stuart (Finlay Currie), who appears to be the only ghost aware that he is dead and that it is no longer 1850, acts as mediator between Charleston and the other spirits as they tell their tales. Charleston discovers the story of proto-feminist Ellen (Mullen), repeatedly persecuted and imprisoned for her progressive views, and becomes particularly emotionally involved with the Kurtz family, progressive medical man Stefan (Frederick Valk) and his sad daughter Melanie (Palmer), who seems to harbour a strange ghostly attraction towards Charleston, which he reciprocates. Charleston's lonely existence is broken by the arrival of an old colleague Streeter (Mason), who is worried about him after finding out from Charleston's employers that his pay cheques have not been cashed for many months. Streeter is nonplussed and not a little concerned as he starts to realise Charleston's mental state. Stuart meanwhile becomes exasperated by the way in which Charleston's imagination is forcing the others into unrealistic behaviour. Charleston agrees to let them have more freedom of action, but then finds them all starting to question where they are and what time they are in. He finally allows Melanie to read the tablet describing their deaths, and tells them all that the civilisation they knew is coming to an imminent end, and he has withdrawn to avoid being witness to its demise. He adds that now he has told them the truth, as figments of his imagination they no longer need to appear to him. To his consternation, they do not disappear. Stefan confronts him sternly, pointing out that running away is cowardly and that it is always better to stand up and fight for what is good and right, regardless of the consequences. Moreover, none of the spirits have any intention of leaving him until he faces up to what he has to do. Finally convinced, Charleston realises he must return to Europe and carry on his fight for truth and justice against the evil which threatens the continent.
Geeta Mera Naam	Bollywood	drama	Sadhana Shivdasani	The film tells the story of four children who are separated at a fair and unknowingly reunite years later when Geeta (Sadhana) meets Nita (also Sadhana) in prison. Nita has been wrongly accused of murder. Geeta is then caught up in a scheme to find the true killer, which leads her to her brother Johnny's (Sunil Dutt) gang. During the early 1970s, Sunil Dutt's career as an actor was at a stand-still. It was Geeta Mera Naam that brought him into the limelight again. The anti-hero was reborn after a long gap of films like Mother India and Mujhe Jeene Do. Sunil Dutt's performance of Johnny was liked by the masses as he clearly stole the limelight. It was one of the best performances of his career.
Those She Left Behind	American	drama	Unknown	The movie stars Gary Cole as Scott Grimes, a man who owns a rising realty business. His wife Sue, played by Mary Page Keller, is pregnant with their first child. So it would seem Scott has everything a man could ever want. Unfortunately, when Sue is giving birth, she ends up passing away due to a pregnancy complication that is almost one-in-a-million in the era of modern medicine. Their daughter, Katie, is saved. Now Scott is left to shoulder the burden of losing his wife so suddenly, plus the burden of being a single father. He hires a few nannies to care for her with no success (one even taking his words the wrong way and walking out on him), and even brings her to work with him to care for her. The stress is overwhelming, but he is dealing with it. However, the breaking point comes when Katie is crying and screaming almost nonstop for about two days, and Scott can't figure out why, going as far as walking out of the room on her saying, I don't know what you want! He takes her into the hospital the next day to find out she had been suffering from a hernia. After being probed by the doctor on why she wasn't brought in sooner, he confessed he didn't know what to do, going so far as to saying he thought she was just being fussy. The doctor then asked him if he realizes what could've happened to her had he ignored her one more day. A look of fear comes over his face as realization sets in. Afterwards, he considers giving Katie up for adoption. Instead, Sue's parents offer to watch her until he gets himself straightened out. Eventually he accepts his role as a father, gets his daughter back and carries on.
Beijing Bicycle	Chinese	drama	Wang Xiaoshuai	Guei (played by Cui Lin) is a seventeen-year-old country boy who came to Beijing to make a living.[3] Along with a number of other boys from the country, Guei finds employment with a courier company, which assigns them brand-new bicycles for use in their deliveries. The company manager (Xie Jian) announces to them that since the bicycles do not yet belong to them, they will only earn twenty percent of the commission. But once they have made enough deliveries to earn the bicycles, their share will be raised to fifty percent. Within two months Guei has made enough to earn his bicycle. However, on the day that Guei is due to take over the ownership, the bicycle is stolen while he is picking up a document. The manager fires Guei for neglecting to deliver the package, but, upon the latter's pleas, agrees to take him back if he succeeds in recovering his bicycle. At the other end of the city, Jian (Li Bin) is a seventeen-year-old schoolboy who longs for a bicycle of his own so he can ride with Xiao (Gao Yuanyuan), the girl he fancies.[4] His hopes are dashed when his father (Zhao Yiwei) delays buying a bicycle for him yet again so that his younger stepsister Rong Rong (Zhou Fanfei) can go to a prestigious school. This frustrates Jian, who steals some money from his family and pays 500 yuan to a second-hand dealer for a bicycle—the one that used to belong to Guei. Meanwhile, the stubborn Guei embarks on a search for his bicycle. By chance, his friend Mantis (Liu Lei) spots Jian with the bicycle. Guei tries to make off with the bicycle but is stopped by Jian and his gang of schoolboys. The determined Guei follows Jian home and steals back the bicycle from where Jian hides it. The manager keeps his promise and takes Guei back. However, when Guei shows up at the courier company on another day, he finds Jian and his gang waiting for him. He tries to escape but the gang chases him down and, after giving him a beating, forcibly re-takes the bicycle. When Jian returns home, he finds his father waiting for him at the door, along with Guei. Thinking that his son was the bicycle thief, the enraged father gives Jian a rapping and lets Guei take his bicycle. However, Jian and his gang track down Guei again the next day and after long hours of negotiation, the two sides reach a pact: Guei and Jian are to share the bicycle, each entitled to the use of it on alternate days. This arrangement persists for some days until Jian finds out that Xiao has fallen for Da Huan (Li Shuang), a bicycle freestylist. Jian hits his rival with a brick and rides off. At their usual meeting place, Jian hands the bicycle to Guei and tells the latter that he does not need it any more. Meanwhile, Da Huan, along with his gang, comes after Jian on their bikes. Jian and Guei make off together but are cornered by Da Huan and his gang, who give both of them a serious beating. As the gang leaves, one member stays behind to wreck Guei's bicycle. In a rare burst of rage, Guei picks up a brick and smashes the head of his attacker, who collapses. Carrying his battered bicycle on his shoulder, Guei walks back alone.
Avalon	American	drama	Barry Levinson	It is the late 1940s and early 1950s, and much has happened to the family of Russian Jewish immigrant Sam Krichinsky since he first arrived in America in 1914 and eventually settled in Baltimore. Television is new. Neighborhoods are changing, with more and more families moving to the suburbs. Wallpaper has been Sam's profession, but his son Jules wants to try his hand at opening a large discount-appliance store with his cousin, Izzy, maybe even do their own commercials on TV. Jules and his wife, Ann, still live with his parents, but Ann is quietly enduring the way that her opinionated mother-in-law Eva dominates the household. Ann is a modern woman who even learns to drive a car, although Eva refuses to ride with her and takes a streetcar instead. The family contributes to a fund to bring more relatives to America. Slights, real or imagined, concern the family, as when Jules and Ann finally move to the suburbs, a long way for their relatives to travel. After arriving late and finding a Thanksgiving turkey has been carved without him, Uncle Gabriel is offended and storms out, beginning a feud with Sam. Sam also cannot understand the methods his grandson Michael's teachers use in school, or why Jules and Izzy have changed their surnames to Kaye and Kirk as they launch their business careers. But when various crises develop, including an armed holdup and a devastating fire, the family members generally see them through together.
The Bespoke Overcoat	British	drama	Jack Clayton	Fender is a lowly clerk in the warehouse of clothing manufacturers Ranting and Co. His one ambition is to have an overcoat of his own. Refused one by the coldhearted Ranting, he asks a tailor friend, Morry, to make him one instead, but dies of cold before he can take delivery of it. Unwilling to give up his only desire even in death, he returns as a ghost to persuade Morry to steal him the overcoat he so coveted in life.[5]
Heat and Dust	British	drama	James Ivory	In 1982, an Englishwoman named Ann (Julie Christie) begins an investigation into the fate of her great-aunt Olivia (Greta Scacchi), whose letters and diary she has inherited. She interviews the elderly Harry Hamilton-Paul (Nickolas Grace), who in his youth was Olivia's close friend when they were both living in India. Anne’s search brings her to India, where the story of Olivia's life is told in flashbacks. In 1923, during the British Raj, Olivia, recently married to Douglas Rivers (Christopher Cazenove), a civil servant in the colonial administration, has come to join her husband in Satipur, in central India. Douglas is an attentive husband and the couple seems to be very much in love. When he insists that Olivia spend the summer in Simla to avoid the extreme heat, she refuses in order to remain with him. However, the conventional narrow society of the English memsahibs bores her. Mrs Saunders (Jennifer Kendal), the morbid wife of the local doctor, warns Olivia that all Indian men are potential rapists. Mrs Crawford (Susan Fleetwood), the Burra Memsahib, is kindly but equally conservative. The racist Doctor Saunders takes an instant dislike to Olivia. While the Anglo-Indian society seems to have little to offer Olivia, she is slowly enthralled by India itself. The region is being ransacked by a group of sanguinary bandits, and intrigues are opposing the British community led by Major Minnies and Mr. Crawford against the ruler of the neighboring princely state, the Nawab of Khatm (Shashi Kapoor). The British suspect him of being in league with a gang of bandits, allowing them to operate with impunity in exchange for a share of their booty. The Nawab, a romantic and decadent minor prince who combines British distinction with Indian pomp and ruthlessness, invites all the Anglo-Indian officials and their wives for a dinner party at his palace. At the dinner, Olivia attracts the attention of the Nawab. Harry Hamilton-Paul enjoys a close intimacy with the Nawab and is a permanent guest at the palace. With his good humor and charm, Harry serves a sort of court jester and he is well liked even by the chain smoking and proud Begum Mussarat Jahan (Madhur Jaffrey), the Nawab's mother. In the midst of the intense summer heat, Harry falls ill and Olivia comes often to visit him at the Nawab's palace. The Nawab easily seduces Olivia and they engage in an illicit affair. Following in Olivia’s footsteps, Anne comes to Satipur to live in the same surroundings that framed Olivia’s story more than fifty years earlier. She stays as the guest of an Indian family. The head of the household, Inder Lal (Zakir Hussain), is a polite civil servant who serves as her guide while she tries to get connected with the world that Olivia lived. Inder Lal is worried that their hitherto innocent relationship will be perceived as sexual. Lal is married with children and lives with his wife and his mother. Ritu, Lal's young wife, is an epileptic and he slowly, but surely, endears himself to Anne to whom he is attracted. Anne befriends Chid (Charles McCaughan), an American sanyasi and would-be convert to Hindu mysticism. Chid tries to seduce Anne with his antics, but she firmly rebuffs his sexual advances while becoming closer to Inder Lal. Eventually, Anne invites Lal into her bed. Things get complicated for Olivia when she gets pregnant. She informs Douglas and the Nawab about it. Both men welcome the news. Douglas, unaware of his wife's infidelity, wishes for a son as blond as he is. The Nawab does not doubt that he is the father and he is overjoyed. He is in the midst of being deposed by the British, and views having a mixed-race heir as the ultimate revenge. Suspecting that the Nawab is the child's father, Olivia has an abortion in secret with Harry and the Begum's help, pretending to have a miscarriage. However, Olivia continues bleeding and is admitted to the hospital, where Dr. Crawford immediately discovers her ruse. Olivia runs away from the hospital early in the morning, eloping with the Nawab to Kashmir. She leaves Douglas broken-hearted, though he eventually remarries. Like Olivia, Anne gets pregnant and she also decides to get an abortion, but backs down at the last minute. The Indian diet makes Chid falls sick and he returns to the United States. Anne also leaves behind the heat and dust of Satipur. She travels to the snowy mountains of Kashmir where Olivia spent her last years in solitude, seldom visited by the Nawab. Anne plans to bear her child in a hospital nearby.
My Mistress	Australian	drama	Stephen Lance	A sixteen-year-old boy discovers his father's suicide. Distraught, he goes searching for ways to numb the pain. He then meets a mysterious woman who turns out to be a dominatrix and finds solace in her arms.
A Walk in the Clouds	American	drama	Alfonso Aráu	In 1945, after World War II, United States Army Sgt. Paul Sutton returns to San Francisco to reunite with his wife, Betty, whom he married, following a whirlwind courtship, the day before he departed for the Pacific. The war has left him with emotional scars, and he experiences flashbacks on a regular basis. Paul's reunion with Betty is strained, especially after he discovers that, although he has written her almost every day, she stopped reading them after the first few, and keeps the hundreds of unopened letters in a footlocker. He is determined to make a go of the marriage, however, and hopes to establish a new career for himself. She insists he continue to sell chocolates door-to-door, and he sets off to Sacramento. En route, he meets fellow train passenger Victoria Aragon, a graduate student whose Mexican-American family owns a vineyard in the Napa Valley. When he learns she is pregnant by her professor, Paul offers to introduce himself to her very traditionalist family as her husband. Victoria's father, Alberto, is infuriated, not only that she married a man below her social standing, but without his permission as well. Paul's initial plan to quietly slip away and continue on his journey, leaving her family to believe he abandoned her, is derailed when her grandfather, Don Pedro, encourages him to stay and help with the harvest. During the harvest, Paul (an orphan) grows closer to the family and learns the joys that come with their tradition, roots, and way of life. He and Victoria try to ignore their growing attraction and feelings for each other, but with little success. However, his honor prompts him to attempt to salvage his marriage and return home, but when he does he discovers Betty is involved with another man. She has applied for an annulment, to which he happily agrees, and he returns to the Aragon estate to ask Victoria to marry him. When Paul returns, an argument with an angry and drunk Alberto leads to a disastrous fire which destroys the vineyard. However, Paul remembers one plant that may still have its roots intact, races off to retrieve them, and bring them back to the family. The disaster (as well as Paul's bravery and dedication during it) has brought Alberto to realize his errors, so when Paul returns with the plant, Alberto accepts him, telling him that this is his family and his roots. They set out to replant and rebuild with the help of their newest member.
Novitiate	American	drama	Maggie Betts	This is a story of the effect of Vatican II (1962-65) on the Church, as seen in one convent, through the eyes of the tough old-fashioned Mother Superior, the kinder, younger, and more modern nuns, and the Postulants and Novitiates, particularly Sister Cathleen. Cathleen Harris was born in Tennessee in the 1950s. Her mother, Nora, a factory worker, is non-religious but wanted to show Cathleen a church and let her make her own decision. Cathleen's father, Chuck, comes home late, drunk, and argues with his wife. Finally, Chuck leaves home, Nora supports herself, and picks up a series of men for one-night stands. Cathleen says she is looking for love, and finds it in the Catholic church. The Catholic school offers her a full scholarship, where a young nun befriends her and describes how she is married to Christ. After running into another one of her mother's pickups, Cathleen decides to give her life to God. With 20 other girls, Cathleen joins the Sisters of the Beloved Rose. She will be a postulant for 6 months, after which she will become a novitiate for a year and a half, and then take her final vows. The Abbess, Reverend Mother Marie Saint-Clair, is a tough, old style Mother Superior, who trains and disciplines the postulants. She leads the postulants through a meeting called the Chapter of Faults, in which they must publicly confess to all their faults, including the accusations of the other postulants, for which Mother Superior assigns extreme, humiliating penances, including The Discipline, a knotted whip that they use to flagellate themselves. She makes arbitrary judgments, reduces the postulants to tears, and sends them home from the convent for trivial infractions. Sister Mary Grace, a young, warm, kind, and progressive nun, is the Postulant Mistress, who tries to make life easier for them. Most of the day is serious and disciplined, but sometimes the postulants fall into girlish activities and giggling. Mother Superior keeps getting envelopes from Archbishop McCarthy about Vatican II, which she ignores. Sister Mary Grace sees the documents, and says that change would be good. Mother superior cuts her off with, The Church is perfect exactly the way it is. Later, they argue, and Sister Mary Grace challenges Mother Superior's authority. Sister Mary Grace goes off to pray, and decides to leave the convent. Finally Archbishop McCarthy pays a visit. He tells Mother Superior that this order in particular is having difficulty embracing the changes of Vatican II. She dismisses the ridiculous reforms. He tells her that if she can't adopt to the changes, she will be replaced. As for that old medieval stuff, the extreme penances, That's gotta stop. Mother Superior is devastated. Her world has changed. She fears God has abandoned her. At the Chapter of Faults, a novice confesses that she questions whether God is real. Mother Superior tells her she's tired of hearing her spiritual wretchedness and assigns her to no penance at all. Eventually, Mother Superior calls the congregation and reads aloud the Archbishop's memo about Vatican II. Priests will read the Mass in English, and face the congregation. Catholics must embrace religious tolerance. Nuns are no longer required to wear habits, but can wear whatever they want – and their status is now reduced and equal to any Catholic. Extreme punishments and suffering are forbidden. They are not an act of love, or desired by God. Of the original 20 postulants, only 5 are left to profess their final vows. The priest asks one of the noviates the ritual question, What do you seek. She answers that she wants to take her vows and marry Jesus Christ. He asks Cathleen. She answers, I seek something more.[3][4][1]
Zero	British	drama	Jack Raymond	A writer fakes his own death and establishes a new identity in order to live with his mistress; but he returns to his wife when she becomes ill.
 Tracks	Australian	drama	John Curran	In 1977, Robyn Davidson travels from Alice Springs across 2,700 kilometers (1,700 miles) of Australian deserts to the Indian Ocean with her dog and four camels.[6][7] National Geographic photographer Rick Smolan documents her journey.
Rich and Strange	British	drama	Alfred Hitchcock	A couple, Fred (Henry Kendall) and Emily Hill (Joan Barry), living a mundane middle-class life in London, receive a letter informing them that an uncle will give them, as an advance against their future inheritance, as much money as they need to enjoy themselves in the present. Immediately Fred quits his job as a clerk and they leave on a cruise for the Orient. Fred quickly shows his susceptibility to sea-sickness while crossing the English Channel. In Paris, both are scandalised by the Folies Bergère. As they cruise the Mediterranean, Fred's sea-sickness keeps him in bed. During this time, Emily begins a relationship with a Commander Gordon (Percy Marmont), a dapper, popular bachelor. Finally feeling well enough to appear on deck, Fred is immediately smitten with a German princess (Betty Amann), who hits him in the eye with the rope ring used to play deck tennis (a combination of tennis and quoits which was at the time widely played shipboard). Both begin spending their time on board with their new paramours to the virtual exclusion of each other, and each plans to dissolve the marriage. In Colombo, the couple accidentally and awkwardly end up next to each other in a rickshaw. When the passengers disembark at the final destination of Singapore, Emily leaves with Gordon for his home. When he reveals that the princess is a sham aiming to relieve Fred of his money, she realises she cannot go on with Gordon and returns to warn her husband. Fred does not believe her at first, but soon discovers his lover has absconded with £1000 of his money to Rangoon. He learns that she was merely the daughter of a Berlin laundry owner and a common street walker. The couple have only enough money to clear their hotel bill and to book passage home to England on a tramp steamer. However, Fred and Emily's troubles have not ended, as the ship is abandoned after a collision in the fog. They are trapped in their cabin and prepare themselves for a watery end. In the morning, however, they awake to find the ship still afloat, and escape through a porthole. A Chinese junk arrives, and the crew proceed to loot the ship. When Fred and Emily board the junk, they are left unmolested and even fed. They finally return home, with their love for each other strengthened and seemingly wiser for their experiences. In the last scene, back home in London, the couple are seen arguing in a manner reminiscent of their bickering immediately prior to the arrival of the fateful letter.
Blackrock	Australian	drama	Steven Vidler	Blackrock is an Australian beachside working-class suburb[a] where surfing is popular among youths like Jared (Laurence Breuls). His first serious girlfriend is Rachel (Jessica Napier), who comes from a much wealthier part of the city. One day, Ricko (Simon Lyndon), a surfer popular among the local youths, returns from an eleven-month trip. Jared's mother Diane (Linda Cropper) attempts to tell Jared that she has been diagnosed with breast cancer, though Jared insists on talking to her later as he is busy arranging a welcome home party for Ricko at the local surf club. Rachel's father, a photographer who takes provocative images of women, forbids her from attending the party, though he allows her older brother Toby (Heath Ledger) to attend. While driving to the party, Toby sees Tracy (Bojana Novakovic), Cherie (Rebecca Smart) and two other girls, and gives them a ride. Jared flirts with Tracy at the party and subsequently gets into a fight with Toby. Ricko comes to Jared's defence, though Jared breaks up the fight after Ricko has hit Toby several times. Tracy comes to comfort Toby and Jared leaves the party to head to the beach alone. Jared sees Toby having consensual sex with Tracy on the beach. He then witnesses three of his male friends interrupting the couple and raping Tracy. Tracy calls out for help, though Jared, who is visibly disturbed by what he is witnessing, does not intervene. Toby and the other three boys, who never noticed Jared was watching, flee the area. Jared also runs away, leaving Tracy alone and distressed. Later that night Rachel, who has snuck out of home to attend the party, finds Tracy's beaten corpse on the beach. Jared initially tells the police nothing of what he saw. He is torn between the need to tell the truth and the desire to protect his friends; his anger leads to the breakdown of his relationships with both Rachel and Diane. Despite Jared's silence, police arrest Toby and the three other boys within a few days. Jared decides to tell the police what he saw, as he believes Toby and the other boys will be charged with Tracy's murder; however, on his way into the police station he is confronted by Ricko. Ricko confesses to Jared that he killed Tracy, but claims it was an accident – that she hit her head on a rock when he attempted to have sex with her. He has already told police that he was with Jared all night and asks Jared to confirm his alibi in the name of mateship. Diane, who still has not been able to tell Jared that she has cancer due to his behaviour, goes in to have surgery. Jared tells the police that he was with Ricko; when he tries to suggest Tracy's death may have been an accident, the police show him the photos of Tracy's battered body. Jared aggressively confronts Ricko at the beach and Ricko confesses that Tracy's death was not an accident. He had found her walking on the beach after the rape and she asked him to take her home. He agreed, but wanted to have sex with her first. She tried to fight him off and bit him in the process, which enraged him enough to beat her to death. As Ricko finishes his confession, the police arrive and he realises that Jared has turned him in. He attempts to escape but the police give chase and corner him on a cliff. Rather than go to jail, and ignoring Jared's screams of protest, he jumps to his death. In the weeks that follow, Jared's life collapses. Despite learning of Diane's illness, he moves out of her house, choosing instead to be homeless. Jared returns home one day to collect his belongings; after arguing with Diane, he confesses that he witnessed Tracy's rape and could have saved her life if he had intervened or helped her afterwards. Later that day, Jared joins Diane and Cherie in cleaning graffiti from Tracy's grave.
Beware of Pity	British	drama	Maurice Elvey	The film opens with a framing device set in post-Second World War Britain. When a young man comes to aged Anton Marek (Albert Lieven) for romantic advice, Marek tells him a story from his own past, which leads to a flashback. In the days leading up to the First World War, Lieutenant Marek is assigned to an Austro-Hungarian cavalry regiment stationed in a small town. There he meets Baroness Edith de Kekesfalva (Lilli Palmer), a young woman who is a paraplegic as the result of a horse riding accident. Noticing how the young man has cheered up his depressed daughter, Baron Emil de Kekesfalva (Ernest Thesiger) asks him to spend time with her. Marek finds her company pleasant enough and agrees. The baron has consulted many renowned doctors in vain; none hold out any hope for his daughter's recovery. Finally, in desperation, he has turned to hardworking, dedicated Dr. Albert Condor (Cedric Hardwicke), who at least refuses to give up. Condor notices a great improvement in Edith's attitude, which he accurately ascribes to her falling in love with Marek. Marek remains unaware of Edith's feelings for him. One day, Marek tells the family about a promising treatment in Switzerland, despite Condor's warning to wait until he has had a chance to investigate. Condor later informs him that it cannot help Edith, but by then the damage is done. With the hope of being able to walk again unassisted, Edith reveals her love for Marek. Guilt-ridden, the young man pretends to love her and agrees to marry her after she is cured. However, when rumors of the engagement leak out, Marek angrily denies them to his questioning, disapproving fellow officers. When he is confronted by his commanding officer, Marek admits the truth. To minimize the scandal, his commander immediately arranges his transfer to another unit far away. Marek goes to see Condor before he leaves, but the doctor is away. Instead, Condor's blind wife Klara (Gladys Cooper) speaks with him. She gets him to recognize that he may love Edith after all. He tries to telephone Edith, but the lines are barred from civilian use because of the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand that same day. Marek must take the train to report for duty with his new unit, but Klara assures him she will see Edith and clear things up. When Klara visits Edith, she finds her alone on the rooftop terrace of her family's mountainside mansion. Edith has heard about Marek's public denial of their engagement and no longer trusts anyone. With Klara powerless to stop her, she wheels herself to the edge and flings herself over to her death.
Bartleby	British	drama	Anthony Friedman	Bartleby, a young audit clerk, is defeated by the pressures of modern life; he gradually opts out of all forms of social engagement and withdraws into his own world.
Avalokitesvara	Chinese	drama	Zhang Xin	The film is set in China during the reign of Emperor Wuzong of the Tang dynasty. Prince Li Yi, a relative of the emperor, has been sickly since childhood. His mother, Lady Zheng, commissions Yu Xiufeng, a craftsman from Mount Meicen (Mount Putuo), to create a porcelain figurine of Avalokiteśvara (Guanyin) so that she can pray to the bodhisattva to bless her son with good health. On the day the figurine is completed, Yu Xiufeng and his grandson, Haisheng, discover a baby girl in a lotus pond. Yu Xiufeng adopts the baby girl as his granddaughter and names her Lianmei (Lotus Sister). The figurine is taken to Mount Wutai and enshrined in a Buddhist temple there. In 845 CE, Emperor Wuzong orders the Great Anti-Buddhist Persecution because he thinks that Buddhism is corrupting the masses. He also senses that Li Yi will become a threat to him, so he sends General Yuchi to assassinate the prince. At the same time, Reverend Wuchen asks Yu Xiufeng to collect the figurine from Mount Wutai and hide it at Mount Meicen. During the journey, Yu Xiufeng and his grandchildren meet Hui'e, a Japanese Buddhist monk sent by Empress Tachibana to find and bring the figurine to Japan. As Lady Zheng had secretly tasked General Yuchi's deputy, General Sima, with protecting her son, General Sima saves Li Yi when General Yuchi is about to kill him. General Sima defeats General Yuchi in a duel and wants to finish him off, but Lianmei stops him and asks him to spare General Yuchi. Li Yi and General Sima accompany Yu Xiufeng, Lianmei and Haisheng as they bring the figurine back to Mount Meicen. Hui'e finds out later and makes his way to Mount Meicen too. General Yuchi tracks down Li Yi with the help of Governor Song, the governor of Mingzhou (modern Ningbo). To buy time for Li Yi and General Sima to escape, Lianmei and Haisheng disguise themselves to divert the pursuers' attention elsewhere, while Yu Xiufeng stays behind to distract Governor Song. The governor kills Yu Xiufeng when the latter refuses to reveal Li Yi's whereabouts, while General Yuchi goes after Lianmei and Haisheng – only to find out that he has been tricked. In the meantime, Hui'e finds the figurine and tries to sneak away with it. When Haisheng and Lianmei return home, they are horrified to see their grandfather dead. Haisheng sees Hui'e fleeing and immediately suspects that Hui'e killed his grandfather and stole the figurine, so he chases Hui'e, catches up with him, and starts beating him. Lianmei stops Haisheng and tells him she believes Hui'e when he claims he is innocent. However, she refuses to let Hui'e take the figurine with him. Hui'e feels so ashamed of himself that he gives up and returns to Japan. Lianmei and Haisheng are captured later at a roadblock in Mingzhou by Governor Song, who seizes the figurine from them. The governor then tries to bribe General Yuchi to help him cover up for his failure to hunt down Li Yi, but General Yuchi refuses and accuses him of corruption. Meanwhile, Haisheng escapes from the prison and drags Lianmei along with him. General Yuchi is furious when he learns of their escape and orders the other prisoners to be executed. However, Lianmei succeeds in convincing Haisheng to go back to the prison with her because she knows what would happen if they escaped. General Yuchi is so impressed by Lianmei's act of sacrifice that he spares the prisoners. General Yuchi sets a trap to lure Li Yi out of hiding. He announces that Lianmei and Haisheng will be executed for helping a fugitive escape, and predicts that Li Yi will come to save them. As expected, Li Yi appears and turns himself in to General Yuchi in exchange for Lianmei and Haisheng's release. However, General Sima also shows up and fights with General Yuchi and his soldiers to save Li Yi. Just then, a messenger arrives with an imperial edict announcing that Emperor Wuzong is dead and that Li Yi will succeed him. General Yuchi commits suicide in shame for failing to complete his mission. Li Yi returns to the palace for his coronation, while Lianmei and Haisheng bring the figurine back to Mount Wutai. Hui'e travels to China again later to ask for the figurine. Reverend Wuchen initially rejects his request. However, Hui'e eventually manages to convince everyone of his sincerity by kneeling outside the temple for several days, so Reverend Wuchen allows him to bring the figurine to Japan. When Hui'e's ship sails past Mount Meicen, Lianmei rows towards the ship on a raft because she cannot bear to see the figurine leave. A fierce storm suddenly breaks out and causes the figurine to be cast overboard. When the storm has subsided, Hui'e is deeply saddened to learn that Lianmei and the figurine are lost at sea. Just then, lotuses appear all over the water surface. Hui'e sees a vision of Lianmei as Avalokiteśvara on Mount Meicen, and realises that he is not destined to bring the figurine back to Japan. However, he can bring back the virtues embodied by the bodhisattva – such as compassion and mercy – and impart them to his people.
Namte Namte	Bengali	drama	Rana Basu	The film revolves around a typical middle-class family of Bengal. Ananda (Rajatava Dutta) is a very meek guy and is scared of confronting people. He is a peace-loving man and very shy in nature. He works as a clerk in a government office. His wife Seema (Roopa Ganguly) is however a spirited woman and remains tense about him and her family. They have a college-going daughter Dolon (Sanchita) and a son, Suman who studies in Class 9 and stays in the school hostel. To get rid of their daily ordeal, Ananda asks for help from a small-time goon Tota a.k.a. Ganesh Halder (Saswata Chatterjee). Tota is the leader of the club in their locality. The club members call themselves as 'saviors' but are engaged in anti-social activities. Ananda is scared of the rowdy members of the club, so he decided to satisfy them by paying a very high amount of money for the Saraswati Puja celebration. In return, Tota promised Ananda to help him if he ever gets into trouble. But Tota gives evidence of his dishonest intentions by coming inside Ananda's house in his absence on the pretext of asking for a glass of water. After that, Seema no longer wanted to live in the locality. Meanwhile, Dolon needed a tutor and Sudeb (Bhaswar Chattopadhyay) is the chosen for the job, who later developed intimate relationships with her and eventually went through a physical relationship caught by Seema. Enraged Ananda asks Tota to stop Sudeb from visiting his daughter. In return Tota wants to meet Dolon privately in the club. Sensing something may go wrong, Seema insists Ananda to take Dolon to her grandmother's house for a few days in spite of Ananda being afraid of Tota's wrath. That night Tota attacks the family and in order to protect Ananda his wife Seema seduces Tota and Tota being invoked rapes her in the house as Ananda stays outside and repents for the incident.[1]
Fran	Australian	drama	Glenda Hambly	Fran (Noni Hazlehurst) is a likeably vivacious but irresponsible mother of three children, each from a different relationship. She is a product of the welfare system and several foster homes, and of an alcoholic mother and a father she never knew. Passionate about protecting her children from the community welfare authorities, whom she paints as the enemy, she nevertheless fails to do so. Fran's own self-esteem requires a man in her life and, after the violent end of one relationship, she desperately picks up Jeff (Alan Fletcher), a wayward barman. To secure her relationship with Jeff, she holidays with him, deserting her children, who become wards of the state. It is claimed that Jeff has sexually interfered with Fran's eldest daughter, Lisa (Narelle Simpson).
Bandini	Bollywood	drama	Bimal Roy	The film is set in a prison in around 1934 in pre-Independence India,[13] where Kalyani is serving life imprisonment prison for committing a murder, and we learn the circumstances of her crime in flashback as she divulges it to the jailor. The film is set in Bengal in the 1930s, during the British Raj, where Kalyani (Nutan) is the daughter of the postmaster (Raja Paranjpe) of the village, who falls in love with a freedom fighter, Bikash (Ashok Kumar), who later leaves her in the village promising to come back but never does. The society treats them harshly. Broken by her father's misery and that of her own, Kalyani moves to the city, to the singing of the sad song O Jaanewale Ho Sake To Laut Ke Aana. In the city, she works as a caretaker of an obnoxious and mentally unstable woman, who turns out to be the wife of Bikash. Kalyani learns that her father came to the city looking for her and died in an accident. That prompts her to poison her lover's wife, identifying her as the cause of her miseries in a moment of insane rage. Director Bimalda captures her emotions as she resolves to commit the crime, with light and darkness falling on her face due to a welder's torch and the thumping of iron in the background, and the ambient sounds as she inches towards the decision, pumping vigorously into a kerosene stove, without uttering a single word through it all. And subsequently confesses to the crime with equal passion. Back from the flashback in the jail, Deven (Dharmendra), the jail doctor falls in love with her. Kalyani is not ready for it and starts to stay away from him. They are always shown with a partition in between after Deven proposes her. Another symbolism used in the movie is the occasional shouting of All is well by the prison guard when nothing in the movie is; and just as Kalyani is leaving prison for good, she receives yet another ironic message from a jail official, Ab ghar grihasthi ki jail mein qaid rahogi! Now you will be imprisoned in the jail of household! In the end she finds Bikash at a ship harbour where she finds him in an ill condition. She then decides to take care of Bikash and her love is again reborn. The lines Main Bandini Piya ki, Main Sangini Hoon Saajan ki in the end score of the movie tells us that Kalyani is imprisoned by her love, thus revealing the title of the film. Mere Saajan Hain us Paar is sung by the musician S. D. Burman himself, this climactic song, beautifully expresses Kalyani's dilemma of having to choose between Bikash and Deven. Thus the character of Kalyani gets lifted from that of a woman who is a prisoner of destiny to one who defines her own freedom.[14]
A Room with a View	British	drama	James Ivory	Lucy Honeychurch (Helena Bonham Carter) is from an English village in Surrey and is on holiday in Italy with her much older cousin and chaperone, Charlotte Bartlett (Maggie Smith). Charlotte is conventionally English, with an extremely restrictive personality, and she tends to get her way by expressing her emotions to manipulate others. Lucy has been brought up in an upper-middle class but loving and easygoing household, and has fewer inhibitions, which creates strong tension between herself and Charlotte. They are contrasted with the more free-thinking and free-spirited backdrop of Italy. At a small pensione in Florence, Lucy meets such people as the Reverend Mr. Beebe (Simon Callow), the two Misses Alan (Fabia Drake and Joan Henley), the author Eleanor Lavish (Judi Dench), but most importantly, the nonconformist Mr. Emerson (Denholm Elliott) and his handsome, philosophical son, George (Julian Sands), who becomes friends with Lucy. These men, although also English, represent the forward-thinking ideals of the turn-of-the-century, seeking to leave behind the repression and caution that was the norm in Victorian times. At first, the Emersons seem strange and unfamiliar to Charlotte and Lucy. The men seem sincere but unaware of finer upper-class Victorian manners. Mr. Emerson offers to switch rooms with the women, who desire a room with a view. Charlotte is offended, believing him to be rude and tactless for what she perceives to be indebting them with his offer. As Lucy begins her journey to maturity, she finds herself drawn to George due to his mysterious thinking and readily expressed emotions. A number of people staying at the pension take a carriage ride in the country. A mischievous Italian driver gets back at Charlotte by misdirecting an unchaperoned Lucy to George in a barley field as he admires the view. George suddenly embraces and passionately kisses Lucy as she approaches him. Charlotte has followed Lucy, witnesses the act, and quickly stops the intimacy. George's unreserved passion shocks Lucy, but also lights a secret desire and romance in her heart. Charlotte suggests that George kissing her was the act of a rake. Charlotte makes reference to a heartbreak from her youth that occurred the same way and has behaved accordingly with disgust and anger toward George. Charlotte uses guilt to coerce Lucy to secrecy to save both their reputations as a young lady and a chaperone, but it is mostly for her own benefit. Normally, if a young man kissed a young lady, an engagement should be announced to preserve her reputation, but Charlotte considers George to be an undesirable influence. Upon returning to England, Lucy tells her mother nothing and pretends to forget the incident. She accepts a marriage proposal from a wealthy and respectable but snobbish and pretentious man named Cecil Vyse (Daniel Day-Lewis). Cecil seems lacking in personality or emotion, and instead of playing tennis with her, prefers to walk around outside, reading aloud from a novel. However, she soon learns that George's father is moving to her small village and will be a neighbour due to a coincidence of Cecil having invited the Emersons, during a chance meeting in London, to rent an empty cottage in the village (an invitation which Lucy had already given to the Miss Alans). The appearance of George in the village soon disrupts Lucy's plans and causes her suppressed feelings to resurface, complicated by the supposed need for secrecy. Lucy consistently refuses George's pursuit of her, but then she suddenly breaks off her engagement to Cecil and makes plans to visit Greece. George has also decided that he must move for peace of mind and makes arrangements. Lucy stops by Mr. Beebe's home and is confronted by George's father before the Emersons are to leave town. She suddenly realises that the only reason that she planned to travel was to escape her feelings for George. At the end, we see George and Lucy in the Italian pension where they met, in the room with the view, happily married.
Leaving Las Vegas	American	drama	Mike Figgis	Ben Sanderson is a Hollywood screenwriter whose alcoholism costs him his job, family, and friends. With nothing left to live for, and a sizable severance check from his boss, he heads to Las Vegas to drink himself to death. As he drives drunkenly down the Las Vegas Strip, he nearly hits a woman, Sera, on the crosswalk. She chastises him and walks away. Sera is a prostitute working for an abusive pimp, Yuri Butsov, a Latvian immigrant. Polish mobsters are after Yuri, so he ends his relationship with Sera in fear that the Poles may hurt her. On his second day in Las Vegas, Ben goes looking for Sera, introduces himself and offers her $500 to come to his room for an hour. Sera agrees but Ben does not want sex. Instead, they talk and form a relationship and Sera invites Ben to move into her apartment. Ben instructs Sera never to ask him to stop drinking. Sera asks Ben not to criticize her occupation. At first, they are happy, but they soon become frustrated with the other's behavior. Sera begs Ben to see a doctor which makes him furious. While Sera is out working Ben goes to a casino and returns with another prostitute. Sera returns to find them in her bed and throws Ben out. Shortly afterward Sera is approached by three college students at the Excalibur Hotel and Casino. She initially rejects their offer by stating that she only dates one at a time, but eventually acquiesces when she is offered an increased price. When she enters their hotel room, the college students change the deal and request anal sex, which she refuses. When she attempts to leave, they brutally gang-rape her. The next morning, she is spotted by her landlady returning home battered and is evicted. Sera receives a call from Ben, who is on his deathbed. Sera visits Ben, and the two make love. He dies shortly thereafter. Later, Sera explains to her therapist that she accepted Ben for who he was and loved him.
Wait Until Spring, Bandini	American	drama	Dominique Deruddere	The film follows the Bandini family as they struggle through hard times in 1920s Colorado. Unemployed and broke, Svevo Bandini (Joe Mantegna) tries to come up with the money his family needs to make it through the winter, while putting up with his difficult mother-in-law (Renata Vanni), his nervous wife (Ornella Muti), and his three young boys.
After Office Hours	British	drama	Thomas Bentley	Office romance, in which Hec is in love with secretary Pat, and fellow secretary Miss Janus, older and wiser, takes it upon herself to concoct a plan to help him receive the empty-headed Pat's affections.[3]
Sebastian	British	drama	David Greene	Mr. Sebastian is a former Oxford professor, who in the late 60s directs the all-female decoding office of British Intelligence. One day, while running through the streets of Oxford to attend the bestowing of an honorary degree on his friend the Prime Minister, Sebastian runs into Rebecca (Becky) Howard and her jeep. After insulting Sebastian on the spot, Becky is intrigued by him and follows him to the ceremony. After Becky is able to spell her own name backwards, he gives her a phone number to call if she wants an unspecified job. Becky calls the number, and after Sebastian's personal assistant Miss Elliott describes the job as being part of the civil service, Becky is turned off by the idea. Overcoming her concerns, she calls again, and after a successful interview, obtains a job deciphering codes used by secret agents and foreign spies. Once settled in her new job, Becky slowly starts to fall for the aloof Mr Sebastian. However, problems arise when Gen. John Phillips, Head of Security, accuses Sebastian's senior Jewish decoder Elsa Shahn of being a poor security risk, because of her left-wing Communist leanings. Sebastian convinces the Head of Intelligence to retain Shahn despite Phillips' objections, expressing how vital Shahn is to the decoding office and reaffirming that she enjoys his full confidence. Eventually, Becky and Sebastian engage in an affair, which upsets Sebastian's longtime girlfriend (and washed-up pop singer) Carol Fancy. Ultimately, Shahn betrays Sebastian's trust by providing recently decoded information to a left-wing political organisation. When confronted with the security breach by the Head of Intelligence and by Phillips' watchdog Jameson, Sebastian tenders his resignation and breaks up with Becky, thinking she was on to him. He leaves London and returns to his teaching position at Oxford University. Months later, Sebastian is visited at Oxford by the Head of Intelligence, who convinces Sebastian to return, temporarily, to the decoding office to help the Americans decipher some unidentified signals emanating from a Sputnik-type Russian spy satellite circling the earth. To prepare for this assignment, Sebastian visits a secret British eavesdropping installation, where he meets the American Ackerman (Donald Sutherland), who is working on the project. One day, while looking for Becky, who has also left the decoding department after Sebastian's resignation and break-up, Sebastian runs into Carol, who invites him to a party at her apartment for old times sake. At the party, Sebastian is drugged with LSD and lured to the top of the building by Toby, who unknown to Sebastian, is both Carol's lover and a foreign agent. Just as the hallucinating Sebastian is about to jump off the building ledge to his death at Toby's insistence, he is saved by Gen. Phillips, who had been tailing both men, and Toby is arrested. Sebastian returns to the decoding office, and finds out where Becky lives. While visiting Becky, Sebastian discovers that he is the father of her newborn baby. During this visit, a noise from the baby's rattle provides Sebastian with the solution to the Soviet spy satellite's signals, which he eventually breaks with the help of his faithful group of decoding girls, who are summoned to Becky's apartment to decipher the Soviet code.
Safe	American	drama	Todd Haynes	Set in an affluent neighborhood of the San Fernando Valley in 1987, the film recounts the life of a seemingly unremarkable homemaker, Carol White (Julianne Moore) who develops multiple chemical sensitivity (MCS, also known as Twentieth-Century Disease). MCS is a medically controversial diagnosis in which a person develops mild to severe non-specific symptoms and believes that these symptoms are triggered by chemicals found in everyday household and industrial products. Carol passes her days with activities such as gardening, taking clothes to the dry cleaners, and attending aerobics classes. Her marriage is stable but devoid of emotional intimacy, and her son is actually a stepson from her husband's previous marriage. Her friendships are polite but distant. As she goes about her routine, she slowly begins to develop unpredictable and strange bodily reactions, such as persistent fatigue, uncontrollable coughing (when surrounded by truck exhaust while driving), asthma-like symptoms (at a baby shower), nose bleeds (when getting a perm at a hair salon), vomiting, and eventually convulsions (at the dry cleaners). Doctors are able to identify only one true allergy: milk, which she drinks frequently in the movie without incident. Doctors are at a loss of how to help her cope or cure her. She attends some psychotherapy sessions, but does not gain any insight into her condition. After seeing an ad at her community center, she eventually resorts to moving to the New Age/religious retreat in the desert called Wrenwood, which is designed to help people suffering from MCS recover and is led by a man whose relentless motivational talks amount to psychological fascism.[3]
Lily of the Alley	British	drama	Henry Edwards	Only sketchy details of the film's plot appear to survive. Bill (Edwards) and Lily (White) are newly married. Bert works as a tea salesman and is of a naturally cheery disposition. Over time however, worries about the security of his job and income prey on his mind and he frets over not being able to provide for Lily. With his worries heightened by the fear that he is about to go blind, he falls into a deep depression and becomes a shadow of the happy soul he used to be. Lily becomes desperately anxious about him, and one night has a terrible nightmare in which she dreams that he loses first his sight and then his life (either in a fire, or by being robbed and murdered, depending on the source). However things eventually take a turn for the better and the couple welcome their new baby to the family.
Badhti Ka Naam Dadhi	Bollywood	drama	Kishore Kumar	The premise of the film is that a multimillionaire, who has no heir, decides to leave his wealth to the person who has the longest beard. What follows is complete mayhem as Kishore Kumar and K. N. Singh plot to outwit one another. 
Shaadi Ke Baad	Bollywood	drama	L.V. Prasad	Bhagat Ram lives a wealthy lifestyle in a small village in India, along with his son, Shyam, who is an Advocate in Bombay and makes a living as a Hindu Priest. He receives a marriage proposal from Choudhury Bishan Swaroop Singh for Shyam, the girl in question is Bishan's son-in-law, Raju's sister, Shobha. Hoping to get a dowry of fifty thousand rupees, he agrees and the marriage takes place. After the ceremony, he is handed a promissory note and angered, he and Shyam return home, leaving a devastated Shobha and the Singh family to deal with this crisis. Raju takes some cash and jewelry, hoping to placate Bhagat, but this only angers him all the more. Shyam decides to leave for Bombay. Shortly thereafter, Bhagat is informed by Advocate Govind that Shobha has eloped with an unknown lover, and her mom, Parvati, has initiated legal proceedings against him. A panic-stricken Bhagat rushes to Bombay and is shocked to find that Shyam has lost his mental balance and is in the care of a doctor and a nurse. The question that comes to mind is why did Shyam lose his mental balance?
Ryan's Daughter	British	drama	David Lean	In August 1917, Rosy Ryan, only daughter of the local publican, widower Tom Ryan, is bored with life in Kirrary, an isolated village on the Dingle Peninsula in County Kerry, Ireland. The villagers are nationalists, taunting British soldiers from a nearby army camp. Tom Ryan publicly supports the recently suppressed Easter Rising, but secretly serves the British as an informer. Rosy falls in love with the village schoolmaster, widower Charles Shaughnessy. She imagines, though he tries to convince her otherwise, that he will somehow add excitement to her life. They marry and settle in the schoolhouse, but he is a quiet man uninterested in physical love. Major Randolph Doryan arrives in October 1917 to take command of the army camp. After winning a Victoria Cross on the Western Front, he has a crippled leg and is suffering from shell shock. When he visits the pub where Rosy is serving alone, he collapses under a flashback to the trenches and is comforted by her. The two kiss passionately until they are interrupted by the arrival of Ryan and others. Next day, the two ride to a forest for a passionate liaison. Charles becomes suspicious of Rosy, but keeps his thoughts to himself. Charles takes his schoolchildren to the beach, where he notices Doryan's telltale footprints accompanied by a woman's in the sand. He tracks the prints to a cave and imagines Doryan and Rosy conducting an affair. Local halfwit Michael notices the footprints as well and searches the cave. Finding Doryan's Victoria Cross, he pins it on his lapel and proudly parades through the village, but suffers abuse from the villagers. When Rosy comes riding past, Michael approaches her tenderly. Between Rosy's dismay and Michael's pantomime, the villagers surmise that she is having an affair with Doryan. One night in January 1918, during a fierce storm, IRB leader Tim O'Leary – who had killed a police constable earlier – and a small band of his men arrive in Ryan's pub seeking help to recover a shipment of German arms being floated from a ship towards the beach. When they leave, Ryan tips off the British. The entire village turns out to help the rebels, with Ryan the most outwardly devoted to the task, wading into the breakers repeatedly to salvage boxes of weapons and explosives. O'Leary is overwhelmed by Ryan's devotion, and the villagers are ebullient. They gleefully free the rebels' loaded truck from the wet sand and follow it up the hill. Doryan, waiting at the top with his troops, captures the men and arms. O'Leary makes a break, but Doryan climbs atop the truck and brings him down with a single rifle shot. Then he suffers a flashback and collapses. Rosy presses through the crowd in concern, outraging the villagers. Charles tells Rosy that he had let her affair run its course, hoping that the infatuation would pass, but now wants a separation. Rosy says the affair is over, but that night she leaves their bed in her nightdress to meet Doryan. In dismay, Charles wanders in his nightclothes to the beach, where the parish priest Father Collins finds him. The villagers storm into the schoolhouse and seize Rosy, convinced that she informed the British of the arms shipment. Ryan watches in shame and horror as his daughter takes the blame for his actions. The mob shears off her hair and strips off her clothes. Doryan walks along the beach and gives his cigarette case to Michael. In gratitude, Michael leads Doryan to a cache of arms, including dynamite, that was not recovered. After Michael runs off, Doryan commits suicide by detonating the explosives. The next day, Rosy and Charles leave for Dublin, enduring the taunts of the villagers as they go.
80,000 Suspects	British	drama	Val Guest	Commencing on New Year’s Eve in the city of Bath, Dr. Steven Monks (Richard Johnson) diagnoses a mystery patient as being infected with smallpox and sets in motion a citywide quarantine to contain the outbreak. His commitment to the task is affected by the deterioration of his marriage to ex-nurse Julie (Claire Bloom) following his clandestine affair with a family friend. Monks receives an unexpected blow when the disease strikes closer to home than anticipated and Julie is diagnosed as having contracted the virus. The medical team gradually contain the outbreak until only one unidentified case remains. The search narrows the identity of final carrier down to Ruth Preston (Yolande Donlan), the woman with whom Monks had been having an affair and the wife of his close colleague Clifford (Michael Goodliffe). She’s eventually traced to a deserted house where she’s sheltering, lonely and desperately ill.
Violent Playground	British	drama	Basil Dearden	The film focuses on a Liverpool street gang led by Johnny Murphy (McCallum). When local Juvenile Liaison Officer Sergeant Truman (Baker) visits the Murphy household he becomes romantically involved with Johnny's sister (Anne Heywood).[8] He also finds considerable points of similarity between his previous investigations into the activities of an arsonist known as the 'Firefly' and his investigation of Johnny Murphy. Cushing plays a local priest attempting to heal the social problems of the locality. In a final sequence prescient of more recent shooting, Murphy holds a classroom full of children hostage with a machine-gun, apparently shooting one dead. The makers appear to have backed down from a murderous death-toll, as both the priest and the shot child revive at the end. The Chinese boy knocked down by Johnny in an act of 'manslaughter', but not shot, does not survive.
Baywatch the Movie: Forbidden Paradise	American	drama	Douglas Schwartz	Baywatch lifeguards Mitch, Stephanie, C.J., Matt, Caroline and Logan travel to Oahu, Hawaii for a vacation and get caught up in a series of misadventures. Stephanie teamed up with a local lifeguard. Logan became obsessed with competing in a surfing competition which left no time for his girlfriend and fellow lifeguard Caroline. C.J. was called back to Baywatch, while Mitch and Matt took a boat trip to a remote part of Kauai where they were stranded after Matt was stung by a poisonous scorpion fish, and then they were captured in a remote village of local Hawaiians who had gone native. It also serves as David Charvet's last Baywatch appearance, spelling an end to his popular character Matt Brody.
Bastard Out of Carolina	American	drama	Anjelica Huston	Ruth Anne, nicknamed Bone Boatwright, is a young girl growing up in Greenville, South Carolina in the 1950s. Born out of wedlock to Anney, Bone lives with her mother and their extended family in a poor part of town. Anney loves Bone, but is still very much a child herself, tired out from working and needy for attention and adoration. Bone and Anney nearly always have to face the shame of the ILLEGITIMATE stamp on Bone's birth certificate. When the county courthouse burns down, Anney is happy that a copy of Bone's birth certificate no longer exists. After her kind, hardworking first husband, Lyle Parsons, the father of Bone's half-sister, is killed in an automobile accident, Anney remarries a man named Glen Waddell, who seems attentive until Anney and Glen's baby dies at birth. Glen first molests Bone while waiting in the car for the birth of his child. Frustrated by the loss of his eagerly-anticipated son, Anney's inability to have more children, and his own inability to manage his temper and maintain steady employment, Glen begins to physically and sexually abuse Bone regularly, beating her in the bathroom. Bone wakes her mother up in the middle of the night, barely able to walk because of the immense pain she is in. Anney takes her to the hospital, where the doctor berates Anney for beating the child so badly that her coccyx is broken. The only thing Bone says is 'Mama.' Anney takes Bone to the car, leaving the hospital against the doctor's wishes, and slaps Glen's hand away as he tries to comfort the girl. Anney is saddened and angered by her new husband's behavior towards her child and takes Bone to her sister Alma's house to recuperate. However, once Bone is better, Anney returns to Glen after he swears to never touch Bone again. While reading with her mama at the cafe, Anney asks Bone to go and stay with her Aunt Ruth since she is very sick. Ruth asks Bone about Glen and if he has ever hurt her. Bone says no and the two grow close listening to gospel music on the radio. After a visit from Dee Dee, Ruth dies of sickness. At Aunt Ruth's funeral, Bone's Aunt Raylene finds her in the bathroom falling over drunk after drinking too much alcohol and when she tries to take her to a bed, she discovers lashes on her legs and alerts the girl's uncles, Earle, Wade, and Travis, and a man, who beat Glen unconscious. Bone is sent to live with her aunts, and eventually tells her mother that she is allowed to love Glen, but Bone will never come home to him again. Eventually, Glen comes around while the aunts are out, trying to force her to come back. When she fights back, he punches, and then rapes her. Anney discovers the rape and retaliates by breaking a bottle over Glen's head, causing him to bleed. She pulls and kicks him off of Bone, screams at him, then carries her out of the house to her car away from him. Glen stumbles out of the house after Anney, screaming his apologies and saying he can't live without her. Anney yells at him to stay away and puts Bone into her car. When Glen tries to comfort her, she pushes him away, gets into her car, starts it and tries to drive away, starting to abandon him. Glen then leans against the car door and repeatedly smashes his head against it, screaming for Anney to kill him. Instead, she strokes his head in forgiveness, believing he will never hurt Bone again. Ultimately, Anney returns to Glen. Moments after, Bone is taken to the hospital by Aunt Raylene. When the cops attempt to question her about who brutalized her, she still refuses to reveal that it was Glen and calls out for her Momma who is nowhere to be found. In the end, Bone is allowed to stay with her Aunt Raylene and Uncle Earle, far away from the reach of those who would harm her. Her mother visits one final time to deliver to her the copy of her birth certificate without the mark of ILLEGITIMATE, and apologizes for what happened, before driving away to rejoin Glen. Bone remains with her Aunt Raylene, and with this final, tearful goodbye, she cries for her mother's sacrifice and for the freedom she has at last achieved.
Pavitra Paapi	Bollywood	drama	Rajendra Bhatia	The shooting was done at Jind city in Haryana. Pannalal is employed in a clock repair shop owned by Lala Attarchand and is replaced by Kedarnath, who comes to the town of Punjab in search of such work, as according to him, his ancestors were in the same business. On this, Pannalal curses him as being the cause of his family becoming destitute and writes a letter to him saying that this has driven him to suicide and disappears. Kedarnath is guilt-ridden and goes out of his way to help his wife Maya, and his two daughters, Veena and Vidya. Kedarnath rents a room with them, writes letters to her on behalf of her husband and teaches Veena during his free time, making him fall in love with her. But when Maya tells him that Veena's marriage is already arranged, he helps in the marriage of Veena with the son of Daulatram. When Maya tells him that she has no money to pay for the marriage expenses, he steals cash from his employer, and tells Maya that the money is from Pannalal. He then goes away from the village. Veena's in-laws turn out to be rogues, except for her father-in-law, who counsels his family that they should not torture the daughter of somebody. Meanwhile, Pannalal returns to his family and visits Veena's in-laws to find her in agony and brings her back. Kedar, who now lives in Delhi, regularly sends money orders to repay his debt to Lala Attarchand. Pannalal finds out Kedar's whereabouts and requests him to come back and save dying Veena. But Kedar instead makes Veena's Husband realize his mistakes and unites the pair without appearing in person. The film ends with Kedarnath going away.
Rich in Love	American	drama	Bruce Beresford	The Odom family lives in a large, white, Southern house in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina, just off Pitt Street, looking out onto Charleston Harbor. Lucille Odom (Erbe) is nearing the end of her last year of high school when her mother, Helen Odom (Clayburgh), leaves the family, breaking all ties. Lucille is left to care for her recently retired father, Warren Odom (Finney). The family spends the summer trying to get their lives together, which is complicated when the older daughter of the family, Rae (Amis), moves back home with a new husband (MacLachlan) and a new baby on the way, about which Rae has mixed feelings. While reminiscing about their mother, Rae tells Lucille that their mother tried to abort Lucille when she was pregnant. Warren notices his daughters in a new and different way now that his wife is gone and he is no longer working. Everything changes for Lucille as she comes-of-age and learns about her family in new ways.
Last Exit to Brooklyn	American	drama	Uli Edel	A group of prostitutes, union workers, and drag queens all lead difficult lives within an existence of drugs, crime and violence in a working class Brooklyn neighborhood.
Current	Bollywood	drama	K. Hariharan	The film reveals the life and struggle of a farmer, who is tired of dealing with the corrupt systems in bureaucracy and politics at that time in India.
On the Black Hill	British	drama	Andrew Grice	On the Black Hill begins in the closing years of the 19th century with the marriage of dour, puritanical Welsh farmer Amos Jones (Bob Peck) to his social superior, vicar’s daughter Mary Latimer (Gemma Jones) after the death of her father (Mark Dignam). Her inheritance and social connections enable them to rent a vacant farm, 'The Vision', a situation that is a cause for resentment in their relationship. It is against this background, along with a boundary feud with Watkins, a malicious neighbour, that the twins Lewis (Robert Gwilym) and Benjamin (Mike Gwilym) grow up. Having come through wars, romance and separation, they are still farming at 'The Vision' eighty years later.
Bahu Begum	Bollywood	drama	M. Sadiq	The film is set in Lucknow, where widower, Nawab Mirza Sultan lives with daughter Zeenat Jahan in an old mansion. She falls in love with Nawab Yusuf (Pradeep Kumar), but in a twist of fate, her uncle connivingly fixes her marriage with Nawab Sikandar Mirza (Ashok Kumar), though she assumes it is with Yusuf. When she finds the truth, it is the day of marriage, thus she visits a nearby dargah (Sufi shrine), hoping to meet Yusuf, not knowing that he is out of town. Thus, he never arrives and Zeenat faints. Back home marriage commences without her, while wakes up the following day, at the home of courtesan, Nazeeran Bai (Lalita Pawar), who had rescued her from the dargah.[1]
Call Me by Your Name	American	drama	Luca Guadagnino	Elio, a 17-year-old Jewish-American-Italian youth, lives with his parents in rural Northern Italy. His father, a professor of archaeology, invites a 24-year-old Jewish-American graduate student, Oliver, to live with him and his family over the summer and help with his academic paperwork. Elio, an introspective bibliophile and musical prodigy, initially finds little in common with Oliver, who has a contrastingly carefree and exuberant personality. Elio resents having to give up his bedroom for Oliver for the duration of his stay. He spends much of the summer reading, playing piano, and hanging out with his girlfriend, Marzia. Oliver is meanwhile attracted to one of the local girls, much to Elio's annoyance. Elio and Oliver begin a seductive courtship: they swim together, go for long walks into town, and accompany Elio's father on an archaeological trip. Elio begins a sexual relationship with Marzia and brags about it in front of Oliver to gauge his reaction, but nonetheless finds himself increasingly attracted to Oliver. He sneaks into Oliver's room to smell his bathing suit, and thinks about him while masturbating. During a trip to the post office, Elio confesses his feelings to Oliver, who tells him he should not act on them. Later that day, Elio and Oliver kiss, but Oliver is reluctant to go any further. The two grow distant. In response to a note from Elio, Oliver leaves a note on Elio's desk telling Elio to meet him at midnight. Elio spends the day with Marzia but longs to see Oliver. At midnight, he approaches Oliver and they have sex. They become more physically and emotionally intimate over the next few days, having sex frequently while keeping their relationship secret. Smitten with Oliver by this point, Elio starts avoiding Marzia. As the end of Oliver's stay approaches, the couple find themselves overcome by uncertainty and longing. Elio's parents, who are aware of the bond between the two, recommend they visit Bergamo together before Oliver returns to the United States. After spending three romantic days together, Elio, heartbroken, calls his mother and asks her to pick him up and take him home. Marzia, who still wants to be friends with Elio, is sympathetic; his father, seeing Elio's sadness, tells him he was aware of their relationship, confesses to almost having had a similar relationship in his own youth, and urges Elio to find pleasure in his grief. During Hanukkah, Oliver telephones Elio and his family to tell them he is engaged to be married. Oliver tells Elio he remembers everything very clearly. After the call, Elio sits by the fireplace, distraught, as his parents and the house staff prepare a holiday dinner.
Poetic Justice	American	drama	John Singleton	Justice (Janet Jackson) is a young woman living in South Central, Los Angeles. She was named Justice by her late mother, who gave birth to her while attending law school. After the shooting death of her boyfriend Markell (Q-Tip), Justice falls into a deep depression. She spends the majority of her time in the house she inherited from her grandmother, with her cat White Boy, only going out to her job at a local hair salon. Justice is a talented poet, she reads many of her poems throughout the course of the film, both to other characters and in voice over. Justice is at the hair salon working one day when a young postal clerk named Lucky (Tupac Shakur) comes in and begins flirting with her. She rebuffs his advances with the help of her female boss; the two women pretend to be lesbians and mock Lucky with their relationship. Lucky has also had tragedy in his life: his main focus is caring for his young daughter Keisha. He had to forcibly remove her from the care of her mother, Angel, a crack addict who was using drugs and having sex with her drug dealer while leaving the child unattended in the apartment. Lucky dreams of a professional career in music and shows considerable promise, but he insists his cousin is the true talent. Justice's friend Iesha (Regina King) manages to talk Justice into taking a road trip to Oakland with Iesha's boyfriend, Chicago (Joe Torry), Lucky's co-worker at the post office. Justice warily accepts, mainly because she has to go to Oakland for a hair show, and her car stops working at the last minute. Unbeknownst to Justice, Lucky is also on the trip, and she will now be sharing a postal van with him and their two mutual friends. Initially they argue, but over the course of the film soften towards each other as they discover their similarities. The foursome make a couple of detours, the first being a family reunion barbecue they see signs for on the road. Here it becomes apparent (although there were ample hints earlier) that Iesha and Chicago's relationship is troubled. Iesha openly flirts with other men at the barbecue, while Chicago broods watching her behavior. Iesha and Chicago argue in the mailtruck until Justice talks to Iesha about her behavior with alcohol. Iesha throws up and cries on Justice and apologizes to her. The second stop is a beach where each of the four characters contemplate their separate situations in internal monologues. Next, they stop at an African Cultural Fair where Lucky and Justice grow closer as they discuss their lives. After leaving the fair, the friction between Chicago and Iesha explodes when Iesha informs Chicago she has been seeing someone on the side and he physically attacks her. Lucky initially decides not to get involved in the fight until Justice defends Iesha by kicking Chicago in the groin, and Chicago turns his physical brutality at Justice in retaliation. Lucky, Justice, along with a bleeding and shaken Iesha leave Chicago by the side of the road and continue on their journey. Lucky stops the postal van at a beach, and Justice goes to see what's wrong. She begins opening up to him about her life and Lucky becomes sympathetic. They share a kiss and Justice walks away apparently unsure of her feelings for Lucky. She goes back to him and they share another kiss. When the now-threesome arrive in Oakland, they are met with the news that Lucky's cousin, with whom he had been working on recording music, has been killed. Lucky blames himself for not being in Oakland sooner, believing he could have prevented the shooting had he been in town. He turns his anger on Justice, angrily blaming her for distracting him while they were on the road. Jessie gives Justice and Iesha advice about men before the hair show. Lucky's uncle and aunt give Lucky his cousin's recording equipment. Lucky decides not to come back to work and to take care of Keisha. Some months have passed, and Lucky meets up with Justice again back at the hair salon, just at the moment he brings in his daughter Keisha. Lucky is remorseful over his conduct in Oakland and the cruel words he said to Justice there, and apologizes. She smiles at him and they share a passionate kiss. Justice smiles coyly, and then turns her attention to Keisha, fussing over her hair. Justice and Lucky's eyes meet over Keisha's head and they smile, their connection as strong as ever.
The Set-Up	American	drama	Strathford Hamilton	Charlie Thorpe (Billy Zane), a security systems expert, is caught during a robbery. When he get released from prison, a bank owner hires him to design a fool-proof system during the refurbishing of his bank. After he has completed the system, he begins getting blackmailed, to break his system.[1][2]
Boys	American	drama	Stacy Cochran	John Baker Jr. (Lukas Haas) is a boy bored with his life at an upper middle class boarding school, and the prospect of his future running the family grocery store chain. He no longer sees the point in school, stating what's the difference if he gets a zero attendance for being three minutes late or skipping the whole class so he might as well skip the class. Now close to graduating from boarding school, his life is turned upside down when he rescues Patty Vare (Winona Ryder), a young woman he finds lying unconscious in a field. Patty regains consciousness that evening in John's dormitory. She stays awake long enough to tell him she will not go to a doctor, and then passes out and does not awaken until the next morning. She seems to recover completely and to be grateful for John's assistance; the two begin a romantic voyage of self-discovery. This is not without its problems, as other boys in the dorm quickly find out she is being hidden in his room, leading up to a dramatic confrontation with Baker's close friends where his 'best friend' becomes enraged and punches a wall, breaking his hand, while the two continue to argue over the reason as to why Baker has hidden her in his room. Throughout the film, there are continuous flashbacks of Vare's past, showing her with a famous baseball player with whom she steals a car, leading up to a drunken car crash and his death (for which authorities are searching for Vare for questioning). By the end, Vare has admitted all this to Baker and informed the authorities of the location of the body and the car (as they crashed into a river). At the police station, both Baker and Vare begin to say goodbye when they unexpectedly jump into an elevator to escape from Baker's controlling father (Chris Cooper), and drive off with a car he had earlier stolen from the school.
The Triumph of the Rat	British	drama	Graham Cutts	The film opens with Pierre comfortably ensconced as the kept man of his old sparring-partner Zélie, who has apparently made good on her previous claims that she could transform him from a criminal ruffian into a gentleman accepted by the upper echelons of Parisian society. While he appears to relish his new-found social status, Zélie attempts to keep him on a tight rein by constantly reminding him that just as she pulled him up from the gutter, so can she send him back there if he displeases her. While mixing in rarefied social circles, Pierre develops an admiration for the titled Madeleine de l'Orme (Vanna), which does not go unnoticed by Zélie. She taunts him that while he may have piqued her interest, a true member of the aristocracy will always be out of his reach. He assures her that if he sets his mind to it, he will be able to hook Madeleine. Zélie challenges him to prove it. He sets about wooing Madeleine, and Zélie gradually realises to her horror that he is doing it in earnest rather than just to prove a point, and moreover is succeeding rather well. Carrying through her previous warnings, she takes her revenge and Pierre finds himself consigned back to his old haunt, the sordid White Coffin Club. There he is greeted warmly by his old colleague Mou-Mou (Suedo). However things have changed while he has been away and he is no longer ruler of the White Coffin roost. He is challenged to a knife fight which, unthinkably, he loses. In his shame he feels he can no longer show his face in the White Coffin, and spirals ever deeper into despair and destitution until he is finally reduced to scavenging among stray dogs for discarded scraps of food.[4]
The Cement Garden	British	drama	Andrew Birkin	Jack is a narcissistic 15-year-old boy, helping his father, a smoker with a persistent cough, unload large bags of cement to resurface the garden path of their post-war era prefab house. Despite being told to come straight home from school to help with the work the next day, Jack stops by the remains of a torn-down prefab to smoke a cigarette and read a pornographic magazine he has hidden there. When he comes home, he excuses himself to go to the toilet, where he proceeds to masturbate. His father collapses from a heart attack and dies. A few months after the tragedy, Jack's mother and his siblings, 17-year-old Julie, 13-year-old Sue, and 6-year-old Tom, are still mourning. Jack has become apathetic to the feelings of his family, while also neglecting to bathe. Jack's mother is taken ill and becomes bedridden and frail. Jack and Julie to take control of the household. Jack's selfishness soon leads to conflict between him and Julie. Jack attempts to remedy the tension between them by sneaking into her room. Jack teases that she's alone and unprotected before he tickles her sides with bee-suit gloves until he accidentally causes her to have an orgasm. He attempts to cover this up from his siblings. Shortly after this, the family celebrates Jack's 16th birthday in their mother's bedroom. He is reluctant to contribute to the small party by singing, but when Julie does a handstand, Jack stares at her underwear, then shares an intimate moment with her by singing Greensleeves. Although the rest of the family assume they are having fun, Julie recognises what he is doing, and plays along. This, along with another incident when Julie, while sunbathing in the garden, persuades Jack to rub suncreen into her back, intensifies what was initially a small affection for her into an incestuous crush. Jack soon finds himself escorting Sue and Tom to and from school, and defending Tom from a school bully, while Julie takes up the cooking and cleaning duties. One day, while Jack is cleaning up his mother's room, his mother informs him that her illness has become worse, and that she will have to go to hospital for a couple of months. She tells Jack and Julie not to tell anyone about her absence, or else they will be forced into foster care and their home will be torn down. She informs him that she has set up a savings account for them to take care of themselves for a while. Shortly afterwards, the mother dies at home of her illness. Grief-stricken and with no one else to go to, the siblings spend a miserable night together consoling each other in their living room. Remembering their last promise to their mother, Jack and Julie secretly resolve to hide her body. That night, they take the remaining bags of cement that Jack's father had bought the day before he died, create a crude mixture of cement and entomb their mother's body in a cement sarcophagus. As time passes following their mother's death, Jack slowly matures, although he stops bathing altogether. Sue becomes more introverted, distancing herself from her siblings and confiding only in her diary. Julie forms a relationship with a much older man named Derek, whom Jack starts to view with jealousy and hostility. Tom, meanwhile, takes up cross-dressing and attempts to remodel himself as a girl, something that irritates Jack but delights his sisters. Eventually, Tom starts to behave like a baby, sleeping in Julie's room in a crib and drinking from a bottle. The mental states of the other siblings gradually declines as time passes with no adult supervision. Derek becomes interested in what they are hiding in their basement. After a smell emanating from the basement draws him downstairs, Jack steps in and lies that the cement block contains a dead dog, subtly referencing their mother in the process. Jack falls asleep naked on his mother's bed. He wakes up to the sound of Tom crying. Jack goes into his Julie's room and joins Tom, who is also naked, in the crib. Tom tells Jack that Derek has told him that the cement block actually contains their mother. Jack realizes that Julie has told Derek the truth. Jack tells Tom fairy tale stories to coax him back to sleep, and soon falls asleep himself. He is awoken by Julie, who is both delighted and amused at what she has seen. Julie sits Jack on her bed, and explains to him that she and Derek are not physically intimate, and that he is an immature adult who lives with his mother. As their conversation becomes more intimate, Julie undresses herself, to join Jack in his nudity, before kissing him. The two cuddle on the bed, while contemplating the future now that too many people know their family's secret. Jack predicts that they will be taken into foster care, and their house will be torn down like the other prefabs in the area, contemplating that one day, someone will come rooting round. All they will find will be a few broken bricks in the long grass. Derek walks in and is horrified by what he sees. He demands to know how long this has been going on, and Julie simply replies, ages and ages. Derek expresses disgust and horror at what the two have become, and storms off. Unperturbed, Jack and Julie lie back down on the bed and converse further regarding whether what they did was right. Jack states that what they are doing seems natural to me. Smiling, Julie responds me too, and the two begin to have sex, as the sound of Derek smashing up the cement tomb containing their mother reverberates around the house. Jack and Julie are sleeping, while blue lights from a police car can be seen in the room.
Madonna of the Seven Moons	British	drama	Arthur Crabtree	A buried trauma from the past holds the key to the disappearance of a respectable married woman. Maddalena has a dual personality which leads her to forsake her husband and daughter, to flee to the house of the Seven Moons in Florence as the mistress of a jewel thief.[5]
The Night We Called It a Day	Australian	drama	Paul Goldman	In 1974, Rod Blue is a surfer with shoulder-length hair in Sydney, Australia who also stages rock concerts, unsuccessfully most of the time. Needing a big idea, he decides to fly to Los Angeles, make himself more presentable and try to persuade Frank Sinatra to come to Australia to sing. Sinatra takes a liking to the kid, overhearing him express why Sinatra's music means so much to him and to everyone. With his lawyer Mickey Rudin and right-hand man Jilly Rizzo in assent that a trip like this would be a good thing at this point for the singer's career, Sinatra agrees to go. At the airport in Australia, members of the media ask blunt and impolite personal questions as soon as Sinatra and his companion, Barbara Marx, step off their private jet. One of the prying reporters is Hilary Hunter, who angrily claims that Sinatra or someone in his entourage spat on her as they went by. Rod and his new assistant, Audrey Appleby, who has known him since their youth and long had a crush on him, do their best to make Sinatra's party comfortable in the penthouse of a Sydney hotel. Audrey strikes up a fast friendship with Barbara, who praises Sinatra as a lover but doesn't wish to rush him into marriage. Before going to Melbourne for the tour's first show, Rod suggests to Sinatra that the Australian press can be very sensitive to criticism, so the singer should try to avoid the subject. Doing it his own way as usual, Sinatra proceeds to further insult the woman reporter from the airport, calling her nothing more than a two-dollar whore. A restaurant needs to be his way, too, with its chef insulted by Barbara's meddling about how Frank's food needs to be prepared. Trade unions instantly react. Banding together, they decide to cut off all services to Sinatra immediately, including food, drink and maid service at his hotel. Newspapers mock the singer with headlines like Frankie, Go Home, but even that is problematic, inasmuch no one is willing now to supply fuel for his jet, either. An apology is demanded, but the best Sinatra is willing to do is permit Rudin to try to work out a satisfactory compromise with Bob Hawke, the trade union's leader (and Australia's future prime minister). Audrey, meantime, becomes furious at finding Rod kissing reporter Hilary, after which Rod gets into a bloody fistfight with Sinatra's sidekick, Rizzo, who refuses to release tapes of the concert that Rod has already pre-sold. It is ultimately proposed that Sinatra will do a benefit concert for the trades people, but as soon as he gets back on stage, rather than apologize for calling the reporter a two-dollar hooker, he says: I overpaid. Enjoying himself nevertheless, the singer calls Barbara up to the stage, introducing her to Australia as the girl I'm going to marry.
The Love Letters from Teralba Road	Australian	drama	Stephen Wallace	Len (Bryan Brown) and his wife Barbara (Kris McQuade) have separated after he beat her in a drunken rage. He tries to get her back with a series of letters.
Dushman	Bollywood	drama	Dulal Guha	Surjit Singh (Rajesh Khanna) earns a living driving a truck. He is a rash driver and more than usually also driving while drunk. One night he stops at the prostitute Chamelibai's (Bindu), spends the night with her, and gets up late the next morning. He rushes out and drives at breakneck speed in thick fog to make up for lost time while again drinking. He inevitably ends up running over and killing a farmer named Ram Din. But despite the opportunity to hit and run, he decides to stay and face the consequences. He is arrested by the police, charged, and brought before the courts. Surjit acknowledges his guilt to the Judge (Rehman), who in turn knows that he should send Surjit to prison for two years. But moved by the plight of Ram Din's family (which include his widow Malti (Meena Kumari); his sister Kamla (Kumari Naaz); two young sons; a crippled father Ganga Din (Nana Palsikar), and his blind mother (Leela Mishra)), and his inherent belief that imprisonment does not serve the good of the victim or the perpetrator, the Judge resolves to try a novel experiment of forcing Surjit to live with Ram Din's family and looking after their financial needs. A horrified Surjit attempts in vain to convince the Judge to change his ruling. He is transported to his new prison under police protection, where he is met by hostile villagers. Ram Din's family detest his presence, and call him Dushman (The enemy). Surjit attempts to escape on the first night, but is apprehended and brought back to serve his time. He gradually comes to terms with the twist of fate that has forced him to become a subsistence farmer and live under the ever unforgiving eyes of Ram Din's family. Over time, he starts sincerely working for the family and its interests. He meets Phoolmati Mumtaz, a happy-go-lucky girl who operates a small bi-scope machine to entertain the village kids. They take an instant liking to each other, which blossoms into love. He also finds friends amongst the previously hostile villagers. He works hard on the family plot while also protecting it from the clutches of a local landlord, who has ill-intentioned designs on the land and also on Kamla. Surmounting many obstacles, Surjit is able to arrange the marriage of Kamla with her childhood sweetheart. With the help of a benevolent police force and the Judge, he is also able to thwart the many attempts of the landlord to seize the family's land, and that of other villagers who have mortgaged their land with the same landlord. Malti however, is unable to forgive Surjit for having killed her husband. Things take a dramatic turn for the worse when Surjit is framed and arrested for the accidental death of Phoolmati's drunk grandfather. At the same time, the landlord has the lush harvest produced by Surjit and other villagers covertly set ablaze, and has Phoolmati kidnapped, primarily to punish Surjit. Malti, who has been working in one of the landlord's saw mills thinking he is an honourable man, witnesses his misdeeds, and finally realises her mistake. She is able to rescue Phoolmati, but gets trapped by the landlord instead, who attempts to rape her. Meanwhile, Surjit stages an escape from his holding cell and with the help of Phoolmati, is able to come to Malti's rescue in the nick of time. He confronts the landlord and violently assaults him as payback. The police show up and arrest the landlord for his role in defrauding the villagers and destroying their harvest. Ram Din's family finally accept Surjit as one of their own, and arrange his marriage to Phoolmati. In a final twist though, his two years' imprisonment is complete, and the Police arrive to escort him back to town. He pleads with the Judge to let him serve a life sentence, and the Judge smiles, vindicated that his experiment has been successful.[7]
The Longest Ride	American	drama	George Tillman, Jr.	Luke Collins (Scott Eastwood) is a bull rider on the Professional Bull Riders (PBR) tour, who is seriously injured one night while performing. A year later after recovering, he starts riding again and meets Sophia Danko (Britt Robertson) after she attends the show. She is an art lover living at a sorority house with an internship secured in New York City. On the way home from their first date, they spot a car crash in the woods and help rescue an older man who is stuck inside. Sophia also pulls a wicker box from the vehicle. While in the hospital, Sophia continuously visits the 91-year old man she and Luke rescued, Ira Levinson (Alan Alda). He explains that there are letters in the box, which he wrote as a teenager, and she offers to read them to him. They tell the story of how he met his late wife, Ruth (Oona Chaplin), on April 10, 1940. Their stories start to interweave. Luke finds an old photograph of Ira and Ruth that fell out of the box in his car and takes it to him at the hospital. In flashbacks, Ruth tells a young Ira that she wants a big family and, eventually, he proposes to her before leaving to fight in World War II. However, Ira is shot during an attack and is later informed by the doctor that he can no longer have children, news that causes distance between him and Ruth when he returns; as he knows how much she wants to be a mother. They decide to make it work regardless and move in together, decorating the house with many paintings that he and Ruth love more than anything. Luke continues riding bulls, no matter the risk of being hurt again, while he and Sophia fall in love. Ira is now out of the hospital and has been moved to a nursing home, where Sophia continues to visit. She gets a call from her boss in New York asking her to attend an art exhibit in Charlotte the following week, which she invites Luke to. While they're there, Luke makes a rude comment to Sophia's boss, which causes an argument between them. They talk about how their worlds are so different and Luke doesn't feel that their romance will work out because of it. Back home, Sophia goes to Ira for advice. He then tells the story of how they made their situation work. Ruth was a school teacher who became very attached to a young boy named Daniel McDonald in her class. Because Daniel lives with his uncaring half-brother and his wife, she and Ira begin taking him in as their own and Ruth later decides to officially adopt him as her son, but his hardhearted relatives wouldn't allow it. Meanwhile, Luke injures himself again, causing him to be rushed to the hospital. As Sophia is leaving for New York, she gets a call and goes to see him. Luke is advised not to ride again but refuses to accept that his career is over. Following an argument, Luke and Sophia break up. In flashbacks, Ira and Ruth also break up because she can't see a life with him without children in their future. However, weeks later, Ruth returns and they confess their love for one another. One morning, now eighty years old, Ira wakes up to find Ruth has died in her sleep. He boxes up all of the paintings they collected together to sell them at an auction. One night, a woman knocks on his door claiming to be the wife of Daniel McDonald, the child they almost adopted when they were younger, to inform him that Daniel, who later became an astronomer in Britain, has died. She gives him a portrait of Ruth that Daniel had painted and the photograph Daniel had kept of Ira and Ruth (the one Luke found in his car the day of the crash) with a message on the back that reads: Ruth Levinson, third grade teacher. She told me I could be anything I wanted to be when I grew up. Daniel became a professor of astronomy in memory of his favorite teacher. Sophia continues her studies at Wake Forest and Luke continues to ride bulls. One day, they are both contacted by Ira's attorney, (Sophia receives a phone call while in class; Luke opens a letter after a difficult ride) to inform them that Ira has died and that there will be an auction held for the paintings. Luke wins his last ride and wins the championship bull cup, but feels disappointed because Sophia isn't there with him. He then decides to go to the auction, where he buys the first painting, Daniel's portrait of Ruth. Sophia and Luke talk, and he tells her he won't ride anymore because what he really wants is to be with her. While they kiss, an uproar breaks out in the auction room. Luke is informed that he is now the owner of all of Ira's paintings since Ira left a message in his will stating that whoever bought the portrait would get them all since it was the most important one to him, making Luke very wealthy in the process. One year later, Luke and Sophia, now married, have built a museum dedicated to Ira and Ruth and their paintings. Luke takes Sophia to the old college where Ira and Ruth used to spend their wedding anniversary. They sit under exactly the same tree and read Ira's letters together.
Black and White	Turkish	drama	Ahmet Boyacıoğlu	A painter who has lived a stormy life that still rages on in his 70s; a lawyer who, forced to retire after a heart attack, spends his time feeding snails and searching for the quiet life; a doctor weary of his job and abandoned by his wife; a businesswoman who has fashioned loneliness into a lifestyle... These are the regulars of Ankara’s 25-year-old bar, Black & White, who gather here every evening. And then there is the bar’s manager Faruk, a stubborn, grumpy, touchy but extremely sweet man. One day, Faruk announces that he can no longer go on running the bar, and wants to shut it down. The regulars try their best to dissuade him.
Lakshmi	Bollywood	drama	B.S. Thapa	Lakshmi (Reena Roy), daughter of a poor postmaster gets married to Vijay Singh (Raj Babbar), the only son of a rich Zamindar (Om Shivpuri). Lakshmi gives birth to a male child Ajay Singh, affectionately called Pappu. Meanwhile, Vijay goes abroad for higher education. Vijay returns from abroad and a very big party is thrown in his honor, but most unfortunately, Vijay dies an accident on the same night of the party and thus the miseries of Lakshmi start. Lakshmi's ill fate is held responsible for this incident. She is tortured by her mother-in-law. She is blamed for everything and ultimately she has to leave home in a state of pregnancy. As the fate would have it, she was trapped in the red-light area, She accepts the profession of dancing, but all the time, keeping her chastity and purity intact and changes her name as Neelam Bai. She gives birth to a female child named as Geeta, here, Habu, (Ranjeet) a pimp becomes the brother to Lakshmi and assures her that he will protect her. She kept Geeta away from this atmosphere in a boarding school. Simultaneously, Lakshmi kept an eye on her son Pappu also, time passes; her son and daughter grow. When she comes to know that her son Ajay Singh (again Raj Babbar) needs money for going abroad for higher education, she is in a disguise and on some pretext gives money to her son. She has now only one ambition left; to see her daughter married to a good boy, but when everything seems to be smooth, Moti Seth, one time ardent admirer of Lakshmi, casts his evil eye on her daughter. Ultimately, Lakshmi gives poison to Moti Seth and murders him. The court trial starts, to her surprise, the Public prosecutor accusing her was none else but her own son Ajay / Pappu.[6]
Sadhu Babar Lathi	Bengali	drama	Sanghita Banerjee	Nabin Saha gets a speak of a dead Sadhu Baba (Saint) from his uncle. He takes the stick with him for a journey. On the way a local crook Nemai Roy makes friend with Nabin. When he learns that Nabin would cross the haunted Ghurbuner Math alone with Rs. 30,000/- he plans to rob Nabin. He ties up with the dacoits. Sota Gunda and slowly misleads the simple Nabin toward his den. Meanwhile, Nabin’s friend Jagai and Madai advance towards at the same Ghurbuner Math in search of a hidden treasure but sense something wrong. They cross the field to reach Harirpurer Kella (fort) to discover Nabin fighting the dacoits alone with Sadhu Baba’s Stick. The three musketeers win the battle. But the dacoits send Nemai once again to steal the stick after knowing its supernatural prowess. When Nemai comes back to Nabin’s village Haripur he reveals that the stick already become famous. Two other villainous people Hiru (a dacoit) and Panu (the local hoodlum) approach Nemai and threaten him to get the stick. Though after a lot of fuss Nemai manages to steal the stick from Nabin’s courtyard, he can do nothing with it. In fact no one can bear fruits from it as all the three gangs clash with each other only to bash up themselves. Nabin, Jagai and Madai get back the stick and install it upon the grave of Sadhu Baba.
Under Capricorn	British	drama	Alfred Hitchcock	In 1831, Sydney is a frontier town, full of rough ex-convicts from the British Isles. The new Governor, Sir Richard (Cecil Parker), arrives with his charming and cheery but indolent second cousin, the Honorable Charles Adare (Michael Wilding). Charles, who is hoping to make his fortune, is befriended by gruff Samson Flusky (Joseph Cotten), a prosperous businessman who was previously a transported convict, apparently a murderer. Sam says that because he has bought the legal limit of land, he wants Charles to buy land and then sell it to him for a profit so that Sam can accumulate more frontier territory. Though the Governor orders him not to go, Charles is invited to dinner at Sam's house. Charles discovers that he already knows Sam's wife, Lady Henrietta (Ingrid Bergman), an aristocrat who was a good friend of Charles' sister when they were all children in Ireland. Lady Henrietta is now an alcoholic who is socially shunned. Sam invites Charles to stay at his house, hoping it will cheer up his wife, who is on the verge of madness. The housekeeper, Milly (Margaret Leighton), has completely taken over the running the household, and is the one who secretly feeds Lady Henrietta alcohol, hoping to destroy her and win Sam's affections. Gradually, Charles restores Henrietta's self-confidence. They become closer and closer, and eventually they share a passionate kiss. But Henrietta explains that she and Sam are bound together most profoundly: when she was young, Sam was the handsome stable boy. Overcome with desire, they ran away and married at Gretna Green. Henrietta's brother, furious that aristocratic Henrietta had paired up with a lowly servant, confronted them. Her brother shot at them and missed; she then shot her brother fatally. Sam made a false confession to save her, and was sent to the penal colony in Australia. She followed him and waited seven years in abject poverty for his release. After listening to Milly's greatly exaggerated stories of what Charles did in Lady Henrietta's bedroom, Sam becomes furious and orders Charles to leave. Taking Sam's favorite mare in the dark, Charles has a fall and the horse breaks a leg. Sam has to shoot her dead and, in a subsequent struggle over the gun, seriously wounds Charles. Sam will now be prosecuted again for attempted murder. At the hospital, Henrietta confesses to the Governor that Sam was wrongly accused of the first crime of murder; she was the one who shot and killed her brother. By law she should be deported back to Ireland to stand trial. Milly, still plying Henrietta with drink, is using a real shrunken head to fake hallucinations. Milly then attempts to kill Henrietta with an overdose of sedatives; she is caught in the act and ordered out in disgrace. The Governor, Sir Richard, has Sam arrested and charged with the attempted murder of Charles. Sir Richard ignores Henrietta's claim that Sam is innocent of both crimes. However, Charles decides to bend the truth; he says, on his word as a gentleman, that there was no confrontation, and no struggle over the gun. It was all an accident. Finally we see Sam and Henrietta together smiling at the dock. They bid Charles a fond and grateful farewell; he is going back to Ireland.
Room at the Top	British	drama	Jack Clayton	In late 1940s Yorkshire, England, Joe Lampton, an ambitious young man who has just moved from the dreary factory town of Dufton, arrives in Warnley to assume a secure, but poorly paid, post in the Borough Treasurer's Department. Determined to succeed, and ignoring the warnings of a colleague, Soames, he pursues Susan Brown, daughter of the local industrial magnate, Mr. Brown. Mr. and Mrs. Brown deal with Joe's social climbing by sending Susan abroad. Joe turns for solace to Alice Aisgill, an unhappily married older woman. Joe and Alice have an affair, though he continues his pursuit of Susan upon her return. Once he has had sex with her, however, he loses interest and admits to himself that he truly loves Alice. Alice is overjoyed by Joe's decision to end his quest for wealth and social status in favor of simply being happy with himself and with her. The two of them decide that she should ask for a divorce from her brutal husband George Aisgill. But George refuses and declares that he will ruin Joe and Alice, both socially and financially, if their relationship continues. Meanwhile, Susan's father delivers the news that Susan is pregnant; he expects Joe immediately to stop seeing Alice, marry Susan and come to work for him as an executive. After Joe delivers the news that he will marry Susan, the heartbroken Alice gets drunk and crashes her car. She is mutilated but not immediately found and dies slowly over the ensuing hours. Distraught over the loss of Alice and blaming himself for her fate, Joe disappears. After being beaten unconscious by a gang of thugs for making a drunken pass at one of their women, Joe is recovered by Soames in time to marry Susan. With that, Joe has at last accomplished all of the goals that he had so long sought, but that he no longer desires.
Yesterday's Hero	Australian	drama	Neil Leifer	Rod Turner (McShane), a former star footballer now an alcoholic and playing in a minor league, is persuaded to attempt a comeback to the professional game with the Saints, owned by a wealthy pop star who, when young, had idolized Turner. When a striker gets injured, Turner is signed by the Third Division team and helps to get them to a Cup Final, where they play Leicester Forest. But can he stop drinking and make it to the final? Scenes of the Cup Final include footage from the 1979 Football League Cup Final between Southampton and Nottingham Forest at Wembley Stadium.
Lucky Country	Australian	drama	Kriv Stenders	Set in 1902, the Australian Federation has been established for one year. Twelve-year-old Tom's beloved father Nat has dragged him and his sister Sarah to an isolated farm at the edge of the woods. However, Nat's dream of living off the land has died, as he loses his sanity. When three ex-soldiers arrive at their cabin one night, Tom, like his father, believes they are providence. But their presence becomes more menacing when one of them reveals a secret: he's found gold. As the lure of gold infects everyone around him the cabin becomes a psychological battleground in which Tom's loyalty is put to the ultimate test.
The Bitch	British	drama	Gerry O'Hara	Fontaine Khaled (Joan Collins) is the owner of a trendy London disco who is now facing financial problems. At the same time, she also has to deal with the various men in her life, as well as the Mafia.
Paroma	Bollywood	drama	Aparna Sen	The movie is about a 40-year-old married woman, Paroma (Raakhee) whose identity lies in the words like bahu (the daughter-in-law), kaki maa (paternal aunt) and bhabhi (brother's wife). Her well-settled, very normal and predictable life turns upside down when Rahul (Mukul Sharma), an expatriate photo-journalist working for a magazine chooses her to pose for a photo essay, An Indian Housewife. It begins with a simple question, What do you think, Paroma?. Through Rahul, Paroma rediscovers herself. His photographs of her make her look glamorous. Their affair or rather her discovery of herself, becomes a problem when some of the photographs, earlier admired by the family, are published in a journal (the semi nude photographs that were published were never shown to the family, Rahul deceived her by publishing those photographs without her consent). Paroma is rejected by her husband and has a mental breakdown. In the end, a doctor suggests prescribing psychiatric treatment and the family is willing to accept her back, but Paroma adamantly refuses any sense of guilt, turning to her friend and asking her if she can help her find a job.
Panga Nibi Na Sala	Bengali	drama	Prince	The story of the film revolves around a goon, Kali, who terrorizes the residents of a locality and is hand on hand with the Officer in Charge of the local police station- pritam , who fully ignores all his activities. He carries out all illegal activities and goes around killing people with impunity. Anyone who messes with Kali is murdered. Rohit’s younger sister is killed by Kali's goons when she witnesses a murder. His father is later arrested on false charges and is later killed by the Officer in Charge-pritam . His mother protested at this and even she was killed afterwards by o.c-Pritam at their residence. All this transforms Rohit into a different person. In pursuit of his revenge, he starts killing everyone who has directly or indirectly harmed the family.[2]
Piya Ka Ghar	Bollywood	drama	Basu Chatterjee	The two main characters are Ram and Malti (Jaya Bhaduri). Ram lives in an apartment in Mumbai. Malti initially lives in a relatively comfortable home in an unidentified village. Ram and Malti are hooked up through a matchmaker that their parents have hired. We first see the matchmaker visiting Malti's house; he then visits Ram and his family (parents, two brothers, one sister-in-law, three uncles, and two aunts), who live together in a one-room apartment. Ram and Malti fall in love, and Ram's family visits her in her village. Soon, they are married, and Malti moves to Ram's apartment, not knowing what to expect. Since there is very little room left in the apartment, the newlyweds are forced to sleep in the kitchen. They make several comical, but failed, attempts to have some privacy. At last, Malti can bear it no longer, and her uncle arrives to take her back to the village. But when they see all her in-laws offering to move out on her account, they change their minds, saying that such love overcomes the difficulties of living in Mumbai. In the end, the couple finally finds the privacy they sought.
Scandal	British	drama	Michael Caton-Jones	An English bon-vivant osteopath is enchanted with a young exotic dancer and invites her to live with him. He serves as friend and mentor, and through his wide range of contacts and his parties she and her friend meet and date members of the Conservative Party. A scandal develops when her affair with the Minister of War comes to public attention.
Bomb in the High Street	British	drama	Peter Bezencenet and Terry Bishop	A gang of villains carry out a bank robbery disguised as soldiers, creating a diversion using a fake bomb scare.
Pacific Destiny	British	drama	Wolf Rilla	The true story of inexperienced District Officer Cadet Arthur Grimble (Denholm Elliott) who arrives with his bride Olivia (Susan Stephen) on a remote Pacific island to work in the Colonial Service. He finds it hard to meet the approval of his superior, the Resident Commissioner (Michael Hordern), who had been expecting a more experienced man. The harder Grimble tries to please him, the more things seem to go awry, and he soon finds himself banished to a smaller neighbouring island. Olivia though is not as easily discouraged as her husband by the situation, and lends her support in a way that eventually meets with the approval of the island people.
Men of Steel	British	drama	George King	James Harg (Stuart) and his father work in a steelmaking plant which is incompetently run, with scant attention being paid to worker safety. In his own time, Harg works on ideas for a revolutionary new manufacturing process for hard steel. When his father is badly injured in a workplace accident resulting from employer negligence, Harg uses some of the compensation payment to develop his invention to a stage where it can be tested in practice. It is a huge success and Harg patents his process. He rises to a position on the board of the company, before staging a coup to oust his former employer and take over the business himself.
The Nun and the Bandit	Australian	drama	Paul Cox	In the 1940s, two outlaw brothers kidnap their wealthy 14-year-old second cousin, but things get complicated when her chaperoning nun refuses to abandon her charge.
Permanent Residence	Hong Kong	drama	Scud	The film explores the near true-life story of a young Chinese man (said to be a semi-autobiography of the film's writer/producer), who seeks a long-term relationship with a straight friend. The friend is aware of his inclination, and is happy to befriend him, but is very reluctant to express open affection for him or to become emotionally involved.
Chhayamoy	Bengali	drama	Haranath Chakraborty	Indrajit is a UK based scholar. While working to preserve historical documents he find a parchment from which he learns about treasures hidden in an old Jamindar palace in Simulgarh, a village of West Bengal. Actually Indrajit is the descendant of the jamindar's family. He comes to the village, finds out the treasure with the help of one goldsmith but, a local goon Gagan Sapui accuses him of robbery, beats him up and expels him out of the village. Sapui wants to melt those coins to make new jewellery. After being beaten up, Indrajit goes to forest near the village where he meets Chhayamoy, a benevolent ghost. After listening the incidence from Indrajit, Chhayamoy decides to teach Sapui a lesson.[4]
Paar	Bollywood	drama	Goutam Ghose	The film of exploitation in rural Bihar, in which a landlord (Utpal Dutt)’s men wreck a village and kill the benevolent schoolmaster (Anil Chatterjee) who was a progressive force in the village. The labourer Naurangia (Naseeruddin Shah) breaks with a tradition to passive resistance and retaliates by killing the landlord’s brother. Naurangia and his wife Rama (Shabana Azmi) become fugitives from justice. After many efforts to find sustenance elsewhere, the two decide to return home. To earn the fare, they agree to drive the herd of pigs through the river, causing the pregnant Rama to believe she has lost her baby. But they have to swim across a wide, swiftly flowing river, in which they nearly drown before reaching safety. At the end of the film Naurangia puts his ear to her belly and listens to the heartbeats of the unborn baby.
The Bridges of Madison County	American	drama	Clint Eastwood	In the present, adult siblings Michael and Carolyn arrive at the Iowa farmhouse of Francesca Johnson, their recently deceased, elderly mother, to see about the settlement of their mother's estate. As they go through the contents of her safe deposit box and the will, they are baffled to discover that their mother left very specific instructions that her body be cremated and her ashes thrown off the nearby Roseman Covered Bridge, which is not in accordance with the burial arrangements their parents had made: side-by-side plots in the local cemetery. Michael initially refuses to comply with the cremation, while Carolyn discovers a set of photos of her mother and a letter. She manages to convince Michael to set aside his initial reaction so they can read the documents she has discovered. Once alone, they go through a series of letters from a man named Robert Kincaid to their mother. The siblings find their way to a chest where their mother left a letter, a series of diaries, photographs, old cameras and other mementos. They discovered that in 1965, their mother, an Italian war bride, had a four-day affair with Robert Kincaid, a travelling professional photographer who had come to Madison County, Iowa, to shoot a photographic essay for National Geographic on the covered bridges in the area.[6] The affair took place while her husband and children were at the state fair in Illinois. The story in the diaries also reveals the impact the affair had on the lives of Francesca and Robert, since they almost ran away together, so she could travel the world with him. However, after a wrenching period of decision-making, she decided to stay at the last minute after considering the bigger picture that includes the consequences leaving would have on the lives of her teenage children and husband, who was a good, loving man. Kincaid is very moved by meeting her. He finds meaning and his true calling as an artist. The story also has deep consequences on the lives of Michael and Carolyn, who are both experiencing marital problems. Their mother’s story helped them to find a sense of direction in their lives. At the end, the Johnson siblings comply with their mother’s request and scatter their mother's ashes at the covered bridge.
Shakti	Bollywood	drama	Ramesh Sippy	Retired Commissioner of Police Ashwini Kumar (Dilip Kumar) is at the railway station to receive his teenage grandson Ravi (Anil Kapoor), who has just returned after completing his B.A. exams. On being asked by his grandfather about his future plans, Ravi promptly replies that he wants to become a police officer and serve his country, just like his grandfather. Kumar tells him that the journey of being a police officer is fraught with many arduous challenges, and Ravi should reconsider his decision. Kumar starts by explaining his own life story in a flashback. Kumar had a happy family consisting of him, Sheetal, Ravi's grandmother, and son Vijay, Ravi's father. In the course of purging the city of crime, Ashwini takes up cudgels against a dreaded gangster named J.K. Verma (Amrish Puri). He arrests a key henchman of J.K. named Yashwant in order to decimate J.K.'s supremacy. However, J.K. takes matters into his own hands and abducts Vijay. J.K. calls up Ashwini and tries to strike a deal: Yashwant's freedom in lieu of Vijay's life. Ashwini, a virtuous cop, tells J.K. on the phone that even if his only son is killed in the process, he will not betray the law. Unbeknownst to Ashwini, however, the conversation is being tape recorded. When Vijay listen to his father's voice on the tape recorder, he is shocked and pained to hear his father's words and his lackadaisical attitude towards his own flesh and blood. With no help forthcoming, Vijay takes it upon himself to escape his abductors. Whilst the entire gang is searching for Vijay, K.D. Narang (Kulbhushan Kharbanda), another goon in J.K.'s gang, finds Vijay but pities the helpless child and helps him escape to safety. The police trace J.K.'s hideout, but find that Vijay is missing. Vijay manages to escape and reaches home safely, but Vijay slowly and surely distances himself from his father. Narang and J.K. become sworn enemies after J.K. discovers that Narang was behind Vijay's escape. As the years pass by, Vijay (Amitabh Bachchan), who has now become a young man, begins resenting his father and his father's love for upholding the law. During a chance encounter, Vijay rescues a young lady named Roma (Smita Patil), Ravi's mother, from 4 rowdy men who try to molest her. Vijay and Roma begin to form a close relationship. During a job interview for the post of Assistant Manager of a Hotel, K.D. Narang, the owner of the Hotel, happens to be passing by. He interjects the interview and promptly hires Vijay. Vijay remembers K.D. Narang as the person who had saved his life and decides to work in whatever capacity required with the man he perceives he owes his life to. The duo, J.K. and K.D., have now become sworn enemies in their illegal businesses, so J.K. decides to remove his thorns before they suck the blood out of him and his business. J.K. tries to get K.D. murdered, but Vijay rescues K.D. with his presence of mind. Vijay reminisces to K.D. how Vijay owes his life to K.D., and now Vijay becomes K.D.'s right hand man. J.K. is infuriated at his men for failing to kill Narang. His men tell him that Vijay spoiled the plan. Enraged, J.K. creates a plan to kill Vijay first, followed by Narang, and then Ashwini. Ashwini resents the growing proximity between Vijay and K.D. Narang, so he asks Vijay to leave his house. Vijay moves in with Roma, and they start living together, without marriage. Sheetal tries to persuade her son to leave the path of wrong, but in vain. Later, Roma reveals to Vijay that she is pregnant with his child, who is Ravi, so Vijay marries her. One night, while Vijay and Roma are at a restaurant, a drunk man named Ganpat Rai attempts to propose to Roma, but Vijay beats him up, causing two men dressed in blue clothes to come forward and escort Rai out of the hotel. It turns out that these two men hired Rai to act foolish and drunk. A few minutes later, one of the men stab Rai to death. The next morning Vijay returns home, but Ashwini's men follow him. Ashwini's most loyal officer, Sudhakar, possesses a warrant claiming Vijay had murdered Rai. Vijay is taken into police custody but when the charges are determined false, Vijay is released from prison and he begins to work with K.D. full-time. When Narang's truck of goods is stolen by J.K., Vijay requests Narang to bring his truck back to him, but alone, to which Narang agrees. When Vijay sees J.K. passing by, he captures him. Vijay tells J.K. that he was the same boy whom J.K. had abducted from school, and that he has been waiting for his revenge for years, much to J.K.'s horror. After a heated battle with J.K.'s men, Vijay drives Narang's truck back to him. When journalists cross-question Ashwini about his conflict of interest - his own son being a renowned gangster in K.D.'s gang, but he is the Deputy Commissioner of Police - the Commissioner of Police (Ashok Kumar) asks Ashwini to forego the case. Ashwini, however, requests for 48 hours to capture and bring Vijay and the other nefarious gangsters to justice, failing which Ashwini will resign. K.D., Vijay and most of J.K.'s gangsters are arrested, but J.K. remains absconding. J.K. takes it upon himself to eliminate his troubles once and for all by murdering Ashwini. Instead, Sheetal is murdered by J.K. himself whilst trying to shield her husband. An enraged Vijay, who is imprisoned at the time of Sheetal's murder, escapes the police and proceeds to start hunting for J.K.'s head. Vijay finds a den where four of J.K.'s men are present. Vijay tells them he has nothing against them, and only wants J.K., but the gangsters attempt to murder him. However, Vijay succeeds in killing all of the men. During the interrogation of one of J.K.'s henchmen, Vijay learns that J.K. has plans to leave India using fake credentials. Vijay then kills the man, who drowns. Following up on the tip, Vijay arrives at the airport, and ultimately succeeds in killing J.K., who is in a disguise, thereby avenging his mother's death. Ashwini succeeds in tracking down Vijay and asks Vijay not to escape, but in vain. A teary-eyed Ashwini pulls the trigger, mortally wounding his son in the process. Ashwini rushes towards him and in a tearful goodbye, Vijay realizes his mistake and asks for forgiveness, saying to his father that he always loved him very much. Vijay then dies. This makes Ashwini realize what a foolish idea it was to kill Vijay, and why he had not thought twice about doing so before pulling the trigger. Following this, he immediately quits the police force. The scene cuts to the present and a tearful Ashwini reiterates to Ravi, asking him whether he wants to follow his decision of being a police officer. Ravi, despite hearing the heartbreaking story, firmly replies in the affirmative. Kumar and Roma, Ravi's mother, give Ravi their blessings. Ravi takes a train and leaves, signifying that he would become an officer in the future.
Private Potter	British	drama	Casper Wrede	During the Cyprus Emergency, the eponymous Private Potter is a soldier who claims that the reason he cried out leading to the death of a comrade was that he saw a vision of God. There is then a debate over whether he should be court-martialled.
Stealing Home	American	drama	Steven Kampmann	In the 1980s, Billy Wyatt (Harmon) is a thirty-something washed up baseball player who now works as a high school groundskeeper, spending his days tending to the field and drinking. One afternoon he receives a phone call informing him that Katie Chandler, an old acquaintance, has died. The bulk of the film consists of extended flashbacks to the 1960s explaining Billy and Katie's relationship. Katie was a slightly older neighborhood girl who befriended Billy's mother, Ginny (Brown), and who became his babysitter. Katie acts as a mentor to the young Billy, and, as he grows up, gives him advice on women and dating. As Billy ages he begins to develop feelings for Katie, though the rebellious and worldly wise Katie is interested in older men. Nevertheless, the two share a flirtatious relationship, and Katie comes to regard Billy as her closest friend and confidante. One summer in his late teens, Billy's father dies in a car accident, and Katie, Billy, and Ginny go on vacation to recover from the tragedy. While sharing a beach house, Katie encourages Ginny to have a one-night stand. An enraged Billy attacks the man whom she brings home, thinking that having sex with another man so soon is disrespectful to his father's memory. He and Katie argue, but later that night make up and sleep together. The next day, Katie tells Billy that she's leaving the country with a man she's been seeing, intending to live a life of adventure. In voice over narration, Billy recalls that this is the last time he ever saw Katie. In the present, Billy visits Katie's family. Her father tells Billy that Katie went through a series of failed and abusive relationships getting married and divorced 4 times and that she had seemed chronically unhappy for some time. Despite apparently rebounding from her most recent breakup, she unexpectedly committed suicide. Katie's father tells Billy that her suicide note requested that Billy be responsible for disposing of her ashes, and entrusts them to Billy. Billy reunites with his childhood friend Alan Appleby (Ramis), and the two engage in a night of reminiscing and carousing with Katie's ashes while trying to decide what will be the most respectful way to dispose of them. Eventually, Billy recalls a memory of Katie telling him a story about watching an Atlantic City show in which a horse ran down a pier and jumped into the water, admiring the image of freedom it offered her. The next morning, Billy locates the same pier and scatters Katie's ashes there. Seeing a new sense of possibility in his own life, Billy reunites with a former girlfriend and joins a minor league baseball team; the film ends with Billy, his girlfriend, and Appleby celebrating after a game.
Cape Forlorn	British	drama	E.A. Dupont	A lighthouse on a lonely coast of New Zealand is looked after by lighthouse keeper William Kell. Kell marries Eileen, a dancer in a cabaret, who winds up having an affair with Kell's assistant, Cass. Eileen then begins flirting with a stranger, Kingsley, an absconder who is rescued from the wreck of a motor launch. Kingsley and Cass quarrel; the woman rushes upon the scene with a revolver, fires blindly, and Cass Is shot dead.
Jeffrey	American	drama	Christopher Ashley	The story takes place in Manhattan during the height of the AIDS epidemic and revolves around the title character (Steven Weber), a gay man who has sworn off sex because of it. Almost immediately thereafter he meets Steve (Michael T. Weiss), a hunky, charming HIV positive man. He then experiences an emotional conflict as he must face his fear in order to accept love, often breaking the fourth wall to do so. It’s not so much that Jeffrey is afraid of dying himself, but that he’s afraid that he will fall in love with someone who is bound to die; thus, his celibacy is not only about sex, but also about relationships in general. Helping him through this period of his life and advising him is a cast of cameos including Patrick Stewart, Nathan Lane, and Sigourney Weaver.[1]
Dushman Duniya Ka	Bollywood	drama	Mehmood	The movie focuses on Mahesh (Jeetendra), an honest and diligent young man, who has no knowledge of his background as he was raised in an orphanage. One day, out with his friend Badru (Shahrukh Khan), he meets Reshma (Sumalatha), who is also an orphan. Badru advises Mahesh to make a move on her, though as he approaches her, the two fall in love and Badru decides to get them married. They then live a harmonious life and soon are proud parents of a healthy young boy who they name Lucky (Manzoor Ali). Lucky grows up to be as honest and diligent as his dad, and his future appears to be very bright. When Lucky sees his father smoking, he starts to as well, but when his father stops him, he explains that an old man around his school sells him cigarettes. When Badru and Mahesh approach the old man, he tries to run. Badru chases after him and is then run over by a truck. Badru tragically dies, leaving Mahesh, Reshma, and Lucky on their own. Years later, when Lucky grows up, he falls in love with Lata (Laila Mehdin), and both plan to marry soon with the blessings of their respective parents. Then Mahesh's world is turned upside down when he finds drugs in Lucky's pocket. He speaks to Lucky about this, and Lucky promises to give up drugs forever and does live up to his promise. While driving home one day, Mahesh witnesses a drug peddler selling drugs to a group of youths which also included Lucky. He notifies the police, and they arrest the youths, but the peddler manages to escape. All the other youth tested positive for drugs, except for Lucky. When he returns home, his parents refuse to believe him, this angers him and he and his father come close to fisticuffs. Mahesh asks Lucky to leave, and he does so. Even Lata has left him and dumped him by now. Lucky regresses to drugs and his friends until he runs out of money. Now he must either steal or even consider killing someone for money and the only ones he could think of taking money from are his parents. What will be Lucky's fate?
The Lamp Still Burns	British	drama	Maurice Elvey	Laurence Rains (Stewart Granger) is annoyed when female architect Hilary Clarke (Rosamund John) insists he must enlarge the first aid room in his factory to satisfy government regulations, despite having the best safety record in the country. He encounters her once again, now a nurse trainee assisting a doctor treat one of his employees. He finds out that Clarke only became an architect to please her father, who had no sons to follow in his profession. When she saw how her young assistant at her firm, seriously injured in a traffic accident, was tended to by the nurses, she found her true vocation. Pamela Siddell (Margaret Vyner), a violinist and Rains' fiancee, sees his attraction to Clarke. Through the influence of Sir Marshall Freyne (Godfrey Tearle), one of her clients and a member of the board of Queen Eleanor's Hospital, Clarke is allowed to embark on a tough nurse training course, though she is somewhat older than the typical nineteen- or twenty-year-old candidate. Her independence gets her into trouble time and time again with the strict, by-the-book matron in charge of the nurses (Cathleen Nesbitt) when she questions some of the numerous regulations (for example, nurses are not allowed to speak directly to the doctors). Romantic complications arise when both Rains and Siddell become patients at the hospital after a factory explosion. Rains and Clarke fall in love. Siddell eventually releases her fiance from their engagement. However, nurses are expected to devote themselves body and soul to their profession and do not have the time for personal relationships. Clarke's friend and fellow nurse, Christine Morris (Sophie Stewart), decides in favour of love, and gives up her career and a promotion to sister to marry the man she loves. Clarke chooses differently, but Rains vows to wait until she or someone else gets the situation improved.
Memed My Hawk	British	drama	Peter Ustinov	In 1920s Turkey, a young peasant is smitten with a beautiful young girl, who has been promised in marriage to the fat, dullard cousin of the province's powerful and corrupt governor.
Lost in Beijing	Chinese	drama	Li Yu	Liu Pingguo (Fan Bingbing) and her husband, An Kun (Tong Dawei) are a young migrant couple from the northeast of China who have moved to Beijing for a better life. Pingguo and An Kun live in a dilapidated apartment eking out their existence working menial jobs. An Kun works as a window washer, while his wife works in the Golden Basin Massage Parlor as a foot masseuse. Golden Basin is owned and operated by Lin Dong (Tony Leung Ka-fai), an unabashed womanizer, and himself from Guangdong Province. His wife, Wang Mei (Elaine Jin) practices Chinese medicine. Very soon, the two couples find themselves headed for a collision course. When Pingguo's best friend, Xiao Mei (Zeng Meihuizi), assaults a customer, she is quickly fired by Lin Dong. Pingguo, wishing to commiserate, takes her friend out and promptly becomes drunk on bai jiu. Returning to the Golden Basin, she passes out in an empty office. Lin Dong, seeing the vulnerable Pingguo attempts to make a pass, which quickly turns into rape, a rape witnessed by the window washer, An Kun. Furious at the sight, An Kun begins a campaign of harassment against Lin Dong, defacing his Mercedes Benz, and attempting to blackmail him for ¥20,000. When Lin Dong ignores the furious husband, An Kun goes directly to Wang Mei, who rather than acquiescing, seduces the naive window washer. Soon, it is discovered that Liu Pingguo is pregnant, though neither An Kun nor Lin Dong can be certain of who is the father. Lin Dong, however, sees in Pingguo an opportunity to make things right with his barren wife as well as to settle things with Pingguo and her husband once and for all. Soon, the two husbands have concocted a scheme wherein An Kun initially receives ¥20,000 for his mental suffering. If the child has Lin Dong's blood type, he will go home with the massage-parlor owner and An Kun will receive ¥100,000. If however, the baby is An Kun's, no money is exchanged, but Pingguo and An Kun keep the baby. Moreover, if Lin Dong again sleeps with Pingguo, half of his assets will go to Wang Mei in a divorce proceeding. During these negotiations, Pingguo remains conspicuously silent. As the baby is carried to term, Lin Dong becomes more and more attached to the idea that he will at last be a father. When the baby is born however, An Kun discovers that it is indeed his child. Unable to turn down the money, he manages to convince Lin Dong that it is his son, allowing him to collect the ¥120,000. Although, seeing how happy Lin Dong is with the baby, An Kun grows increasingly jealous, at last resorting to a clumsy and ultimately doomed kidnapping. After being released (presumably by Wang Mei, who has decided to divorce her husband), An Kun attempts to repurchase his child, to which Lin Dong promptly refuses. Pingguo, who had moved into Lin Dong's home after the birth as a nursemaid, at last has had enough. Quietly, she gathers the money that An Kun had returned, and taking her child, walks out the door. The film then ends as the two men, Lin Dong and An Kun, attempt to search for her, only to have their car break down on a busy Beijing highway...
The Evening Star	American	drama	Robert Harling	Years have passed since the death of her daughter, Emma. Aurora Greenway is still her usual strong, willful self, but all is not well with the three grandchildren she raised after Emma's death, particularly eldest boy Tommy, who is serving time in jail on a drug charge. Younger grandson Teddy now has a girlfriend and a son. Melanie (who is both the youngest and the only girl out of the three grandkids), is all but grown and still living with Aurora at home but giving serious thought to moving out. Aurora's only true companion is housekeeper Rosie, particularly now that a man she's been spending time with, the General, is a friend, not a romance. Her late daughter's old friend, Patsy, still has a home in Houston and thinks of herself as Aurora's friend now, dispensing advice to Melanie, something that Aurora does not appreciate. Rosie is being courted by an elderly gentleman named Arthur, who has bought astronaut Garrett Breedlove's former house next door. On seeing how lonely Aurora obviously is, Rosie tricks her into seeing a licensed counselor, Jerry, to whom Aurora admits that she is still seeking the love of my life. Thoroughly unprofessional in almost every way, Jerry jumps into a romantic situation with Aurora himself. However, he has an ulterior motive, which she soon learns. Aurora is cheered up only by a brief visit from Garrett, who advises her to find that true love soon because there aren't that many shopping days left till Christmas. Needing a cause, Aurora decides to take charge after Melanie moves to California to try to become an actress. She is peeved to discover that Patsy has exactly the same idea. Melanie succeeds in landing a role on a television show. Aurora comes home to a new problem, however, when it turns out that Rosie is critically ill. She is left once more facing the prospect of being alone.
The Tell-Tale Heart	British	drama	Brian Desmond Hurst	A young manservant is driven mad by his obsession with the repulsive diseased eye of an old man who cares for him. He kills his master and hides the remains under the floorboards. When the police investigate the old man's disappearance, the imagined beating of the victim's heart haunts the murderer's thoughts so much that his words and actions arouse the suspicions of the police.
Close My Eyes	British	drama	Stephen Poliakoff	In 1985, town planning student Richard Gillespie walks through a scene of tower-blocks en route to visit his older sister Natalie, whom he is not very close to since they each grew up with a different parent after their parents divorced. Natalie has recently bought a noisy apartment with, Noley, only to have him leave her within two months. She is also unhappy in her job as a buyer. On Richard's insistence, they go for a late-night walk and Natalie seems to cheer up. Richard stays over, waking in the middle of the night due to loud music from the neighboring apartment, he finds Natalie still awake and still extremely depressed. Richard's attempts to lighten the mood end when Natalie pulls him into an unexpectedly passionate embrace, kissing him on the lips. She immediately apologizes, making the excuse that she just wanted someone to hug. Richard seems stunned, but not disturbed. By 1990, Richard becomes an extremely successful town planner and something of a lothario, while Natalie's career stagnates in a succession of low-level administrative jobs that she hates. They meet again in 1991. Richard, committed to the environment and sustainable town planning, is interviewed for a job with the magazine Urban Alert, formed to put pressure on the planners of Docklands to consider the needs of the local residents. The editor, Colin, is somewhat skeptical of Richard's intentions but takes him on anyway to work with his deputy, Jessica. Meanwhile, Natalie applies for a job as secretary to a powerful and rich stock analyst, Sinclair Bryant. She does not get the job, but later marries Sinclair. Richard, who does not go to the wedding, finally visits Natalie in her palatial home in Petersham. He is surprised by her changed, now posh mannerisms. Richard is introduced to Sinclair and the two get along well, as they are both highly intelligent with similar interests in literature (Marcel Proust) and a similar outlook on life. Natalie is not fully happy with her life, as she feels insignificant compared to Sinclair. Shortly after Richard's visit to her home, Natalie visits Richard's apartment. They attempt to prevent their attraction for each other from spilling over, but are unsuccessful. They kiss and remove each other's clothes, ending up lying naked together on the floor. Natalie tries to make Richard stop her from making love. He tries, but eventually they succumb to their desires. After this encounter, they try to avoid each other. This proves difficult as Sinclair invites Richard to a social gathering. Natalie and Richard find they are still attracted to each other and agree to meet again to discuss the situation. Natalie specifies that she only wants to talk. Meanwhile, at Richard's work, Colin has become quite successful; he has developed AIDS and informs the office. After this revelation, Richard and Colin find it hard to interact with each other because they are both pretending nothing is wrong. Natalie and Richard meet again, this time at Sinclair's parents' apartment. Natalie has told Sinclair that she is going away to Nuneaton that weekend for work. Richard and Natalie have sex. Following this liaison, Natalie is firm that their affair must end. At some point that weekend, Sinclair attempts to call Natalie when the dishwasher floods the kitchen. Discovering that she is not at the hotel in Nuneaton, Sinclair infers that she is having an affair. On her return, he questions her vaguely about the hotel, and she asserts that she was there. He does not confront her about his suspicions that she is having an affair. At Richard's job, Colin is dying. Richard takes him out of hospital one last time to confront an unpleasant city planner with facts they intend to publish in their magazine. The two of them grill the planner, and Colin eats half a sandwich, offering the other half to Richard. They then offer it to the city planner who is terrified even to touch it because of Colin's illness. Richard is tormented by the fact that Natalie is keeping her distance from him, and becomes obsessed with seeing her. He arrives unexpectedly at Natalie and Sinclair's house, where he finds only Sinclair, who promptly whisks him off on a boat ride down the river. On the boat, Sinclair questions Richard on the subject of Natalie's affair. He does not yet suspect Richard, but does not believe that Richard doesn't know who it is. He ultimately respects Richard's decision not to reveal the person. On hearing that Sinclair and Natalie plan to move to America because of the recession, Richard loses his self-control completely. He has an emotional breakdown while talking to Natalie at a hotel, and later unsuccessfully attempts suicide by taking sleeping pills as Natalie arrives unexpectedly at his apartment. On the condition that he behave, Richard is invited to Natalie and Sinclair's going-away party. He attends with Jessica, but abandons her quickly in order to search for Natalie. Richard finds Natalie in a secluded area and pulls her further off the site, into the countryside. He grabs her angrily, and she tries to get away from him. After catching up with her, he tells her, I want to kill you. The two fight in the middle of a road, with Richard accusing Natalie of using him. He pulls her to safety when they are both nearly run over by a delivery truck. Natalie apologizes for using him, and tells him that she and Sinclair aren't leaving the country after all, but that they wanted to have the party anyway. They return to the gathering disheveled, and the guests leave. Sinclair appears, and staying calm, makes it clear that he knows what has happened, though he doesn't wish to hear the details, and that he forgives them. The three of them walk, together, into an autumn sunset by the river.
Conspiracy of Hearts	British	drama	Ralph Thomas	In 1943 Italy, some nuns protect Jewish children who have escaped from a concentration camp.
Boys in Brown	British	drama	Montgomery Tully	Teenager Jackie Knowles (Richard Attenborough) drives a getaway car in a robbery. He is captured and sentenced to serve three years in a borstal institution run by a sympathetic governor (Jack Warner). He befriends Alfie (Dirk Bogarde) and Bill (Jimmy Hanley).
Seepeeyan	Bollywood	drama	Akash Jain	Kalyani is a young beautiful woman who falls in love with a young man named Jeetu. Jeetu confesses his love for Kalyani and promises her to be always by her side. Kalyani and Jeetu make love to each other. After her mother's death, Kalyani proposes to Jeetu to get married. Jeetu declares that he is not willing to spend the rest of his life with Kalyani. Kalyani feels like she has been deceived and loses all the yearning for her life. She plunges into a river they were standing beside and is drifted to somewhere else where a man named Gokul finds her unconscious on the surface of the water. Gokul brings her to his home and cures her well. Kalyani gets married to Gokul. Eventually Jeetu comes to know that Kalyani has been married to a man of an inferior caste. Jeetu meets her and confesses that he is contrite for what he told her earlier and now he wants her back in his life. He also tries to persuade her that she cannot spend the rest of her life with a man like Gokul who belongs to an indigent lower caste. Gokul overhears what Jeetu says to Kalyani and he tries to insist her to get back to Jeetu. But she holds her ground firmly. She declares that she has fallen for Gokul and is not willing to leave him at any cost. Gokul is overjoyed to have heard this and they embrace each other.
Bleak Night	South_Korean	drama	Unknown	Still mystified by his son's death, the father (Jo Sung-ha) of high school student Ki-tae (Lee Je-hoon) tries to track down his two best friends, classmates Hee-joon (Park Jung-min) and Dong-yoon (Seo Jun-young), to try to find an explanation. Through Ki-tae's classmate Jae-ho, the father meets Hee-joon, who says he cannot help as he moved schools weeks before what happened to Ki-tae. Afterwards, Hee-joon berates Jae-ho for giving his phone number to Ki-tae's father but Jae-ho tells him that Ki-tae went crazy after he moved away. Hee-joon manages to trace Dong-yoon and urges him to contact Ki-tae's father and provide some answers. In parallel, flashbacks to the time gradually reveal what really happened, starting with Ki-tae's needling and bullying of Hee-joon and the latter's response.[5][6][7]
Rita, Sue and Bob Too	British	drama	Alan Clarke	Rita and Sue are two teenaged girls in their final year of school who live on a run down council estate in Bradford. To earn some money, they babysit for Bob and Michelle (Lesley Sharp), a better-off couple who live in a detached house in a nicer part of town. When the couple return later, Michelle pays the girls and tells Bob to give them a lift home. Bob, however, drives them to an out of the way place to have sex with each of them in the back of his car. They nonchalantly agree, and he and the girls plan to make it a regular thing. By the time they're finished, it's 2 a.m. Sue sneaks into her house hoping that everyone is in bed. However, her drunken father is waiting for her in the living room, holding a half a snooker cue, threatening to wrap it round [her] neck. Sue and her parents proceed to argue about why she's home so late, with her mother taking Sue's side. After her father gives up and goes to bed, Sue's mother asks for the truth, but Sue repeats the lie, to her mother's disappointment. Sue gets a part-time job at a local taxi firm, and meets Aslam (Kulvinder Ghir), a Pakistani boy who drives for the firm. He and another driver make a bet on who can get her into bed first. Sue rebuffs them. At school, Bob shows up at Rita and Sue's P.E. tennis class to take them for a jump (sex). Rita manages to get permission from the teacher to use the toilet (a ruse to see Bob); but Sue is denied and told to get back to the class. She takes her anger out on another student. Bob takes Rita to a furnished showhome on a new housing development, where they have sex. Later on, Michelle finds a package of condoms in Bob's trousers whilst ironing them. Bob tells her that he and his mates were blowing them up like balloons at the pub for fun, but Michelle doesn't believe him and they argue. During the argument, it is revealed that Michelle is reluctant to have sex, which frustrates Bob. It also turns out that Bob previously had an affair, discovered when Michelle found his mistress's bracelet in their bed; the mistress had also been their babysitter. Michelle goes upstairs to get ready for their planned night out, for which Rita and Sue are again babysitting. Bob warns the girls that Michelle is suspicious and will ask them questions and try to trick them. They convince Michelle that Bob isn't sleeping with either of them. After their night out, Bob and Michelle start arguing again, this time in front of Rita and Sue who desperately try not to laugh. Michelle takes her anger out on them and tells them to stop laughing. She then storms off to bed. Grumpily, Rita and Sue make their own way home, unhappy that Bob can't take them in his car and have sex with them again. That night, Michelle decides to let Bob have sex with her to stop him going off with other women, but it goes badly. The next day, on a school trip, Sue gets into a fight with a classmate who calls her a slag (British slang for a promiscuous woman) because she is rumoured to be seeing a married man. Later, Rita and Sue skip school to go and meet Bob, hoping to make up for the previous night, but Bob can't get an erection, embarrassing himself and leaving Rita and Sue unsatisfied. He takes them out to a club instead, where Michelle's best friend Mavis happens to be, and spots Bob with the girls. Bob warns the girls that Mavis will surely tell Michelle she saw them together. The next morning, Mavis rushes around to tell Michelle what she saw, and Michelle storms over to Rita's house in Mavis's car. Michelle drags Rita out of her house and into Mavis's car, and takes her to Sue's flat to confront them both, with Bob now in tow. Michelle, Bob, Rita, Sue, and Sue's parents have a big argument in front of all the neighbours, who are all having a good laugh over the spectacle. Michelle blames the girls for being slutty, but Sue retorts that the reason Bob cheats on her is because she doesn't have enough sex with him. Michelle turns on Bob, goes home, ransacks the house, and she and their children leave in a taxi, never to return. The next day, Sue goes to Rita's house to walk to school together. Rita tells her that she is no longer going to school, because they are due to leave school soon and Bob has asked her to move in with him. She also reveals that she is pregnant with Bob's child. When Bob arrives to take her away, Sue is enraged and tells them both to get lost. Sue dates Aslam as a rebound to get over Bob and Rita. They go to the cinema, and then off to a grassy hillside spot where they start kissing. Afterwards they go to Sue's flat where Aslam meets her parents. Her father comes home from the pub drunk and shouts racist comments at Aslam, causing Sue to leave home and move in with Aslam and his sister. Months later, Sue finds out that Rita has miscarried, and visits her in the hospital. On the way out, Bob approaches Sue and invites her for another escapade. Sue refuses, saying she's staying faithful to Aslam, whom she's now living with. After Bob drops Sue off at her house, Aslam attacks Sue, thinking that she was out having sex with Bob. Later at Bob's house, he and Rita are about to have sex, when Bob accidentally says Sue's name. Angry, Rita leaves to confront Sue. When she gets there, she finds Aslam attacking Sue. Defending her, Rita kicks him in the knees, and then Sue kicks him in his groin, disabling him enough for Sue and Rita to escape. They go back to Bob's house, where Rita tends to Sue's wounds, and Aslam shows up at Bob's door. They refuse to let him in, but Aslam tries to find a way to break in, all the while trying to convince Sue to come back to him. He almost gets in through the patio doors, but Rita runs and locks them. He tries to plead with Sue, threatening suicide if she doesn't come back. The situation is interrupted by the arrival of the police, having been called by a neighbour. Aslam then runs off with the police in pursuit. When Bob returns home, Rita tells him that she is letting Sue move in with them. They go upstairs and Bob goes to get a bath. When he goes into the bedroom he finds both girls semi-naked in his bed and the film ends with him diving onto the bed.
Selvi Boylum Al Yazmalım	Turkish	drama	Atıf Yılmaz	İlyas (Kadir İnanır) is a truck driver from İstanbul who comes to a remote village to work in the construction of a dam. When his truck gets stuck in the muddy dirt road, he comes across Asya (Türkan Şoray), a woman from the village who he nicknames Al Yazmalım ('red scarf'). They fall in love, get married and have a child called Samet. One day İlyas stops to help some stranded bystanders, but in doing so, he is delayed and ends up getting fired. When Asya goes to his boss and pleads for İlyas to be reinstated, İlyas is enraged and hits her, then leaves her to start an affair with his former casual girlfriend Dilek (Hülya Tuğlu). When İlyas realises his mistake, he goes back only to find that Asya and his child have left the house. Asya and Samet are wandering by the road when they hitchhike on the back of a truck with a kind stranger Cemşit (Ahmet Mekin). After Cemşit realises that Asya has nowhere to go, he takes pity on them and offers them food and shelter while İlyas searches desperately for them. Samet becomes increasingly fond of Cemşit and Asya begins to see that Samet thinks of him as a father. Then one day after many years, İlyas suddenly appears and Asya is left to make a choice between him and Cemşit.
A Simple Twist of Fate	American	drama	Gilles MacKinnon	When high school music teacher Michael McCann discovers his wife is pregnant by another man, he divorces her and retreats into a life of solitude as a maker of finely crafted furniture in rural Virginia. Five years later, his only companion is a valuable collection of gold coins. But his heart is hurt again when Tanny Newland, the unsavory younger brother of politician John Newland, crashes his brother's car in the woods surrounding Michael's house, seriously injuring the woman he is with. Afraid of being arrested for drunk driving, Tanny steals Michael's coins while he's sleeping, takes off into the night and is never seen again. Weeks later during a winter storm, Michael is startled to discover a toddler has wandered into his home while he was outside gathering wood. A short distance away he discovers the body of her mother, a heroin addict whose car had run out of gas nearby. Unbeknownst to him, the child is the illegitimate daughter of John Newland, who participates in the investigation but keeps his relationship to the child a secret in order to protect his career. Michael is permitted to adopt the child and christens her Mathilda. She proves to be a bit of a handful in her early years, but with the help of friend and local shopkeeper April Simon, Michael manages to raise her to be a bright, personable, precocious young lady, and the once sour, lonely man is transformed by her presence. As John Newland watches his daughter grow older, he begins to invite her to join him and wife Nancy in their home. John arranges for her to learn to ride a horse, eventually giving her one of her own. Due to Nancy's two miscarriages and the couple's deep desire to have a child, Nancy insists on adoption. John finally reveals Mathilda's true identity and his desire to adopt her properly. Nancy encourages him to gain custody of the girl, and a trial ensues. Although the lawyer tries to manipulate the court and Mathilda herself to see that the Newlands are the better parents, Mathilda herself still refuses and honestly prefers Michael. The judge is inclined to side with the Newlands, given their wealth and ability to provide Mathilda with advantages she never would have with Michael. Then the remains of Tanny Newland - surrounded by the gold coins he stole from Michael - are found at the bottom of the quarry his brother was draining to create a lake surrounded by real estate he planned to sell. Michael's sudden return to wealth - and the judge's realization that Newland's only legal argument has fallen apart - convinces him that Mathilda should remain with Michael, who loves her as a real father would love his daughter. The film ends with Michael taking Mathilda to visit her late mother's grave, in a remote potter's cemetery. She leaves a message for her mother, which ends the movie with the same emotion it began with; parents and children have a bond that transcends time.
Crimes at the Dark House	British	drama	George King	In this lurid melodrama Tod Slaughter plays a villain who murders the wealthy Sir Percival Glyde in the gold fields of Australia and assumes his identity in order to inherit his estate in England. On arriving in England he schemes to marry an heiress for her money and, with the connivance of the enigmatic Count Fosco, embarks on a killing spree of all who suspect him to be an imposter and get in the way of his plans to be the Lord the Manor.
Man of Flowers	Australian	drama	Paul Cox	Charles Bremer (Norman Kaye) is a wealthy, reclusive man. He finds erotic satisfaction in the beauty of art, flowers, and a young woman (Alyson Best), who undresses for him. During the undressings he listens to operatic music such as Donizetti's Lucia di Lammermoor.[3] Throughout the film, he reads letters he has sent to his mother. His mother had long since died, and the letters, it is later revealed, are addressed to himself.
Woman Sesame Oil Maker	Chinese	drama	Xie Fei	Illiterate villager Second Sister Xiang (Siqin Gaowa) was sold as a tongyangxi (child bride) to her present husband, a man with a lame leg, when she was seven. She has an intellectually disabled son Dunzi, who suffers from epileptic fits and is now grown up, and a younger daughter Zhi'er. Through her diligence she has started a successful sesame oil mill and now becomes the richest person in her village. A Japanese businesswoman decides to invest in her business after visiting her mill. Meanwhile, Sister Xiang tries to find a bride for her son. She engineers her son's marriage with Huanhuan (Wu Yujuan), a peasant girl whose family is in dire financial straits. One night, Dunzi nearly strangles Huanhuan to death during a fit. Huanhuan runs back home, but her mother-in-law makes sure she returns. Huanhuan witnesses her drunk father-in-law beating Sister Xiang in bed. She also chances on Sister Xiang in an adulterous affair with family friend Ren, who fathered her daughter Zhi'er. Ren later initiates a break-up with Sister Xiang. Sister Xiang falls ill. She is heartbroken, despite her sesame oil being awarded top prize by the provincial government. Sister Xiang gradually realizes that Huanhuan, like her, suffers as a kindred spirit. She decides to release Huanhuan by asking Huanhuan to go for a divorce. But Huanhuan states that her life is already ruined. She then breaks down.
Neel Kamal	Bollywood	drama	Kidar Sharma	Set in the royal court of Janakgarh, the film opens with the palace coup led by the villainous Mangal Singh against his sister's husband, the king of Janakgarh, Maharana Pragat Singh. The mortally wounded king escapes from the palace with his queen and their two daughters. They take shelter in a temple disguised as ordinary citizens. The older princess ventures out on her horse disguised as a young boy to get help from her uncle, the king's brother Maharana Kharak Singh who rules another state. She succeeds in escaping treacherous attacks by Mangal Singh's men on her way. In the meanwhile Mangal Singh learns the whereabouts of the king. He goes to the temple and kills the king, Maharana Pragat Singh and the queen, his sister. His soldiers inform him that the two princesses were killed on their way to get help from their uncle. The youngest princess Kamal who was present in the temple with her parents is a toddler and escapes the villainy of Mangal Singh by walking out of the temple alone. She is found by an untouchable man who brings her home and adopts her as his daughter despite his wife's (Begam Para) objections. She is named Ganga. In the meanwhile, the older princess is helped by her uncle, Maharana Kharak Singh who raids Janakgarh, kills the villainous Mangal Singh and appoints the princes to rule the kingodom of Janakgarh until her father, Maharana Pragat Singh is found. One day while helping her father clean the city premises outside a temple, little Ganga(princess Kamal), enters the inner chamber of the temple and incurs the priest's wrath for breaking the rule that untouchables can not enter temples. The childless couple leaves Janakgarh after running into trouble with the priest and raise Ganga in a nearby town while the older princess rules over Janakgarh. In their newly adopted town - Ganga's adoptive parents do not tell anyone about their social status of untouchables nor engage in their low caste work of public cleaning. They make a living by doing labor jobs. Ganga is cherished by her adoptive father but his wife remains negative towards her. Teenager Ganaga(Madhu Bala) meets and falls in love with Madhu Sudan (Raj Kapoor)a rich but skeptical artist from Janakgarh who is in town to carve stone artifacts in a temple site. Having lost his parents, he lives in a mansion in Janakgarh with guru ji, his mentor, spiritual guide and the teacher who taught him sculpting. While working, Madhu Sudan slips and falls down from the upper level of his work site one day. Ganga and her father bring him home and the family looks after him until he recovers from his injuries. Ganga's simplicity and doting love both worry and overwhelm Madhu Sudan who tells her the harder I close the doors of my heart, the louder you knock .. However, he allows her to follow him to Janakagarh along with her parents since he feels obligated to help the family for their hospitality. He employs the family as laborers in his art workshop in Janakgarh. The princess ruling Janakgarh, appoints Madhu Sudan to make stone artifacts for the palace including her own image in stone. Soon, she develops a liking for the rakish artist as well. Realizing that Madhu Sudan is spending most of his time in the palace, Ganga goes to the palace with her friend, dressed as a princess and tells Madhu Sudan to explain his work to her. Madhu Sudan reprimands her for the childish prank. However, he does explain that his artifacts depict life and death. Life as a ruthless, cruel and double faced creature and death as a loving and beautiful mother. Ganga listens to him, feeling enchanted while Madhu Sudan's mentor, the guru ji watches in amusement. Just then, the princess arrives at the scene, sees Ganga impersonating her. Feeling indignant she orders that both girls be arrested and whipped. Madhu Sudan implores with the princess but Ganga and her friend are lashed before they are able to leave the prison. Soon, the princess begins to express her views and her love to a fascinated Madhu Sudan. As he begins to warm up to the princess, Madhu Sudan's mentor warns him that Ganga's innocent love represents the soul, the creativity; whereas the princess's love represents the common and mundane desire/passion which will ultimately scuffle his creativity. Pleased and gratified with his spiritual mentor's counsel, Madhu Sudan goes and tells Ganga that he will soon have his guide talk to her father and that they will then get engaged. He promises her that he will take her to the temple to fulfill her cherished desire of going inside the temple, which Ganga had expressed in the past, only to be forbidden by her father to do so. When Ganga's adoptive mother hears that Madhu Sudan is ready to marry Ganga, she reprimands Ganga for being selfish. She reveals to her that they are untouchables and that Ganga's lineage was unknown - which would make it impossible for her to marry an upper caste Madhu Sudan. Heart broken by the revelation that she could never marry her love, Ganga quietly goes to the pond, jumps into it and dies while her mother watches from a distance. In the meanwhile, Madhu Sudan brushes aside the princess's objections to his decision to choose Ganga over her. Enraged, the princess breaks the artifacts built by him. Madhu Sudan remains undeterred and leaves the palace. Ganga is found to be missing and Madhu Sudan, Ganga's father and some other men frantically look for her. They call out her name by the pond. A maid tells a distraught princess that her little sister has been found. She gets up and quickly goes to meet her sister but soon returns saying angrily that those people were lying and trying to deceive her to gain wealth and that her little sister Kamal had a special circular mark/formation on the palm of her right hand. This was not known to anyone until this time. Since Ganga had such a mark on her right hand the rumor goes around that Ganga was the younger princess. The Princess announces a large reward for whoever will find Ganga. Ganga's mother brings her dead body out of the pond and asks the princess to give her the reward. The princess cries in deep remorse. Neel Kamal - The blue lotus A few days later a blue lotus (neel kamal) is seen growing in the pond at the spot where Ganga's body was found. Madhu Sudan sees this. Surprised, he exclaims that a rare and his favorite variety of lotus has suddenly grown in the pond that never had lotus flowers growing in it. He wanted lotus flowers to grow in the pond and had even tried to install a blue lotus flower carved from stone in the pond one day while Ganga- princess Kamal watched him. His mentor had talked him out of the idea of installing stone flower/s in the pond. Madhu Sudan feels that Ganga has fulfilled his heart's wish by taking the form of the beautiful blue lotus flower in the pond. To honor and reciprocate her love, he decides to fulfill Ganga's wish of going into the temple with him - He carries the blue lotus flower into the temple and offers it to the gods. Putting his skepticism aside Madhu Sudan humbly says to the god that he never thought he would have to come to his temple for such a tragic reason. Madhu Sudan then lays the beautiful flower at the feet of the god.
Majboor	Bollywood	drama	Ravi Tandon	Ravi Khanna (Amitabh Bachchan) lives happily with his widowed mother, wheelchair-bound sister (Farida Jalal) and younger brother. He suffers from a terminal brain tumor, and has only 6 months to live. In an effort to provide for his family, he takes the responsibility of a murder that he has not committed to collect the ransom money of Rs. 5,00,000. He leaves a trail for the police to follow and he is convicted. While in prison, he gets an attack and the jail authorities take him to the hospital where he undergoes a successful operation. Now, he is a confessed criminal for abduction, ransom and murder, which he planted on himself. In order to save himself from the death penalty, he runs away from the hospital in search of the real murderer. He gets help from a thief named Michael D'Souza (Pran). After many twists and turns, the plot unfolds, where the true identity of the criminal is revealed. Ravi Khanna then becomes a free man.
Maa	Bollywood	drama	Ajay Kashyap	Ram Khanna is a wealthy industrialist with a trusting soul. Unknown to him, his elder brother Murli Manohar and his sister-in-law Maya are after his money. Their greed gets the better of them and they make an astrologer lie to him that a woman whose name starts with letter M will enter his life. As luck would have it, Ram spots a dancer named Mamta and is instantly smitten by her. What Ram doesn't know is that Mamta is the daughter of Heerabai, a prostitute. Ram learns Mamta's truth, but is also convinced that Mamta's roots do not make her a bad person. Ram decides to marry Mamta, much to the chagrin of Murli and Maya. Ram weds Mamta and brings her home, where she slowly realizes the true nature of Murli and Maya, upon which Mamta takes control of Ram's life to thwart the duo. Later, Mamta gives birth to a baby boy, which makes the villains even more desperate. One day, Ram gives Mamta a suitcase full of cash before leaving the town. Taking advantage of the situation, Murli and Maya hire a goon named Gullu Goli to kill Mamta. Gullu sees that Mamta and her son Munna are alone in the home. He tricks her out of the house and traps her. After brutally killing Mamta, Gullu hides her body in a secret location and steals the money. However, Mamta's ghost comes back, bent on revenge. Mamta soon finds out that Murli and Maya have taken control back in their hands. Everybody believes that Mamta fled with the money, abandoning her son and husband. Ram is unable to believe that Mamta could do this and drowns his sorrow in alcohol. Mamta is disheartened to see that Munna is the one who is suffering most. Only Dobby, the pet dog, is able to see Mamta, who is powerless. Despite being powerless, Mamta tries to do what she can. One day Gullu Goli comes to Mamta's house. Mamta knows true nature of Murli and Maya. Gullu Goli creates the idea that they must kill Munna by soaking him in the sun. While Mamta sends Dobby to save Munna, Dobby breaks out of an iron gate that he was caged in and saves Munna. Mamta tells Dobby the truth of Murli and Maya's evil idea. Dobby then goes to attack Murli and Maya. One day Murli tells Ram to go to Puna with Mona, Ram agrees and goes with Mona. Murli plans to kill Munna by starving him for 12 hours. Mamta's ghost wants to touch him, but she is unable. As Munna cries from hunger, Mamta goes to Mandia, where she is blessed with the power to touch everything and then saves Munna. Murli and Maya realize that Mamta's ghost is here. With the help of a Kaapalik (black magic practitioner), they trap Mamta. Happy that they are finally about to get what they sought out to get, the villains unwittingly spill all the beans in front of Ram and Mona. Now, it is revealed that Mona is actually an undercover cop brought to investigate the case. Mona explains that Mamta's sudden disappearance was found suspicious, which is why Mona went undercover and forged the friendship with the villains. It is also explained that Mona had already explained this to Ram, who was playing along. An enraged Ram attacks Murli, but the villains take him, Mona and Munna as prisoners. Ram is forced to sign over his property to Murli and Maya or Munna will be killed. Here, Mamta is helplessly watching the drama, unable to escape the trap set by the Kapalik. She makes the Kapalik realize what he is doing. The Kapalik sets her free and grants her power to avenge the wrongs. Here, the villains are about to kill Ram, Mona, and Munna, when Mamta appears and stops them. Realizing what has happened, the goons try to flee, but Mamta takes her revenge. Ram, who is still unable to see her, tries to talk to her. The Kapalik arrives on the scene and gives Ram the ability to see Mamta. Ram is happy to see her if only for one last time. He proclaims his love for her. Mamta too tells him that she knows everything and tells him to take care of Munna. With her purpose achieved, Mamta's soul is finally set free and she vanishes.
I Hired a Contract Killer	British	drama	Aki Kaurismäki	Henri Boulanger (Léaud), a French man living in London, is laid-off from his job after fifteen years of service. He tries to commit suicide but because he continuously fails, decides to hire a hitman (Kenneth Colley) to finish the job. After making the contract he meets Margaret (Margi Clarke) and finds new meaning to life, however, he is unable to call off the hitman.
Leaving Normal	American	drama	Edward Zwick	Darly Peters (Christine Lahti) is a brassy waitress and former stripper who used to use the stage name Pillow Talk. Darly is on her way to Alaska to claim a home being built for her and return to the family she abandoned eighteen years earlier. She meets Marianne Johnson (Meg Tilly), a quiet waif who just walked out on her abusive husband. Darly allows Marianne to tag along as they journey across country to Alaska. Along the way, they meet a collection of colorful characters, including a strange-talking waitress named 66 (Patrika Darbo), and Walt (James Gammon), a road guy who recognizes Darly as the former Pillow Talk and wants to pay her big money for sex. The women finally make it to Alaska, where Darly finds that the house she was expecting to find has never been built. The two set up in a house trailer and, with the Alaskan wilderness as a backdrop, they begin to reevaluate their lives.
Elar Char Adhyay	Bengali	drama	Bappaditya Bandopadhyay	The film is set in India under British Raj in 1940s. Indranath is a leader of a group which is fighting for Indian independence. Ela is the teacher of the group. Ela is caught in a dilemma between her love for Atindra and her commitment towards her country.[1]
Dead Man Walking	American	drama	Tim Robbins	Matthew Poncelet has been in prison for six years, awaiting his execution after being sentenced to death for killing a teenage couple. Poncelet, held in the Louisiana State Penitentiary, committed the crimes with a man named Carl Vitello, who was sentenced to life imprisonment. As the day of his execution comes closer, Poncelet asks Sister Helen, with whom he has corresponded, to help him with a final appeal. She decides to visit him. He is arrogant, sexist, and racist, not even pretending to feel any kind of remorse. He affirms his innocence, insisting Vitello killed the two teenagers. Convincing an experienced attorney to take on Poncelet's case pro bono, Sister Helen tries to have his sentence commuted to life imprisonment. After many visits, she establishes a special relationship with him. At the same time, she gets to know Poncelet’s mother, Lucille, and the families of the two victims. The families do not understand Sister Helen's efforts to help Poncelet, claiming she is taking his side. Instead they desire absolute justice—his life for the lives of their children. Sister Helen’s application for a pardon is declined. Poncelet asks Sister Helen to be his spiritual adviser through the day of execution, and she agrees. Sister Helen tells Poncelet that his redemption is possible only if he takes responsibility for what he did. Just before he is taken from his cell, Poncelet admits to Sister Helen that he killed the boy and raped the girl. As he is prepared for execution, he appeals to the boy's father for forgiveness and tells the girl's parents he hopes his death brings them peace. Poncelet is executed by lethal injection and later given a proper burial. The murdered boy's father attends the ceremony still filled with hate, but shortly after begins to pray with Sister Helen, ending the film.
Grand Canyon	American	drama	Lawrence Kasdan	After attending a Lakers basketball game, an immigration lawyer named Mack (Kevin Kline) finds himself at the mercy of potential muggers when his car breaks down in a bad part of Los Angeles late at night. The muggers are talked out of their plans by Simon (Danny Glover), a tow truck driver who arrives just in time. Mack sets out to befriend Simon, despite their having nothing in common. In the meantime, Mack's wife Claire (Mary McDonnell) and his best friend Davis (Steve Martin), a producer of violent action films, are experiencing life-changing events. Claire encounters an abandoned baby while jogging and becomes determined to adopt her. Davis suddenly becomes interested in philosophy rather than box-office profits after being shot in the leg by a man trying to steal his watch, vowing to devote the remainder of his career to eliminating violence from the cinema. The film chronicles how these characters—as well as various acquaintances, co-workers and relatives—are affected by their interactions in the light of life-changing events. In the end, they visit the Grand Canyon on a shared vacation trip, united in a place that is philosophically and actually bigger than all their little separate lives.
The Very Edge	British	drama	Cyril Frankel	Happily married couple Tracey (Anne Heywood) and architect Geofrey (Richard Todd) are expecting their first child, when one fateful day a maniac (Jeremy Brett) breaks into their home and rapes Tracey, causing her subsequent miscarriage. Unable to cope with life after the attack, Tracey starts to find all men alienating and repulsive, including her husband. Her trauma does not heal easily, and sooner rather than later, Geoffrey starts an affair with his secretary. In the meantime, Scotland Yard detective McInnes (Jack Hedley) has been unable to find the psychopath responsible for the assault, and Tracey's safety is still in question.
Annie's Coming Out	Australian	drama	Gil Brealey	Annie O'Farrell (based on Anne McDonald) is a 13-year-old girl with cerebral palsy who is unable to communicate and has been living in a government institution from an early age. Jessica Hathaway (based on Rosemary Crossley) is a therapist who learns to communicate with Annie using an alphabet board and comes to believe that although physically disabled, Annie is not intellectually impaired. When Annie turns 18, Jessica begins a legal fight to get her released.[2][3]
Koyla	Bollywood	drama	Rakesh Roshan	Shankar (Shahrukh Khan) is a handsome mute man, raised by the powerful Raja (Amrish Puri), to whom he is completely loyal. However, Raja treats him like a slave. He is also tormented and unnecessarily beaten by Raja's younger brother Brijwa, a sadistic and violent psychopath. The elderly Raja is a ruthless and cruel man with a large appetite for young women who kills anyone who dares to defy him, however lately he has proven to be unable to perform in the bedroom and continues to fall asleep as he is bored of his beautiful secretary Bindiya, who lusts after Shankar. His doctor suggests a younger woman, who may be able to satisfy him. One day Raja sees Gauri (Madhuri Dixit), a happy young innocent village girl, and begins to dream about her and wishes to marry her, however, despite her greedy aunt and uncle wanting her to marry Raja, Gauri wants to see a picture of her future husband first. Aware that Gauri would instantly reject the elderly Raja, he sends her a photo of Shankar. Gauri instantly falls in love with him and the wedding proceeds. However, before the ceremony is completed, she discovers that it's not Shankar whom she is marrying and faints; Raja orders the priest to continue with the ceremony, even though the marriage would be invalid while Gauri is unconscious. When Gauri regains consciousness, she discovers Raja trying to consummate with her and learns they're married, which shocks her. She refuses to submit herself to him by attempting suicide, so he imprisons and tortures her. One night Gauri tries to commit suicide, however Shankar and his friend save her and she finally meets Shankar. She slaps and accuses him of ruining her life. however. Shankar's friend reveals that Shankar was innocent in this whole affair, a shocked Gauri tries to apologise, but Shankar leaves before she can. One night, Bindya (Deepshika) is frustrated by Raja's inability to perform and goes to Shankar, but instead finds Raja's brother Brijwa waiting for her. He attempts to rape her, but Shankar stops him. Not being able to proceed thrashing his master's brother, he takes a beating and gets framed for attempting to rape Bindya by Brijwa and is badly beaten by Raja. Bindya confesses that she went to Shankar and is then sent to a brothel controlled by Chandi Bai (Himani Shivpuri) as punishment by Raja. When Gauri's brother Ashok (Mohnish Behl) comes to see her, Raja forces her to lie to him which she does and says that she is happy as Raja threatens to kill him if she refuses, however Shankar reveals the truth to him and Raja kills him when he comes to rescue her. Moments before he dies, Ashok makes Shankar promise him to save his sister; Shankar and Gauri flee Raja's mansion. An enraged Raja begins a murderous search to find Gauri and Shankar, however, after a long chase through the mountains and jungle, Shankar uses the survival skills he learned as Raja's servant to kill Raja's men, Raja and his men leave due to being disadvantaged. During that time, Gauri and Shankar begin to fall in love. But unexpectedly, Raja, who has returned with reinforcements, sees Shankar and Gauri near a waterfall and manage to capture them by shooting Gauri in the arm. Shankar is brutally beaten by Brijwa and the corrupt DIG (Pradeep Rawat) and Raja slit his throat, then leave him to die in the mountains; Gauri is sold to a brothel. There, Bindya saves Gauri from what had been done to her, and in the process she eventually gets killed by Brijwa. Shankar is found and saved by a healer, who operates on his throat while he is still unconscious. The healer, who discovers that Shankar is not mute by birth, is able to repair some of the damaged nerves in Shankar's throat, enabling him to speak. Shankar recalls that when he was a boy, his father discovered diamonds in the coal mine, however he and his wife were murdered in front of Shankar by two mysterious men; when young Shankar threatened to tell everyone what they did, someone came up from behind him and shoved hot coals into his throat, rendering him mute. Shankar recovers and returns, first he kills Brijwa and is reunited with Gauri after rescuing her from the same men that killed his parents, and bought Gauri. Shankar, in the process, discovers that Raja was the person who made him mute and who ordered his parents to be killed so he could steal their wealth. He kills Raja's two henchmen and the DIG, then finally manages to corner Raja, who finally apologizes to Shankar for his wrongdoings to him, but Shankar disregards this and kills him by setting him on fire. At last, Shankar and Gauri embrace each other, finally at peace.
 Better Than Sex	Australian	drama	Jonathan Teplitzky	Josh and Cin meet at a party in Sydney three days before he is due to return to London. Originally planning just to spend the night, Josh decides to stay at her flat until he has to leave for the airport. The two gradually grow closer, feeling a strong connection. However, when Cin's friend Sam comes over and flirts with Josh, they end up quarreling and he leaves. Once Josh cools down he relents and returns to Cin. Having both agreed that they were just having fun, he leaves to catch his plane the next day. At the last minute, he decides not to go and returns to Cin's flat only to find that she has followed him to London, not knowing he missed the flight. Josh can not find a flight for three days, but once he reaches London they are reunited and Cin decides to move there to be with him.
Drowning by Numbers	British	drama	Peter Greenaway	The film's plot centres on three married women — a grandmother, her daughter, and her niece — each named Cissie Colpitts. As the story progresses, each woman successively drowns her husband. The three Cissie Colpittses are played by Joan Plowright, Juliet Stevenson and Joely Richardson, while Bernard Hill plays the coroner, Madgett, who is cajoled into covering up the three crimes. The structure, with similar stories repeated three times, is reminiscent of a fairy tale, most specifically 'The Billy Goats Gruff', because Madgett is constantly promised greater rewards as he tries his luck with each of the Cissies in turn. The link to folklore is further established by Madgett's son Smut, who recites the rules of various unusual games played by the characters as if they were ancient traditions. Many of these games are invented for the film, including: In Drowning by Numbers, number-counting, the rules of games and the repetitions of the plot are all devices which emphasise structure and symmetry. Through the course of the film each of the numbers 1 to 100 appear, the large majority in sequence, often seen in the background, sometimes spoken by the characters.[3] The film is set and was shot in and around Southwold, Suffolk, England, with key landmarks such as the Victorian water tower, Southwold Lighthouse, and the estuary of the River Blyth clearly identifiable.
The House Across the Lake	British	drama	Ken Hughes	An American pulp novelist, Mark Kendrick (Nicol), meets his rich neighbours across the lake and is soon seduced by beautiful blonde Carol (Brooke), the wife of Beverly Forrest (James), despite Beverly treating him as a friend. When Beverly is badly injured by a fall on his boat, Carol fails to persuade Mark to throw him overboard, so Carol does it. After first refusing to go along with her plan to call it an accident, Mark agrees when Carol tells him that they will meet up again later and live off her dead husband's money. However, after the coroner rules the death an accident, Mark does not hear from her, but the still suspicious CID inspector on the case arranges for Mark to find out that Carol has secretly married another old flame and changed residences. Mark angrily confronts her, but she sneers that she only used him and that there is nothing he can do about it without implicating himself. Mark decides to confess, thinking that, although it will probably mean a prison sentence for him, it will mean the rope for Carol.
Waiting to Exhale	American	drama	Forest Whitaker	Friends are the People who let you be yourself—and Never let you forget it Waiting to Exhale is a story about four African-American women—Savannah, Robin, Bernadine, and Gloria—who go through different stages of love and life. Savannah ’Vannah Jackson is a successful television producer who holds on to the belief that one day her married lover will leave his wife for her. She later comes to find that he will never leave his wife and she must find her own man who will love her for her and for who she is. Bernadine Bernie Harris abandons her own career dreams and desire of having a catering business to raise a family and support her husband, who leaves her for a white woman. Robin Stokes is a high-powered executive and the long-time mistress of married Russell. She has problems finding a decent man of her own after dumping him. Gloria Glo Matthews is a beauty salon owner and single mother. After years alone, and finding out that her ex-husband, who is also the father of her son, has come out of the closet as gay, she falls in love with a new neighbor, Marvin King. The four friends get together to provide support, listen to each other vent about life and love, and have fun, as they go through life's trials and tribulations. Savannah ends up dumping her married lover for good. Bernadine gets a large divorce settlement from her ex-husband and finds love with a widowed father who is a civil rights attorney. He encourages Bernie to pursue her catering dreams. Robin ends up pregnant by her married lover, but dumps him and decides to raise the baby on her own. Gloria learns to not be so overprotective of her son, and lets him go on an Up With People trip to Spain. She apologizes to her neighbor for snapping at him when he suggested that she should let her son grow up and experience the world, and she finds love while learning to take care of herself rather than being overly self-sacrificing in her devotion to her son and her business.
Suhana Safar	Bollywood	drama	Vijay	Sapna (Sharmila Tagore), flying back to India from the USA is involved in an airplane engine flameout. She loves poetry, in particular the work of a poet called Ujjwala. Unable to distinguish between the poet and the poetry, she sets out on a journey to meet the poet in a place called Phulwari. Sapna believes that Ujjwala is her dream man. Her wealthy father, worried by her distraction consults a psychiatrist who pronounces that Sapna needs treatment and must be sent to his clinic for an extended period of time. Running away from home, in a beautiful red MG TF (probably a 1954 model) she comes across Sunil (Shashi Kapoor) working on his Jeep (one of the early right-hand drive versions that Mahindras produced). A couple of accidents later they find themselves in a luxurious Mercedes Benz tour coach (possibly an O 321 H - with a rear engine) and their journey of exploration begins. Faced with obstacles, raised by greedy people who want to get the informant's reward announced by Sapna's father Randhir Singh Chauhan; and going through some comic as well as dangerous interludes the screen couple arrive at the climax on their way to Phulwari. Sunil is doing his best to escort Sapna to Phulwari. How Sapna reconciles her love for Ujjwala, who she has only met through his poetry and Sunil's unreciprocated love for her makes for an interesting denouement.
A Lingering Face	Chinese	drama	Lu Xuechang	A Lingering Face follows an everyman named Lei Haiyang (Pan Yueming), who has recently broken up with his girlfriend. Deciding to go to Beijing, he hitches a ride with a driver (Ma Xiaoqing) and a fellow hitchhiker, Yanzi (Li Min). Waking up from a nap, Haiyang finds the truck parked in the woods and the driver raping Yanzi. Hiding in the undergrowth, Yanzi sees Haiyang (the titular lingering face), but does not reveal his hiding position. Terrified, Haiyang runs away. In Beijing, Haiyang sees a news report of a female corpse found in the woods. Later, while walking in the streets, Haiyang chances upon a woman who looks exactly like Yanzi. She denies it, but the two embark on a friendship which blossoms into romance. Soon, Haiyang will discover what happened on that curious summer day.[2]
Magenta	American	drama	Gregory Haynes	Michael Walsh, a husband and father, falls for a girl named Magenta. The difficulty is that Magenta is his wife's underaged sister. Magenta is persistent in pursuing Michael, though, and this provides the drama in the story.
I'm Not Rappaport	American	drama	Herb Gardner	Inspired by two elderly men Gardner met in New York City's Central Park, the play focuses on Nat Moyer, a feisty Jew, and Midge Carter, a cantankerous African-American, who spend their days sitting on a bench. They both mask the realities of aging, sharing tall tales that Nat spins. The play touches on several issues, including society's treatment of the aging, the difficulties dealing with adult children who think they know what's best for their parents, and the dangers that lurk in urban areas. Its title comes from an old vaudeville joke, a variation of which evolved into dialogue between the two protagonists:
The Fabulous Baker Boys	American	drama	Steven Kloves	The Fabulous Baker Boys, Jack (Jeff Bridges) and Frank (Beau Bridges), are brothers living in Seattle, making a living playing in lounges and music bars, their gimmick being that they play intricate jazz and pop-flavored duets on matching grand pianos. Frank handles the business aspect while Jack, single, attractive, and more talented as a player, feels disillusioned and bored with the often hackneyed material they play. He is, nonetheless, able to live a comfortable and responsibility-free existence because of Frank's management, sleeping where and with whom he pleases. Frank has a wife and family he adores, but Jack has no personal connections in his private life, other than Eddie, his soulful but aging Black Labrador, and Nina, the lonely child of a single mom living in his building, who walks Eddie and takes piano lessons from Jack. In all other respects, professionally and personally, Jack's life is a series of empty one-night stands. Now and again, he plays the challenging music he really cares about at a local jazz club. Concerned over the way they keep losing gigs, the Baker Boys hold auditions for a female singer to join the outfit, ending up with the beautiful but eccentric Susie Diamond (Michelle Pfeiffer), a former escort with unusual charisma, a sultry singing voice, and emotional baggage she keeps well hidden most of the time. She's late for the audition, cockily irreverent of their professional reputation, and ticks Frank off by saying she's got an intuition he'll hire her anyway—but overcomes his reservations with her impassioned performance of More Than You Know, with Jack accompanying her, clearly more impressed with Susie's singing (and Susie herself) than he wants to admit. After a rocky start, the new act becomes unexpectedly successful, leading to bigger gigs and better money, but Frank is worried that Jack will ruin it by sleeping with Susie, having noted the growing attraction between the two, and being all too well aware of his brother's effect on the opposite sex. Jack and Susie circle each other warily from gig to gig, neither wanting to make the first move. In the meantime, the normally cool and emotionally distant Jack has a stark revelation of how fragile his world really is when Eddie has to spend the night at an animal hospital. He needs to have several teeth removed, a procedure that could easily kill the elderly dog, who is, Jack suddenly realizes, his only real friend in the world. The now sought-after trio (and Eddie, still recovering from surgery) head out of town to play an extended engagement at a grand old-style hotel. Frank has to leave suddenly, when one of his kids has a minor accident. Without him to act as chaperone, Susie and Jack give in to their feelings after playing a sizzling duet of Makin' Whoopee at the hotel's New Year's Eve celebration. Before they have sex, Susie opens up to Jack about her past at the escort service, having sex with clients simply because they were nice to her. She tries to tell him how good a player he is, but he's unwilling to admit his regrets to her. The romance is uneasy and off-kilter from the start, and it doesn't last long. Back in Seattle, there is increasing tension within the act, as Frank senses what has happened between Jack and Susie, and both of them begin to rebel against Frank's creative control, which has them performing crowd-pleasers like Feelings every night, instead of the jazz standards they prefer. After she spends the night with Jack at his apartment (leading to an embarrassing encounter with Nina), Susie reveals that she got a lucrative offer from a catfood conventioneer at the hotel to sing jingles for TV, which would mean leaving The Baker Boys. She later takes the job when Jack, wounded she'd even consider going (and thinking about the conventioneers she used to know as an escort), refuses to admit how he feels about her, and acts as if her departure is no big deal. As a parting shot, she tells him he's selling himself on the cheap as much as she ever did as an escort, by working a cheesy lounge act instead of developing his talent as a serious jazz musician. Jack and Frank quarrel over Susie's departure and the increasingly embarrassing gigs Frank has been landing them, and they get into a fight, with Jack nearly breaking Frank's fingers in frustrated rage, then storming off saying he can't pretend anymore. Jack later blows up at Nina, driving her away—but goes after her to apologize—and learns that she's getting a new stepdad, so he won't be such a big part of her life anymore. Now ready to pursue the solo career his loyalty to Frank and delayed maturity had kept on the back burner, Jack goes to Frank's house to mend fences. The brothers finally let each other know how much they care about each other, now that they don't have to work together. Frank accepts Jack's decision to go his own way, and says he'll switch to giving piano lessons at home—in his mind, he was simply helping his brother lead the carefree swinging single life that he secretly envied, and had thought Jack wanted. They reminisce happily about the early days of their act, and play a riotous chorus of You're Sixteen, knowing now that their connection is unbreakable, no matter what happens. Jack goes to see Susie, who is not enjoying the jingle business much, to let her know he's sorry about the way he behaved, and to subtly but unmistakably communicate that he wants to try again with her. She isn't ready to give him another chance yet, but they part as friends, and Jack tells her he's got an intuition they'll see each other again, echoing her earlier prediction that the brothers would hire her for the act. She walks off to her job, with him watching until she's nearly out of sight. As the credits roll, the soundtrack plays Michelle Pfeiffer and Dave Grusin's interpretation of My Funny Valentine.
A Touch of Love	British	drama	Waris Hussein	Rosamund Stacey (Sandy Dennis), a young 'bookish' girl in London society, spends her days studying for a doctorate in the British Museum and her nights avoiding the sexual attention of the men in her life. But one day, all that changes. Through a friend, she is introduced to rising TV newsreader/announcer George Matthews (Ian McKellen) and after a further chance meeting and a tumble on the sofa, she finds herself pregnant from her first sexual encounter. After a failed attempt at self-induced abortion, Rosamund resolves to have the child, leaving her on a solitary and at times discouraging path through pregnancy and into single motherhood, aided only by her close friend Lydia (Eleanor Bron).
Electric Shadows	Chinese	drama	Xiao Jiang	Mao Xiaobing (Xia Yu), a water bottle delivery boy in Beijing, loves to watch movies. One day, however, while riding his bike, he is attacked by Ling-Ling (Qi Zhongyang), a disturbed young woman, that lands him in the hospital. Ling-Ling is promptly arrested, but refuses to say why she attacked Mao Xiaobing, asking him only to feed her fish. Upon entering her apartment, however, Mao Xiaobing finds that Ling-Ling has created a veritable shrine to the 1930s film star, Zhou Xuan. When he stumbles upon her diary and begins reading, the film flashes back to Ling-Ling's mother as a young woman in Ningxia. Her mother had been working in radio when she became pregnant and subsequently abandoned by her lover. Branded a counter-revolutionary, she travels to the countryside where she befriends Pan, a movie-projectionist where the two eventually marry. Ling-Ling meanwhile, thinks that her real father is a movie star of Zhou Xuan's era. Mao Xiaobing had been hit by his father, and so Ling-Ling's mother took care of him for some days. When Ling-Ling's mother and Pan marry, Mao Xiaobing had been sent away to live with relatives by his father because Mao had been a troublemaker. Ling-Ling later recalls the time they were apart as miserable, saying also that the arrival of her younger brother was disgusting. Despite that, it is later revealed that Ling-Ling learns to accept her younger brother, but the acceptance is short lived. Mao Xiaobing later realizes that she has been watching over her parents, and after tracking down the old couple, he asks why Ling-Ling is now deaf. Recalling the events, Pan explains that Bing-Bing (Ling-Ling's younger brother) had lied to their mother to get Ling-Ling out of the house. Both of them then went up to the rooftop where she and Mao Xiaobing would watch the movies through his binoculars. After saying she would leave, Bing-Bing begs her not to leave, but then falls to the ground. Pan then hits Ling-Ling for her brother's death, leaving her deaf in both ears. The event severely traumatizes Ling-Ling, and she runs away not too long after. Living alone for so long in the city, she looks around and finds both her parents have moved to the same place, not too far from where she lives now. She finds a puppy and decides to name it after Bing Bing, but she leaves the puppy with her parents to help ease their loneliness. When Mao Xiaobing had accidentally knocked over a pile of bricks, consequently killing the puppy, it triggered Ling-Ling's memories of losing her brother; hence she attacked Mao Xiaobing. Finding out where the mental institution is, Mao Xiaobing pays Ling-Ling a visit. He reveals his identity by giving back her film strip, and she is reunited with her parents watching an old movie on the same screen she grew up watching.
The Courtneys of Curzon Street	British	drama	Herbert Wilcox	The son of a baronet shocks class-conscious 1900 British society by marrying an Irish servant. The film chronicles 45 years in their lives together and apart, through the Boer War and WWI and WWII.
The Return of the Rat	British	drama	Graham Cutts	Pierre and Zélie are now married, but it is clear that the union has hit trouble. The latest manifestation of Zélie's restless, capricious nature is heavy gambling, to Pierre's disapproval. He nags her about her habit, but is ignored. Having tamed Pierre, Zélie now finds herself bored with him and starts to flirt openly with the wealthy Henri (Bernard Nedell). Her dismissive attitude towards Pierre, coupled with her continual desire to put him down and belittle him, finally causes him to leave her and return once again to his old haunt, the White Coffin Club. The White Coffin is now ruled by Morel (Gordon Harker), and Pierre has to outwit him in order to reassert his dominance. In the process he attracts the devotion of barmaid Lisette (Poulton). Pierre and his followers hatch an elaborate scheme to humiliate Zélie and gain revenge on her for her transgressions. Matters take a sinister turn when Zélie is murdered during a party she is throwing for her society friends to celebrate her new association with Henri. The police believe they have evidence incriminating Pierre for the crime, and once again he finds himself pursued through the back streets of Paris by the forces of the law. Pierre has to use all his wits and cunning to evade the police while finding evidence to prove the real identity of Zélie's killer.
Goodbye, Mr. Chips	British	drama	Sam Wood	For the first time in 58 years because of a cold, retired schoolteacher Mr. Chipping (Robert Donat) misses a first-day assembly at Brookfield Public School. That afternoon he falls asleep in his chair and his teaching career is related in flashback. When 25-year-old Charles Edward Chipping first arrives as a Latin teacher in 1870, he becomes a target of practical jokes on his first day. He reacts by imposing strict discipline in his classroom, making him disliked but respected. Twenty years pass and he becomes the senior master. He is disappointed in not receiving an appointment as a housemaster within the school for the following year. However, the new German teacher, Max Staefel (Paul Henreid), saves him from despair by inviting him to share a walking holiday to his native Austria. While mountain-climbing, Chipping encounters Kathy Ellis (Greer Garson), a feisty English suffragette who is on a cycling holiday with a friend. They meet again in Vienna where she persuades him to dance to the Blue Danube Waltz. This piece of music is used as a leitmotif, symbolizing Chipping's love for her. Staefel remarks that the Danube does not appear blue, but Chipping remarks it only appears so to those who are in love. On another part of the same boat, as Kathy looks at the river, she tells her friend that it is blue. Even though Kathy is considerably younger and livelier than Chipping, she loves and marries him. They return to England, where Kathy takes up residence at the school, charming everyone with her warmth. During their tragically short marriage (she dies in childbirth, along with their baby), she brings Chips out of his shell and shows him how to be a better teacher. He acquires a flair for Latin puns. As the years pass, Chips becomes a much-loved school institution, developing a rapport with generations of pupils; he teaches the sons and grandsons of many of his earlier pupils. In 1909, when he is pressured to retire by a more modern headmaster, the boys and the board of governors of the school take his side of the argument and tell him he can stay until he is 100, and is free to pronounce Cicero as SIS-er-ro, and not as KEE-kir-ro. Chips finally retires in 1914 at the age of 69, but is summoned back to serve as interim headmaster because of the shortage of teachers resulting from the First World War. He remembers Kathy had predicted he would become headmaster one day. During a bombing attack by a German zeppelin, Chips insists that the boys keep on translating their Latin - choosing the story of Julius Caesar's battles against Germanic tribes, which describes the latter's belligerent nature, much to the amusement of his pupils. As the Great War drags on, Chips reads aloud into the school's Roll of Honour every Sunday the names of the many former boys and teachers who have died in the war. Upon discovering that Max Staefel has died fighting on the German side, Chips reads out his name in chapel, too. He retires permanently in 1918, but continues living nearby. He is on his deathbed in 1933 when he overhears his colleagues talking about him. He responds, I thought you said it was a pity, a pity I never had any children. But you're wrong. I have! Thousands of 'em, thousands of 'em ... and all ... boys.
This Boy's Life	American	drama	Michael Caton-Jones	Nomadic, flaky, Caroline Wolff, wants to settle down, find a decent man, and provide a better home for her and her son, Tobias Toby Wolff. When she moves to Seattle, Washington, and meets Dwight Hansen, she thinks she has accomplished her goals. However, Dwight's true personality is revealed after Toby spends a few months separated from his mother and living with Dwight and his children in a small town in the North Cascades. Dwight seems to want to mold Toby into a better person, but his methods include emotional, verbal, and physical abuse. The marriage proceeds, and Caroline recognizes Dwight's need to dominate everyone around him. She sticks with it, though, and several years of dysfunction ensue. During this time, Toby befriends a classmate, Arthur Gayle, who is a misfit at school and ambiguously gay . Hoping to leave Concrete, and live with his older brother Gregory, who has been living on the East Coast with their father, Toby decides to apply for scholarships at East Coast prep-schools. Realizing his grades are not good enough, he plans to submit falsified records. Meanwhile, the friendship between Arthur and Toby becomes strained when Arthur confronts Toby, saying he is behaving more and more like Dwight. Arthur helps his friend get the papers he needs to falsify his grade records, and Toby submits his prep-school applications. After numerous rejections, he is accepted by the Hill School in Pottstown, Pennsylvania near Philadelphia, with a full scholarship. Later, Caroline defends Toby from Dwight during a physically violent argument; they both leave Dwight and the town of Concrete. (Note: The real Dwight died in 1992. Caroline (Rosemary Wolff) remarried and moved to Florida. Arthur Gayle left Concrete and became a successful businessman in Italy. Dwight's children all married and stayed in Seattle. Toby and his brother Geoffrey both became noted writers.)
July Rhapsody	Hong Kong	drama	Ann Hui	Jacky Cheung plays Lam Yiu-kwok, a Hong Kong secondary school teacher who is facing a mid-life crisis. While he has only his pride and Chinese poetry to fall back on, his peers are successful businessmen and professionals who flaunt their extravagant lifestyles at reunion dinners. After all these years, Lam is still living in a modest apartment with his wife, Man-ching (Anita Mui) and two teenage sons. However financial stagnancy is not his only problem. An old flame of Man-ching (who was the couple's former schoolteacher) returns to Hong Kong and uncovers old wounds. Man-ching feels obliged to help her ex-lover. Meanwhile, Yiu-kwok faces another dilemma: Choi-lam (Karena Lam), a precocious 17 years old student, has a crush on him and the 'forbidden fruit' looks more and more tempting in the light of his wife's 'infidelity'. The two go to Shenzhen, where they celebrate the opening of a friend's nightclub, and spend the night together at a hotel. The film ends with Lam's return to his wife the following morning.
Till There Was You	Australian	drama	John Seale	Frank Flynn is summonsed from New York City to Vanuatu by his brother Charlie . He arrives only to find Charlie dead, and becomes involved with his late brother's partner, Viv, and Viv's unhappy wife, Anna.
Hum Kisise Kum Naheen	Bollywood	drama	Nasir Hussain	The story begins with a wealthy man selling his entire estate in Africa, converting it to diamonds. He carries them in a belt. He suffers a heart attack in the washroom and requests a passerby to deliver the diamonds to his son, Rajesh (Rishi Kapoor). The man is chased by goons who are after the diamonds. He hides them in a bicycle toolbox. The bicycle belongs to Sanjay Kumar (Tariq Khan), who is unaware that his bicycle has 25 crore rupees worth of diamonds hidden in its toolbox. Saudagar Singh (Amjad Khan) is after the diamonds. He and his partner Ranbir Kumar Dana set a trap for Rajesh telling a false story to him. The whole plot is speedy after that, with Rajesh pretending as Manjeet Kumar Dana is to fall in love with Kajal (Kajal Kiran), who is in love with her childhood love, Sanjay. There is a series of meetings between the two. A few years ago when motherless Kajal's father Kishorilal was in a deep financial crisis, Sanjay's father gave shelter to him, who has now become extremely rich. The promise of getting Sanjay and Kajol married is forgotten when Kishorilal insults them and forgets the promise that was made years previously. To unfold the plot, Sanjay becomes Manjeet's manager. Saudagar uses Manjeet to get the diamonds himself in the climax.
Leap of Faith	American	drama	Richard Pearce	Faith healer Jonas Nightengale (Steve Martin) makes a living traveling across America holding tent revival meetings and conducting purported miracles. He is helped by his friend and manager Jane Larson (Debra Winger), and an entourage of fellow con artists. One of their trucks breaks down in the fictional town of Rustwater, Kansas. Rustwater, with its 27 percent unemployment rate, is in desperate need of rain to save its crops. Learning they will be stuck in Rustwater for days waiting for replacement parts to come in for one of the many big trucks of their fleet, Jonas decides to hold revival meetings despite the town's small size in an effort to cut some of their losses while the truck is being repaired. Early on, Jonas meets Marva, a waitress in a local café. She rebuffs his persistent advances. Local sheriff Will Braverman (Liam Neeson) is skeptical and tries to prevent his townspeople from being conned out of what little money they do have. First, he engages in some legal harassment, sending all of the city and county inspectors to examine his facilities. After seeing the excessive pageantry of the first show and the counting of money by the team on Jonas' tour bus, Braverman decides to investigate Jonas' past. He learns that Jonas, claiming to have been born in a humble log cabin in the Appalachians, is in fact Jack Newton, a native of New York City. Between the age of 15 and 18 he lived a life of crime, including petty theft and drug possession. Braverman shares this information with the townspeople who have gathered for another tent revival. Jonas storms off the stage, soon returning to successfully spin Braverman's report, leaving the crowd more energized than ever, much to Braverman's exasperation. Jonas also gives back the collections for the day, saying he could not take their money in good conscience knowing that they doubted him and that if his faith was strong God would send them a sign. He also has his crew secretly plant an additional $80 among the crowd, setting up the believers for a miracle the next day. The next morning, the huge crucifix forming the backdrop of the revival tent with Jesus' eyes normally closed is found to somehow have his eyes opened. A shocked Jonas, in front of all the townspeople and numerous television cameras from the region's network affiliates, proclaims it a miracle which is amplified as townsfolk who had money planted on them reveal their unexplained fortunes. Throughout all of this is a subplot involving Jane and Braverman, who find themselves falling for each other. She becomes enchanted by Braverman's simple farm life and his interest in butterflies. However, after Braverman's disclosure of Jonas' past Jane breaks off their budding relationship. They soon, however, meet again and Jane confesses to Braverman that she is tired of manipulating people. He makes it clear he would like a permanent relationship with her if she will stay. Meanwhile, Jonas can't understand why Marva won't date him. Marva points to her brother Boyd who walks with crutches following an auto accident in which also their parents died. Marva explains that doctors couldn't find anything physically wrong with him, so as a last resort she took him to a faith healer who subsequently blamed it on Boyd's supposed lack of faith. Marva now detests faith healers, having had one blame her brother for his own psychosomatic disability. Boyd comes to believe that Jonas can make him walk again. He goes to the revival and implores Jonas to heal him. Jonas finishes the show while pretending not to notice the boy, but is compelled to return to the stage after the crowd begins to chant one more. Jonas spins the expected failure to heal Boyd by blaming Braverman, who is present, saying that if a failure occurs, it will be due to Braverman's skepticism. Boyd walks to the open-eyed crucifix and touches the feet of Jesus Christ. He drops his crutches and begins to walk unassisted. The awed crowd sweeps the stage. After the show, an enraged Jonas rails to Jane that he was conned and that Boyd upstaged him. Jane doesn't believe it was a con. The production crew are thrilled with all the money that came in as a result of Boyd being healed and want Boyd to join the show. A clearly annoyed Jonas reluctantly agrees and stalks off the bus. Jane follows him out and they argue. After the revival, Jonas enters the empty, darkened tent and mocks the crucifix and Christianity. Boyd walks in while Jonas is talking. Boyd thanks Jonas for healing him, but Jonas insists angrily that he did nothing. Boyd says it doesn't matter, that the job still got done. Jonas accuses Boyd of being a better con artist than he himself. Boyd wants to join Jonas on the road, telling him a lot of ways he can help out exist and promising to earn his keep. Jonas agrees to meet Boyd the following morning, implying Boyd can come. Then Boyd's sister Marva arrives. She sends him out of the tent saying that people are looking for him. She thanks Jonas, who tells her that he will not be meeting her brother Boyd the next morning. He asks her to tell Boyd that just because a person didn't show up doesn't mean that the person doesn't care about them. referencing a set up earlier in the movie where Jane defended Jonas by telling Braverman the story of a five-year-old Jonas waiting in vain for four days for his mother to return, for many years while living in an orphanage holding steadfast to the belief that one day she indeed would. (The line is also found in the 1999 film adaptation of Graham Greene's The End of the Affair.) Jonas leaves the tent and sees the crowd that has gathered just outside it, many praying, some sleeping in groups, and others feeding the crowd that has gathered. He begins to understand that Boyd's miracle, and the faith that enabled it, are real after all. He packs a bag and departs alone under the cover of darkness, leaving behind his entire road show and most of all of the rest of everything that he owns - including his silver-sequined jacket and an envelope for Jane containing his ring that she had long coveted - and hitches a ride on the nearby Interstate from which they had come to Rustwater at the start of the story. Braverman and Jane drive to Jonas' motel room and find him gone. Jonas hitches a ride with a truck driver bound for Pensacola, Florida. When asked by the driver if he is in some kind of trouble, Jonas replies No sir, no sir. Probably for the first time in my life. As they continue to ride along, the drought, threatening the crop harvest that is the centerpiece of the town's economy, comes to a dramatic end in a miraculous downpour. Jonas laughs silently to himself as he realizes the truth, and the film ends as he rides off into the stormy evening, hanging out the truck window loudly thanking Jesus for the rain.
The Browning Version	British	drama	Anthony Asquith	Andrew Crocker-Harris is an ageing Classics master at an English public school, and is forced into retirement by his increasing ill health. The film, in common with the original stage play, follows the schoolmaster's final few days in his post, as he comes to terms with his sense of failure as a teacher, a sense of weakness exacerbated by his wife's infidelity and the realization that he is despised by both pupils and staff of the school. The emotional turning-point for the cold Crocker-Harris is his pupil Taplow's unexpected parting gift, Robert Browning's translation of the Agamemnon, which he has inscribed with the Greek phrase that translates as God from afar looks graciously upon a gentle master. Rattigan extends the screenplay far from his own one-act play, which ends on Crocker-Harris's tearful reaction to Taplow's gift. Therefore, the play ends well before Crocker-Harris's farewell speech to the school; the film shows the speech, in which he discards his notes and admits his failings, to be received with enthusiastic applause and cheers by the boys. The film ends with a conversation between Crocker-Harris and Taplow, and the suggestion that Crocker-Harris will complete his translation of the Agamemnon.
Johns	American	drama	Scott Silver	It's Christmas Eve and John (David Arquette) is asleep in a Los Angeles park. He awakens as someone is stealing his shoes, in which he keeps his money. He chases the thief but can't catch him. John is angered not only because those are his lucky sneakers but because he's trying to accumulate enough money for an overnight stay in a fancy hotel to celebrate his birthday, which is also Christmas. Each time John puts any money together, either by turning a trick, robbing the house of one of his regular dates or stealing from potential clients, it's taken from him either by robbery or in payback for a drug deal where he burned the dealer. Meanwhile, Donner (Lukas Haas), a fellow hustler who's new to the streets and has fallen for John, tries to convince John to go with him to Branson, Missouri. Donner has a relative who runs a theme park there who can get them jobs. John is initially resistant to the idea but, after some particularly bad experiences, agrees to go. John and Donner have enough money for two bus tickets to Branson but John takes one last date to earn money for expenses. After their sexual encounter at a motel, however, John's date turns violent, beating John unmercifully. Donner goes in search of John and finds him at the motel. Donner drags John's lifeless body from the bathroom to the bed and tearfully confesses that he's the one who stole John's sneakers and money in a desperate attempt to persuade John to leave town with him.
The Prisoner	British	drama	Peter Glenville	In an unnamed East European country that has recently come under Communist tyranny in place of Nazi tyranny, a Cardinal (Alec Guinness) is falsely accused of treason. The Interrogator (Jack Hawkins), an old friend of the Cardinal's but now a Communist, is given the task of persuading him to make a public confession of treason. The Interrogator eventually breaks though by showing how the Cardinal became a priest to escape from his childhood. To purge his sin, in the show trial the Cardinal confesses to every lie of which he is accused, and is released to face a silent, bewildered crowd. There is a subplot about a young warder (Ronald Lewis) who is in love with a married woman (Jeannette Sterke), who wants to leave the country and join her husband.[2]
Welcome Home	American	drama	Franklin J. Schaffner	Jake Robbins went off to Vietnam, leaving his wife behind to mourn when he is reported missing, presumed dead. Seventeen years later, he unexpectedly returns. Having been a prisoner of war, Jake was rescued and ended up in Cambodia having a family. Jake's reappearance is a godsend for his father, Harry, but a mixed blessing for wife Sarah, who has moved on with her life. While old feelings stir in her, Jake confronts the military on how his disappearance was handled, and, more importantly, on how to track down his missing Southeast Asia wife and child.
Secret Ceremony	British	drama	Joseph Losey	Leonora, a prostitute, is despondent over the death of her daughter. Cenci, a lonely young woman, follows Leonora to the cemetery and strikes up a conversation with her, inviting her home. A resemblance to Cenci's late mother becomes obvious once Leonora notices a portrait. Cenci, who is 22 but looks and acts much younger, asks Leonora to stay. A lie is told to the housekeeper Hannah that Leonora is actually Cenci's aunt. Cenci is found one day cowering under a table. Albert, her stepfather, has paid a visit. Cenci is terrified of him, claiming that as a child, Albert tried to seduce her. Leonora is repelled by the man's presence until Albert tells her that Cenci is mentally unstable and had repeatedly tried to seduce him. On a beach one day, Cenci and Albert have sexual relations. A despondent Cenci commits suicide. At the funeral, Leonora now knows whom she chooses to believe. After standing beside Albert in silence during the burial, Leonora produces a knife and stabs him.
True Women For Sale	Hong Kong	drama	Herman Yau	The story revolves around two women in the grassroots of Hong Kong society, struggling to survive and haunted by demons in their respective pasts. The literal translation of the Chinese film title is I do not sell my body, I sell my uterus. In fact, it deals with one woman who does sells her body but strives to improve herself, and one woman who views herself to be of higher status than the street walkers, but in reality is also selling herself by marrying someone and becoming pregnant just to become a Hong Kong citizen. The two women live in the same apartment building and share some interactions on screen; however, their stories do not necessarily intermix. The film takes place in the Sham Shui Po area of Kowloon, Hong Kong circa 2000. Lai Chung-Chung (Prudence Liew) is a crack cocaine-addicted yet good-natured street walker who is fast approaching a destiny call made by a fortune teller advising her that in the year 2000, she would finally repent all her sins from her previous life and will turn over a new leaf. To prepare herself for the life-changing event, she works hard to save up for a dentistry process to clean her badly decaying teeth and gums from years of crack cocaine use. After witnessing Lai heroically save a child from being hit by a van, freelance photographer Chi (Sammy Leung) thought that Lai would make a good human interest story for a magazine and starts to photograph Lai while having his girlfriend, journalist Elaine (Toby Leung) interview her. During Elaine's interview with Lai, it is revealed that Lai has had a troubled past with her mother and younger sister. The other subject is Wong Lin-Fa (Race Wong), a woman from Mainland China who married Kin: a middle-aged, construction-working Hong Konger, in hopes of attaining a better life by gaining Hong Kong residency. Upon hearing Kin died in a work accident, Wong travels to Hong Kong, pregnant with Kin's child in hopes of collecting an abundance of condolence money from Kin's family. However, she only receives HK$5000 and is kicked out by the family, who labels Wong as a golddigger. She then moves into Kin's apartment in a building that many prostitutes inhabit, including Lai. Insurance broker Lau Fu-Yi (Anthony Wong Chau-Sang) notifies Wong that Kin had bought life insurance with her as the sole beneficiary. Lau later begins an unlikely friendship with Wong, helping her with her quest to give birth and gain residency in Hong Kong, all the while trying to sell her insurance. Lau has a way of classifying people in his head by calculating their potential insurance coverage. He does this for Lai and Chi and quickly dismisses them as having a potential of $0 while evaluating Wong at US$2 million.[1]
Waaris	Bollywood	drama	Ravindra Peepat	Multi-millionaire widower Kishan Singh prepares a will which states that his ancestral property is equally divided among his two sons, Gajjan and Dulla, while the son of Gajjan, Shravan shall inherit the farm land. Enraged at not willing anything to his three sons, Thade, Dara and Chhote, Dulla confronts his father which leads to an argument leading to violence and Kishan is killed in the process. Dulla is then apprehended by the police and is jailed, leaving his sons to be raised by Gajjan. Years later Shravan meets with a poor young woman, Paramjit alias Paro and both fall in love leading to marriage. Eventually, Dulla's sentence gets completed and he joins the family once again; shortly after he schemes with goons to have Shravan killed. With no one to claim their rights on Shravan's land, this leaves the way clear for Dulla and his three sons to take control of this land, but Paro will not permit this to happen and the only way she can prevent this is by giving birth to an heir, so she confronts Gajjan to remarry her younger sister, Shibo but there is a short-coming involved as Shibo is in love with a young man, Bhinder and wants to marry only him.
Girl 6	American	drama	Spike Lee	Judy (Theresa Randle) is a young and timid African American woman living in New York, who has dreams of becoming a successful actress. With the help of her agent Murray (John Turturro), she is given a chance to audition with Quentin Tarantino (himself). Tarantino reveals that this is a big blockbuster groundbreaking film, and it is the greatest romantic, African-American film ever made. Judy who at first seems to be doing quite well with her audition, becomes uncomfortable when Quentin Tarantino asks her to undress herself. Judy under the impression that the film wasn't related to that type of nature, becomes very apprehensive and defiant, and contemplates leaving. After Quentin Tarantino's assistant tells her that she is wasting their time and they have other people to consider and that she needs to make a choice, she reluctantly does decide to partially undress herself revealing her breasts. However becoming quickly overwhelmed with guilt, Judy storms out of the audition. After finding out she walked out of the audition, Murray becomes furious. Having worked hard to get Judy her audition with such a prestigious director, he quickly and angrily drops her from his roster of clients. Her melodramatic acting coach (Susan Batson), is also extremely displeased at her lack of compassion to her acting art, and attitude towards the entertainment industry. When Judy tells her she felt uncomfortable by being asked to undress herself, the acting coach still does not see any reason why Judy should have walked out, and that she should have just complied with what they told her to do. This, topped with the fact that her acting coach is concerned as to why Judy is not paying her for her services, due to the fact Judy is currently having financial issues. She drops Judy from her roster of clients as well. Now unable to secure acting work and pursue her dream, Judy must find a way to make ends meet. She tries a number of jobs, which include passing out fliers on the street for technology classes and seminars, becoming a cocktail waitress at a nightclub, and working as a background extra actor being treated unfairly in harsh conditions for local productions. One night whilst Judy is reading the newspaper returning home from her part-time job at the nightclub on a crowded subway, she skims through the circulars and classifieds, and sees a want-ad that says, friendly phone line, as well as, mo money, mo money, mo money. In a sly way, she decides to fake cough and rip that advertisement out of the paper to cover her mouth, to make it seem like she was using the newspaper as a tissue and puts it in her purse, to not draw embarrassment for herself. The advertisement is for a call center, which specializes in customer service and phone sex. To which Judy is inquiring to be a phone sex operator. Judy meets her new boss, Lil, (Jenifer Lewis) who seems to be an assertive but friendly woman. Lil interviews Judy for the position, and the both of them click. However, Lil frankly tells her she has other prospects, and that she cannot make her any promises, but she really made a good impression with her. Judy then attends interviews with other phone sex companies, including one run by a stripper (Madonna), who explains to her that unlike other phone sex companies that would have her working in a building, she would be able to work in the privacy of her own home, and have fewer to no restrictions on her. She would however have to have her own private telephone line, which Judy currently does not have. She still decides to keep this opportunity in mind for future reference. Ultimately, Judy is hired by Lil to work as a phone sex operator at the call center. During orientation and training with other newly hired phone sex operators, she is now dubbed Girl 6, and told by Lil that despite the fact most of the girls on the team are African-American, unless requested otherwise by the caller himself, they should always give the impression they are Caucasian. Judy very quickly learns the ropes, and becomes comfortable with her new job, and fits right in. Judy's cousin and best friend Jimmy (Spike Lee), who lives in the same complex as her, and is obsessed with sports memorabilia and collecting, is very adverse to Judy working as a phone sex operator, and finds it very perverse and strange, and warns her about the dangers of doing something like that. Judy also occasionally while out running errands sees her kleptomaniac ex-boyfriend (Isaiah Washington), to which she explains to him she is putting her aspiring acting career on hold, and is now a phone sex operator. He seems to be supportive of her with that. The effects from working at the phone sex company, is Judy who was once an innocent girl, is now becoming more sexually bold in her attitude and personality. This shows as Judy starts to develop a crush on a man named Bob Regular (Peter Berg), who on a daily basis calls the phone sex company and strictly asks for her. To which Judy adapts the nickname Lovely, especially for him. Unlike the other callers who want a sexual fantasy or thrill, Bob simply associates in friendly conversation with her. Judy begins to experience positive imagery and empathy of him, although what could be false and incorrect assumptions and lies to which Bob explains to her. Judy becomes very close with Bob, and after Bob who explains that he's originally from Arizona, says he's currently in town and not far from her, and they agree to meet up at Coney Island amusement park, during her lunch break. Judy waits for Bob, but he never arrives, and a depressed Judy returns to work. Upon returning to work at the phone sex company, Judy immediately and strangely receives a call request, and it's a very frightening and obscene man disrespecting her (Michael Imperioli). Lil who was monitoring her call disconnects him, and bans him from calling. She reminds her that she is being far too nice to the men that call in, and that she needs to be more stern and careful. The man however oddly connects back to Judy's phone, and disrespects her more. As time goes on, Judy suddenly is now becoming very angry and bitter, and it is visible to everybody, especially Lil, that Judy is having a breakdown. Lil temporarily fires Judy from the company, and tells her to take care of herself, and that's she is free to return after that. Judy however quickly goes back to the original offer the woman who worked at the strip club gave her, and is able to now get a private line, and decides to become a private phone sex operator in her home. Judy also becomes to be more sexually aroused and comfortable from the callers in her private line. One night while taking calls from her private line, she goes into a very explicit and perverse S&M and snuff related conversation. Judy soon realizes that she is talking to the same exact man that called her incidentally and immediately after Bob Regular stood her up at Coney Island. The man is even more disrespectful than he was before, and saying very rude things to her. Due to the graphic nature of the conversation, it later turns out the man is possibly a serial killer, and gives very graphic sexual and homicidal details as to what turns him on. Judy disconnects the call, but despite that, the man continually calls back, even though she is ignoring him and disconnecting the numbers he is calling from. Judy eventually gives in, to which she tells him to leave her alone. The man then shockingly reveals that he knows exactly where she lives, and says her exact location. Judy scared and irate, finally snaps at him, to which the caller is satisfied at her anger and is pleased by it. Immediately after that, Judy out of fear runs to Jimmy's house and asks if she could stay with him, to which he allows her to. She decides that it is time to leave the phone sex career behind and move to Los Angeles, for her acting career. Before leaving, she makes amends with her ex-boyfriend. Now living in Los Angeles and continuing her dream to become an actress, Judy attends another audition with a director (Ron Silver) which parallels and is almost an identical to her experience with Tarantino. She decides to leave the audition, however this time, Judy has a different approach, and happily walks down the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Judy has reclaimed her dignity.
A Doll's House	British	drama	Joseph Losey	Set in nineteenth century Norway, Ibsen's A Doll's House focuses on the married life of banker Torvald Helmer and his wife Nora. A young middle-class couple with three small children, their seemingly respectable marriage is revealed to be a broken and bloodless matter. The Helmers live in an unequal partnership, dominated by Torvald. Although he professes to love her, Torvald constantly chides Nora for what he calls her careless and childlike nature; he often calls her his doll. He proudly thinks of himself as the family's breadwinner and protector, but he remains unaware of the secret that Nora holds: she had saved him, when he had become seriously ill and very nearly destitute. Without his knowledge, she had borrowed a large sum of money so that he could temporarily retire and recuperate. She told him the money had been inherited from her family; in truth it had been a private loan from Nils Krogstad, one of Torvald's coworkers. Nora has been scrupulously repaying him in small installments skimmed from her household allowance. Torvald, it turns out, already holds the boorish Krogstad in contempt for various reasons. When Torvald is appointed bank director, one of his first acts is to fire his unlikable coworker. The desperate Krogstad attempts to blackmail Nora – she must persuade Torvald to keep him on the job, or he will tell all about the secret loan. Its existence would be embarrassment enough for Nora, but Krogstad threatens to reveal the most shocking news of all: Nora had forged her father's signature as a co-signer on the contract. The story includes important subplots regarding the unexpected tenderness of Krogstad (toward Nora's friend Kristine, his old flame) and the quixotic love interest (toward Nora) of the elderly Dr. Rank. But the essential conflict comes when Torvald gets a letter from Krogstad describing the loan. Indignantly, Torvald pours scorn on his wife for her morals, intellect, and financial sense; he cuts short her explanations, and declares that she will be allowed no hand in raising their children. His fury seems infinite until suddenly a second letter from Krogstad arrives. It contains Nora's contract, complete with forged signature and surrendered without explanation. Torvald holds the incriminating evidence in his hand, utterly relieved, and begins to make weak apologies for his outburst. But in the meantime Nora has had a transformational realization about her love and marriage. She stands up to Torvald, explains her new vision, and then – against all customs of the day – walks out on him forever.
Lilli Marlene	British	drama	Arthur Crabtree	A French girl named Lilli Marlene, working in her uncle's café in Benghazi, Libya, turns out to be the girl that the popular German wartime song Lili Marleen had been written for before the war, so both the British and the Germans try to use her for propaganda purposes - especially as it turns out that she can sing as well. The Germans try to snatch her at one point, but don't succeed, and she performs several times for the British troops and also appears in radio broadcasts to the USA, arranged by Steve, an American war correspondent embedded with the British Eighth Army, who eventually becomes her boyfriend. Later, the Germans successfully kidnap her in Cairo and she is taken to Berlin, where she is interrogated and repeatedly told that she had been tortured and brainwashed by the British to think that she was French, when she actually is German. Once the Germans think that she has been transformed into a loyal Nazi, they set her to make broadcasts in English for the Third Reich. Her old British friends, and especially Steve, are very disappointed in her. After the war, she reappears in London during a big reunion for members of the Eighth Army. She manages to convince Steve and a few of her other Eighth Army friends that she never betrayed the British; however, British security agents arrest her. Steve and another old friend, Berry, take off with her in their broadcasting van, chased by the security people. They drive to an address in London that she had been given by the German colonel in charge of her broadcasts, in case she ever went to London and was in need of help. When they get there, she finds that the German colonel lives in it. It turns out that he is actually a British intelligence officer who was working undercover in Berlin during the war. He informs them and the security people that Lilli was never a traitor, and that, in all her communications, there were encoded messages to the British intelligence services back in London. Once they know the truth, Steve and Berry take her back to the reunion, where everybody is told that Lilli never was a traitor. She sings the Lili Marleen song for all of them and afterwards she and Steve kiss.
A Foreign Field	British	drama	Charles Sturridge	Cyril (McKern) and Waldo (Randolph), who are British and American, respectively, have both returned to France in search of the same woman (Moreau) with whom they each had a rendezvous in 1944 (unknown to the other). Cyril is accompanied by fellow veteran Amos (Guinness), while Waldo has his petty daughter Beverly (Chaplin) and her henpecked husband (Herrmann) in tow. Amos is childlike and carries an empty jam jar as if it is a favored toy. The two groups encounter one another, and after some conflict find common ground in old sorrows. Along the way they meet the recently widowed Lisa (Bacall), who has come in search of her brother's grave.[5] Eventually it is revealed that Amos saved Cyril's life during the battle of Normandy in 1944 but sustained a severe head-wound in the process. The wound has left Amos permanently brain-damaged and Cyril has been his carer ever since. Cyril also confides in the others that Amos does not have long left to live and this will be the last chance for the two men to come to Normandy to pay their respects to their close friend Briggs who was killed in action. Waldo has come to France for a similar reason, to visit the grave of a close buddy who was killed on D-Day. The trip helps put Beverly's problems into perspective and gives a new lease of life to her marriage. And it is revealed that Lisa's brother was in fact a German soldier but instead of showing hostility, the veterans instead pay their respects at his grave, in tribute to the bravery of the German forces who took part in the battle. The frame is completed via Amos' jam jar with the final image of the jar holding a handful of wildflowers and placed in front of Briggs' gravestone on Omaha Beach.
Kansas City	American	drama	Robert Altman	A kidnapping goes down in 1934 Kansas City. Blondie O'Hara's (Leigh) petty thief husband Johnny is taken by gangster Seldom Seen and held prisoner at the Hey Hey Club, one of the hot spots of the Kansas City jazz scene. Blondie herself kidnaps Mrs. Stilton, the wife of a local politician, played by Michael Murphy; Mrs. Stilton is addicted to laudanum (an opium liquid) and has secrets of her own. Blondie's plan is to blackmail Mr. Stilton into helping to free Johnny. Despite the risk to his re-election campaign, Mr. Stilton does everything he can in order to free his wife by saving Johnny. Meanwhile, Mrs. Stilton comes to befriend Blondie. She is impressed by Blondie's devotion to her husband, contrasted to her own loveless marriage. A subplot concerns political fixer Johnny Flynn (Buscemi) paying vagrants and addicts to vote in the upcoming election and sway the outcome.
Term of Trial	British	drama	Peter Glenville	Graham Weir is an alcoholic schoolteacher whose criminal record for refusing to fight during the Second World War has prevented him from progressing further in his teaching career. Now, years later, he is a teacher in a school where pupils don't like to be there and is married to a very embittered wife. While in school, he meets Shirley Taylor, a new girl in the school who starts to have a crush on him. Graham does not realise it, but Shirley's infatuation will lead to serious trouble, including the threat of a false sexual molestation charge.
The Dresser	British	drama	Peter Yates	The plot is based on Harwood's experiences as dresser to English Shakespearean actor-manager Sir Donald Wolfit, who is the model for the character Sir. The film opens with a performance of Othello at a regional theatre in Britain during World War II. In the title role is an aging, once-famous Shakespearean actor identified to us only as Sir (Albert Finney). He is of the old, bombastic school of British acting, full of grand gestures and fine oratory. As the curtain comes down on the last act, and as the actors line up for their curtain call, Sir lectures them on the mistakes they've made during the performance, showing us that he is the leader of this travelling band of actors bringing Shakespeare to the provinces during wartime. Waiting backstage is Norman (Tom Courtenay), who has been Sir's dresser for decades. Norman is an efficient, somewhat effeminate little man who knows Sir's every whim and fancy, is used to his tirades and temperamental rants and is, for all intents and purposes, Sir's servant. As Norman waits for Sir to come offstage after a typically florid closing address to the audience, we see one way he copes with his job as he takes a nip from a handy little bottle of brandy always in his back pocket. The company is hurrying to its next venue, the industrial town of Bradford, where Sir is to give his renowned portrayal of the title character in King Lear. The train nearly leaves without them, as Sir makes his stately progress through the train station to the platform, Norman scurrying ahead to plead with the train guard to hold the train for Sir's arrival. But the train begins to pull out of the station, until Sir delivers a loud, commanding STOP....THAT....TRAIN! from the platform steps. The guard, taken aback, does just that and Sir placidly leads his company aboard. Arriving in Bradford, however, another source of Norman's anxiety soon becomes clear, for it becomes obvious that Sir's mental capacities are rapidly fading. Norman rescues him from a confused, almost violent rant in the town square that lands Sir in the hospital. As the company tries to decide what to do, Sir unexpectedly arrives at the theatre, disoriented and exhausted, saying he has discharged himself from the hospital. Norman ushers Sir to the dressing room, fiercely resisting the stage manager's insistence that the show be cancelled, and insisting Sir will be ready to go on. The middle section of the film takes place nearly entirely in the dressing room, as Norman struggles to prepare Sir for the curtain. Sir's wandering mind and nearly incoherent ramblings gradually become more focused as Norman gets him to concentrate on applying his makeup, remembering his lines; and we see how dependent the two men are on each other. Sir would have no career left without Norman; Norman, even worse, would have no life without Sir, to whom he has so long dedicated all his time and energy. By the time Sir's wife, referred to only as Her Ladyship, who is playing Cordelia to her husband's Lear, arrives in the dressing room for the five-minute call, Sir is ready for the role he has performed 227 times. The curtain rises for the opening dialogue among Lear's courtiers, but Sir seems to mentally drift away while waiting for his cue, much to Norman's distress, forcing the hapless actors on stage to improvise speeches while Norman struggles to convince Sir of his entrance. Air raid sirens sound, signaling the onset of an air raid; and, indeed, distant bombs that can be heard falling seem to rouse Sir and he strides on stage to deliver what all agree is his finest portrayal of Lear in his long career. After the triumphant performance, however, Sir collapses from exhaustion and Norman helps him to his dressing room to lie down. Sir requests that Norman read from an autobiography he claims to have been writing. Although all Sir has written is the opening dedication, Norman reads aloud Sir's gracious thank yous to his audiences, his fellow actors, to Shakespeare, to stage technicians ... but not a word about his dresser who has served him so long and loyally. About to protest, Norman discovers that Sir has died while he's been reading. Norman, by now slightly drunk from the evening's brandy nips, flies into a rage, accusing Sir of being a thankless old sod, and in his anger even madly scribbles an addition to Sir's writing thanking himself. But Norman's anger only temporarily covers his disorientation at losing the only life he has known for so many years and, as Norman tearfully admits, the only man he has ever loved. The film closes with Norman sprawled across Sir's body, unwilling to let go of his life and his love.
Ebb Tide	British	drama	Arthur Rosson	A sailor falls in love with a woman he meets at the dockside, but is deeply conflicted because his former lover is in prison.[2]
Candy	Australian	drama	Neil Armfield	A poet named Dan (Heath Ledger) falls in love with an art student named Candy (Abbie Cornish) who gravitates to his bohemian lifestyle – and his love of heroin. Hooked as much on one another as they are on the drug, their relationship is alternating states of oblivion, self-destruction, and despair. The film is organized in 3 acts of roughly 3 scenes each, titled Heaven, Earth, and Hell: In Heaven, the young lovers ecstatically experience sex and drugs. Constantly seeking drug money, they borrow from Candy's parents or eccentric university professor Casper (Geoffrey Rush), selling things, stealing, even prostituting when desperate. In Earth they are married and confront the realities of addiction and family life. Dan purchases the drugs; Candy becomes a prostitute. Dan steals a credit card and gets the owner's PIN, then steals money from his bank funds. Candy becomes pregnant, and despite their efforts to go clean, the baby is delivered stillborn at 23 weeks. They finally stop taking drugs with huge effort, going through agonizing withdrawal symptoms in the process. Despite poor living conditions, constant struggles for money, and frequent disputes, they love each other very much. In Hell they experience the dissolution of their relationship and recovery. They choose to move to the country to try methadone as a way to ease into a more normal life. After a disastrous Sunday lunch, Candy fights with her parents, breaks down, and screams at them to leave. Eventually, she becomes involved with a neighbor, a fellow drug user, and relapses to her previous lifestyle. She has a complete mental breakdown and becomes extremely distant toward Dan. He looks up Casper again, returning to his prodigal father, and instantly relapsing with his patented yellow jesus. Dan is informed the next morning of Candy's hospitalization back in Sydney, upon where he finds her in an unresponsive, semi-catatonic state. Dan returns to find Casper has died of a drug overdose; this forces Dan to reconsider his life. While Candy recovers in a clinic, Dan gets clean and gets a dishwashing job. When Candy returns to Dan, he says There's no going back. If you're given a reprieve, I think it's good to remember just how thin it is and she stands up and leaves.
Go Fish	American	drama	Rose Troche	Max is a young lesbian student in Chicago who has gone ten months without having sex. She and her roommate and college professor Kia are in a coffee shop when they run into Ely, a hippieish woman with long braided hair, whom Max initially dismisses. Max and Ely do end up going to a movie together. After the movie they return to Ely's place and, after some flirtatious conversation, they kiss. Suddenly a call comes in from Ely's (unseen on-screen) partner Kate, with whom Ely has been in a long-distance relationship for more than two years, which puts a bit of a damper on things. Ely decides to cut off all her hair, ending up with a very short butch style. She runs into Max in a bookstore and Max almost does not recognize her. Kia's girlfriend Evy returns home. Her ex-boyfriend Junior is there. Evy's mother confronts her, saying that Junior told her that he had spotted Evy at a gay bar. Evy's mother kicks her out and Evy flees to Kia's place and Max invites her to live with them. Ely and her roommate Daria throw a dinner party and, after a spirited game of I Never, Max and Ely reconnect. They make plans to go out again and then begin kissing. They have several phone conversations, in the course of which Ely reveals that she's sort of broken up with Kate. They get together for a second date but they never make it out of the apartment. Max ends up trimming Ely's fingernails. This turns into foreplay and they have sex. Intercut with the closing credits are shots and short scenes of Max and Ely's burgeoning relationship.
A Bronx Tale	American	drama	Robert De Niro	In 1960, Lorenzo Anello lives in Belmont, an Italian-American neighborhood in The Bronx, with his wife Rosina and his 9-year old young son Calogero, who is fascinated by the local mobsters led by Sonny LoSpecchio. One day, Calogero witnesses a murder committed by Sonny in defense of an assaulted friend in his neighborhood. When Calogero chooses to keep quiet when questioned by NYPD detectives, Sonny takes a liking to him and gives him the nickname C. Sonny's men offer Lorenzo a better paying job, but Lorenzo, preferring a law-abiding life as an MTA bus driver, politely declines. Sonny befriends Calogero and introduces him to his crew. Calogero earns tips amounting to $600 working in the Mafia bar and throwing dice, and is admonished harshly by Lorenzo when he discovers it. Lorenzo speaks severely to Sonny, returns the money, and angrily warns him to keep away from Calogero. Eight years later, Calogero has grown into a young man who has been visiting Sonny regularly without his father's knowledge. Calogero is also part of a gang of local Italian-American boys, which concerns Sonny, who warns Calogero to keep away from them and focus more on his schoolwork. Later on, Calogero meets an African American girl, Jane Williams, and is smitten with her. Despite the high level of racial tension and dislike between Italian Americans and African Americans, Calogero arranges a date with Jane. He asks for advice from both his father and Sonny, with the latter lending Calogero his car. Later, Calogero's friends beat up the black cyclists who ride through their neighborhood, despite Calogero's attempts to defend them. One of the cyclists turns out to be Jane's brother, Willie. Willie mistakes Calogero for one of the assailants and accuses C of beating him up when Calogero and Jane meet for their date. Calogero loses his temper over the accusation and Willie's lack of gratitude, responding by accidentally addressing him with a racial slur, which he instantly regrets. Jane leaves with Willie. At home, Calogero is confronted by his father who just saw him driving Sonny's car. An argument ensues and Calogero storms out. Shortly thereafter, Calogero is confronted by Sonny and his crew, who found a bomb in Sonny's car and suspected Calogero of planning to assassinate him. Calogero tearfully proclaims his love for and dedication to Sonny. Sonny recognizes Calogero's innocence and allows him to leave. Lorenzo emerges to defend his son, but is held back by Sonny's men. The African-American boys egg the Italian-American boys' usual spot in retaliation for the previous beating, and Calogero's friends make a plan to strike back using Molotov cocktails. They try to force Calogero to participate, but Sonny stops the car and orders Calogero out. Calogero catches up with Jane, who tells him that Willie had since admitted that the boy who beat him up was not Calogero. Jane and Calogero make amends, but Calogero suddenly remembers his friends' plans to attack Jane's neighborhood, and the two rush to stop them. Calogero and Jane arrive to find the Italian-American boys' car in flames. During the attack, someone threw one of the Molotov cocktails back into the car window, igniting the remaining bottles. The resulting crash and explosion killed everyone in the vehicle. Calogero rushes into the crowded bar to thank Sonny for saving his life, but an unnamed assailant shoots Sonny in the back of the head before Calogero can warn him. Calogero later learns that the assailant was the son of the man Sonny killed in front of Calogero's house eight years earlier. At Sonny's funeral, countless people come to pay their respects. When the crowd disperses, a lone man, Carmine, visits the funeral, claiming that Sonny once saved his life as well. Calogero does not recognize Carmine until he sees a scar on his forehead and realizes he was the assaulted man whom Sonny had defended eight years ago. Carmine tells Calogero that he will be taking care of the neighborhood for the time being, and promises Calogero help should he ever need anything. Carmine leaves just as Calogero's father unexpectedly arrives to pay his respects to Sonny, thanking him for saving his son's life and admitting that he had never hated Sonny, but merely resented him for making Calogero grow up so quickly. Calogero makes peace with his father, and the two walk home together as Calogero narrates the lessons he learned from his two mentors.
Black Snow	Chinese	drama	Xie Fei	The film captures the social impact of political change in China at the time.[2] A semi-literate who was deprived of schooling during the Cultural Revolution, Li Huiquan, is released from labor camp. He arrives back in his native Beijing to find that he has no family or prospects or friends, just his underworld contacts trying to drag him back into a life of crime.[5][6] His attempts to make good are continually thwarted. His street stall selling clothes puts him on the fringe of the black market, and he soon gets lured back into his old neighbourhood gangs. His disenchanted comrades include a nightclub chanteuse as well as an escaped convict.[7] The film's lurking handheld camera visually presents realistic footage of a man destined for the past from which he left behind.[8]
Awakenings	American	drama	Penny Marshall	In 1969, Dr. Malcolm Sayer (Robin Williams) is a dedicated and caring physician at a local hospital in the New York City borough of The Bronx. After working extensively with the catatonic patients who survived the 1917–1928 epidemic of encephalitis lethargica, Sayer discovers certain stimuli will reach beyond the patients' respective catatonic states; actions such as catching a ball, hearing familiar music, and experiencing human touch all have unique effects on particular patients and offer a glimpse into their worlds. Leonard Lowe (Robert De Niro) proves elusive in this regard, but Sayer soon discovers that Leonard is able to communicate with him by using a Ouija board. After attending a lecture at a conference on the subject of the L-Dopa drug and its success with patients suffering from Parkinson's Disease, Sayer believes the drug may offer a breakthrough for his own group of patients. A trial run with Leonard yields astounding results: Leonard completely awakens from his catatonic state. This success inspires Sayer to ask for funding from donors so that all the catatonic patients can receive the L-Dopa medication and experience awakenings back to reality. Meanwhile, Leonard is adjusting to his new life and becomes romantically interested in Paula (Penelope Ann Miller), the daughter of another hospital patient. Leonard also begins to chafe at the restrictions placed upon him as a patient of the hospital, desiring the freedom to come and go as he pleases. He stirs up a revolt by arguing his case to Sayer and the hospital administration. Sayer notices that as Leonard grows more agitated, a number of facial and body tics are starting to manifest, which Leonard has difficulty controlling. While Sayer and the hospital staff are thrilled by the success of L-Dopa with this group of patients, they soon find that it is a temporary measure. As the first to awaken, Leonard is also the first to demonstrate the limited duration of this period of awakening. Leonard's tics grow more and more prominent and he starts to shuffle more as he walks, and all of the patients are forced to witness what will eventually happen to them. He soon begins to suffer full body spasms and can hardly move. Leonard puts up well with the pain, and asks Sayer to film him, in hopes that he would someday contribute to research that may eventually help others. Leonard acknowledges what is happening to him and has a last lunch with Paula where he tells her he cannot see her anymore. When he is about to leave, Paula dances with him, and for this short period of time his spasms disappear. Leonard and Sayer reconcile their differences, but Leonard returns to his catatonic state soon after. The other patients' fears are similarly realized as each eventually returns to catatonia no matter how much their L-Dopa dosages are increased. Sayer tells a group of grant donors to the hospital that although the awakening did not last, another kind — one of learning to appreciate and live life — took place. For example, he himself overcomes his painful shyness and asks Nurse Eleanor Costello (Julie Kavner) to go out for coffee, many months after he had declined a similar proposal from her. The nurses also now treat the catatonic patients with more respect and care, and Paula is shown visiting Leonard. The film ends with Sayer standing over Leonard behind a Ouija board, with his hands on Leonard's hands, which are on the planchette. Let's begin, Sayer says.
Whistle Down the Wind	British	drama	Bryan Forbes	The plot follows the lives of three Lancashire farm children who discover a fugitive hiding in their barn. The bearded man, referred to as Blakey by the police, is mistaken for Jesus Christ by the children, who are heavily influenced in this belief by stories they have heard told at Sunday school and by an initial exclamation of Jesus Christ! the eldest child hears shouted in shock by the fugitive at nightfall when she accidentally discovers him taking refuge in the family barn.[2] The fugitive—initially confused as to the determination of the three Bostock children to protect him from any adult discovery—makes no attempt to correct their mistake, especially when he discovers the eldest child, Kathy, is determined to protect him at any means from discovery by the local police, despite the fact posters circulated within the town reveal that he is in fact wanted for murder. Most of the children in the nearby small town eventually become aware that Jesus is living in the barn, complicating Kathy's attempt at keeping it a secret. When the news finally reaches an adult, Kathy's father, the police are called in to apprehend the criminal. The children of the village, perhaps 100 of them by now in on the secret, converge on the barn. Convinced that she has let Jesus down, Kathy sneaks behind the structure and apologizes to Blakey that she can no longer protect him. He forgives the girl and, after much prompting from Kathy, promises she will see him again. Resigned to his fate, Blakey tosses his revolver out of the barn door and surrenders to the police. Once Blakey is taken away and the crowd disperses, Kathy is approached by two very young children who ask to see Jesus. She tells them that they missed him this time, but he will be back one day.
Another Time, Another Place	British	drama	Michael Radford	In Scotland in 1943 during World War II, Janie (Phyllis Logan) is a young Scottish housewife married to Dougal (Paul Young), who is 15 years older. Participating in a war rehabilitation program, the couple take in three Italian prisoners of war to work on their farm. Janie soon falls in love with one of the three, Luigi (Giovanni Mauriello). She begins a secret relationship with Luigi that is doomed from the start.[2]
City of Joy	British	drama	Roland Joffé	Hasari Pal (Om Puri) is a rural farmer who moves to Calcutta with his wife Kamla (Shabana Azmi) and three children in search of a better life. The Pals do not get off to a very good start: They are cheated out of their rent money and thrown out on the streets, and it's difficult for Hasari to find a job to support them. But the determined family refuses to give up and eventually finds its place in the poverty-stricken city. Meanwhile, on the other end of Calcutta, Max Lowe (Patrick Swayze), a doctor disillusioned by an easy job in a Houston hospital, has arrived in search of spiritual enlightenment after the loss of a patient there. However, he encounters misfortune as soon as he arrives. After being tricked by a young prostitute, he is roughed up by thugs and left bleeding in the street without his documents and valuable possessions. Hasari comes to Max's aid and takes the injured doctor to the City of Joy, a slum area populated with lepers and poor people that becomes the Pals' new home and the American's home away from home. Max spends a lot of time in the neighborhood, but he does not want to become too involved with the residents because he is afraid of becoming emotionally attached to them. He soon, however, is coaxed into helping his new-found friends by a strong-willed Irish woman (Pauline Collins), who runs the local clinic. Eventually, Max begins to fit in with his fellow slum-dwellers and become more optimistic. There are many around him whose lives are much worse, but they look on each day with a hope that gives new strength to the depressed doctor.
Out of Darkness	American	drama	Larry Elikann	In the film, Ross's character, named Pauline Cooper, is a former medical student who becomes ill with paranoid schizophrenia and loses 18 years of her life due to the sickness. After her release from a mental ward, Pauline struggles to rebuild her life with help from doctors, nurses, and a new experimental medication that will help aid her back to health. Throughout the movie, Pauline seeks to better herself in a world that she felt had shunned her. The story is open-ended, concluding with Pauline seeing a homeless woman rummaging through junk cans and talking to herself, which leaves her (Pauline) in tears. The question of whether this will be Pauline's future or was a fate Pauline had avoided but to which she could still fall victim was not answered, only raised.
Two Great Sheep	Chinese	drama	Liu Hao	The film follows a peasant couple, Zhao Deshan (Sun Yunkun) and his wife Xiuzhi (Jiang Zhikun), living in rural Yunnan province near Zhaotong in southern China. Their lives are thrown into upheaval when the local mayor (Chen Dajiang) rewards them with two foreign sheep donated by a former villager, now an official in Beijing. The couple is then tasked with breeding the sheep for their wool and to bring prosperity to their small community. Much to their chagrin, the sheep do not take to their new environment and the couple are forced into ever more ingenious ways of making the sheep appear greater than they really are. As they do so, they also come to value the sheep as companions in their family. When it becomes clear that the two great sheep are not the boon they were thought to be, the local authorities repossess the animals. Only now the simply peasant couple no longer wish to give them up.
The Yellow Balloon	British	drama	J. Lee Thompson	In London's East End, 12-year-old Frankie Palmer (Andrew Ray) loses the sixpence his father has given him to buy a large yellow balloon from a street seller that the boy has set his heart on. He sees that a friend of his, young Ronnie Williams (Stephen Fenemore) has already bought one and Frankie snatches it off him and runs off with it, with Ronnie in hot pursuit. Ronnie chases Frankie into a large, bombed-out house and they are running about in the ruins when Ronnie slips and falls thirty feet to his death. Frankie scrambles down to help, but realises that there is nothing he can do. Hiding in the shadows and seeing it all, Len Turner (William Sylvester), a criminal on the run and using the ruins as a hideout from the police, convinces Frankie that the police will arrest the boy and charge him with the murder of his friend for pushing him to his death and that they must both make their getaway. Although Frankie and Len agree it was an accident, Len is adamant that the police will not see it that way and Frankie goes off with him. Len blackmails Frankie into stealing money from his parents (Kenneth More and Kathleen Ryan) to help fund Len's escape and then uses the boy as a decoy in a pub robbery that goes horribly wrong when Len murders the pub owner. Realising that Frankie is the only witness to his crime, Len knows he must kill the boy, too. This develops into a terrifying hide-and-seek chase through a bomb-damaged, abandoned and highly-perilous London Underground station, with Len hot on the heels of Frankie, who is desperately trying to escape with his life.
Reversal of Fortune	American	drama	Barbet Schroeder	The story is narrated by Sunny von Bülow, who is in a coma after falling into diabetic shock after a Christmas party. Her husband, the dissolute European aristocrat Claus von Bülow, is charged with attempting to murder the hypoglycemic Sunny by giving her an overdose of insulin. Claus' strained relationship with his wife and his cold and haughty personal demeanor lead most people to conclude that he is guilty. In need of an innovative defense, Claus turns to law professor Alan Dershowitz. Dershowitz is initially convinced of Claus' guilt, but takes the case because von Bülow agrees to fund Dershowitz' defense of two poor black teenagers accused of capital murder. Employing his law students as workers, Dershowitz proceeds to defend Claus, wrestling with his client's unnerving personal style and questions of von Bülow's guilt or innocence.
Day He Arrives, The !The Day He Arrives	South_Korean	drama	Unknown	Seong-jun heads to Seoul to meet a close friend who lives in Bukchon (North Village; Hangul: 북촌), Jongno District. When the friend does not answer his calls, Seong-jun wanders around Bukchon and runs into an actress he used to know. The two talk for a while but soon part. He makes his way down to Insa-dong and drinks makgeolli (rice wine) by himself. Some film students at another table ask him to join them—Seong-jun used to be a film director. He soon gets drunk and heads for his ex-girlfriend's house. Unclear if it is the next day or some other day, Seong-jun is still wandering around Bukchon. He runs into the actress again. They talk and soon part. He eventually meets his friend and they head to a bar called Novel with a female professor his friend knows. The owner of the bar has a striking resemblance to Seong-jun's ex-girlfriend. He plays the piano for her. Again unclear if it is the next day or some other day, Seong-jun goes to the Jeongdok Public Library with his friend and mentions that it was the first place he chased after a woman. Later, they have drinks with a former actor who had been doing business in Vietnam. The same female professor joins them and the four go to the bar called Soseol (lit. Novel). Seong-jun gets drunk and ends up kissing the owner of the pub. Seong-jun may have spent a few days in Seoul with his friend, or it may still be his first day there. He may have learned something from the encounter with his ex-girlfriend, or may have to meet the woman who resembles her again, for the first time. As life presents itself in no more than today’s worth of time, Seong-jun also has no other choice than to face his today.
Concussion	American	drama	Peter Landesman	In 2002, former Pittsburgh Steelers center Mike Webster is found dead in his pickup truck, after years of self-mutilation and homelessness. Before his death, a fellow football player, Justin Strzelczyk, comes to him, and confides that he is starting to lose his memory, that he is saying odd things to his children, and nearly threw his wife against the wall. A disoriented Webster brushes the worries off, and deliriously tells him that the most important thing is to finish the game, which is what he said during his Hall of Fame speech. Bennet Omalu, a forensic pathologist with the Allegheny County, Pennsylvania coroner's office, handles Webster's autopsy. He wonders how a man, otherwise healthy, and fairly young, could have degenerated so quickly, and makes it a point to figure out why he died of a heart attack at only fifty. Omalu closely examines microscope slides of Webster's brain and discovers that he had severe brain damage. He ultimately determines that Webster died as a result of the long-term effects of repeated blows to the head, a disorder he later calls chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE). With the help of former Steelers team doctor Julian Bailes, fellow neurologist Steven T. DeKosky and county coroner Cyril Wecht, Omalu publishes a paper on his findings, which is initially dismissed by the NFL. Over the next few years, Omalu discovers that three other former NFL players, Strzelczyk (died 2004), Terry Long (died 2005), and Andre Waters (died 2006), had symptoms very similar to Webster's. He finally persuades newly appointed NFL commissioner Roger Goodell to allow him to present his findings before a committee on player safety. However, the NFL does not take him seriously, and he is barred from the committee meeting, forcing Bailes, a former NFL employee, to give the presentation in his place. However, the meeting is a set up, where the NFL claims that the players' head trauma was due to past injuries, having nothing to do with football. As he leaves the meeting, former NFL Players Association executive Dave Duerson angrily confronts Omalu and tells him to go back to Africa. Omalu is subjected to considerable pressure to back down from his efforts, as football is a widely beloved sport in Pittsburgh, having provided jobs and allowed men go to college. Wecht is subjected to a politically motivated prosecution on corruption charges, and Omalu is forced to leave Pittsburgh soon after, lest he be deported, or sent to prison on petty charges as punishment for tarnishing the NFL. Before leaving he urges the NFL to tell the truth. Omalu's wife, Prema, suffers a miscarriage after being stalked. The Omalus are forced to leave their dream home outside Pittsburgh. They move to Lodi, California, where Omalu takes a job with the San Joaquin County coroner's office. Three years later, Omalu is vindicated when Duerson commits suicide due to growing cognitive problems. In his suicide note, Duerson admits that Omalu was right. Omalu is allowed to address an NFLPA conference on concussions and CTE. He informs them that he once wished he had never known Mike Webster, but by knowing him, he has the responsibility to inform NFL players of the true risks that they take by playing. He says that he holds no resentment for the NFL and tells them to forgive themselves and be at peace. Amid growing scrutiny from Congress, the NFL is forced to take the concussion issue more seriously, and in 2011, NFL players sue the league for not properly informing them of the risk of CTE. Omalu is offered a job as chief medical examiner for the District of Columbia, but as explained in closing title cards, turns it down, remaining with Prema and their two children in California, where he became a U.S. citizen in February 2015.
McBain	American	drama	James Glickenhaus	It is about an ex-soldier who reunites his old army buddies in order to get revenge on a Colombian dictator who killed his old friend, a freedom fighter.
Shukno Lanka	Bengali	drama	Gaurav Pandey	Chinu Nandi (Mithun Chakraborty) was a talented part-time actor and full-time employee of a coal-mine. Once he loses his job, he takes up acting as his full-time job. However, not starting in the profession early proves to be his demerit. He finds himself as a 250 bucks per day actor, who gets paid only if he gets a chance to play some part on the day. He is cast mainly as elderly house-servants and similar small characters in thoroughly commercial movies. Even so, he tries to give his best in such roles, which makes the stars of such movies (mainly Tublai, played by late Kunal Mitra) insecure, and they start to avoid giving him roles. Meanwhile, Joy Sundar Sen (Sabyasachi Chakrabarty), a world-renowned director who recently won an award for his movie at the Berlin Film Festival, starts working on his new project: a movie based on Satyajit Ray's Porosh Pathor, where an average post office clerk gets his hands on a priceless artifact, the Philosopher's Stone, and starts a journey to understand the wonders of life. In order to portray the protagonist of this movie (Chandrakant), Sen selects Chinu Nandi, much to the dismay of the superstars of the industry. Through the course of filming this movie, we see a lot of these two characters, their sincerity, their devotion to their fields, their love for art, and their talent. When it comes to family, however, Nandi is very happy being a poor man with his wife (Angana Bose), whom he loves very dearly, and cherishes his hobby of cuisine. Sen, on the contrary, is indifferent to his wife (Debashree Roy), who constantly tries to make him feel her presence through her love for him. The movie, after a couple of obstacles, finally gets released, and everything falls into place. Sen and his wife revive their love for each other, and Nandi wins the respect of his wife and the whole neighbourhood.
No Resting Place	British	drama	Paul Rotha	Gough plays an Irish tinker who is relentlessly pursued by a policeman (Mannigan, played by Noel Purcell) after accidentally killing a gamekeeper.
Kahani Ek Chor Ki	Bollywood	drama	S. Ramanathan	Shankar (Madan Puri) is a thief who operates with the help of his own small son Shyam, eclipsing his son's future. But his wife Gauri (Nirupa Roy) does not like this and decides to leave the house to save the future of her two sons. But unfortunately, she only succeeds in carrying her elder son Ram (Jeetendra) along with her, leaving behind her younger son Shyam (Vinod Mehra), who is picked up by her husband Shankar. Gauri settles down in some other town far away from her husband and younger son. With the passing of time, her elder son Ram gets a job in a mill and gets married to a laborer girl Sita (Moushumi Chatterjee). They were very happy and Sita becomes pregnant. One day, Ram saves one girl from the hands of a mill supervisor who wants to rape the girl, and for that Ram has to pay the price. The mill manager dismisses Ram from the job. Due to Ram now being unemployed and the sickness of his mother, Sita begins to work hard though pregnant. Ram does not get any job and he cannot buy medicines for Sita. One day, Sita gives birth to a son and dies. Sita's death in poverty gives Ram and unbearable shock which turns Ram into a smuggler whose only motive now is to get money by any means. But his mother Gauri who once left her husband for saving the future of Ram now decides to leave Ram to better the future of Ram's son Raju.
Ek Duuje Ke Liye	Bollywood	drama	K. Balachander	The movie is about the love between a Tamil man, Vasu (Kamal Haasan), and a North Indian woman, Sapna (Rati Agnihotri), who are neighbours in Goa. They come from totally different backgrounds and can hardly speak the other's language. Their parents despise each other and they have regular skirmishes. When Vasu and Sapna admit their love, there is chaos in their homes, and their parents reject the idea. As a ploy to separate the lovers, their parents impose a condition that Vasu and Sapna should stay away from each other for a year. After such a period, if they still want to be together, they can get married. During the year there should be no contact between them whatsoever. Vasu and Sapna reluctantly agree to the condition and decide to separate. Vasu moves to Hyderabad, and they both initially suffer due to the separation. Vasu then meets Sandhya (Madhavi), a widow who teaches him Hindi. Meanwhile, Sapna's mother brings a family friend's son, Chakram (Rakesh Bedi), to Goa to distract Sapna from to Vasu, but she is not impressed. At a chance meeting in Mangalore, Chakram lies to Vasu that Sapna has agreed to marry him. Vasu is upset and decides to marry Sandhya on the rebound. However, Sandhya comes to know of Vasu's real love and goes to Goa to know the exact situation and to clear the misunderstanding between the lovers. Vasu then returns to Goa and impresses Sapna's parents with his Hindi. When Vasu goes to meet Sapna he is attacked by a group of goons hired by Sandhya's brother (Raza Murad). Meanwhile, Sapna is raped by a librarian (Sunil Thapa) at a temple and is left to die. The movie ends tragically when Vasu and Sapna commit suicide by jumping off a cliff.
The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner	British	drama	Tony Richardson	The film opens with Colin Smith (Tom Courtenay) running, alone, along a bleak country road somewhere in rural England. In a brief voiceover, Colin tells us that running is the way his family has always coped with the world's troubles, but that in the end, the runner is always alone and cut off from spectators, left to deal with life on his own.[1] Colin is then shown with a group of other young men, all handcuffed. They are being taken to Ruxton Towers, a detention centre for juvenile offenders, an Approved School. It is overseen by the Governor (Michael Redgrave), who believes that the hard work and discipline imposed on his charges will ultimately make them useful members of society. Colin, sullen and rebellious, immediately catches his eye as a test of his beliefs.[1] An important part of the Governor's rehabilitation programme is athletics, and he soon notices that Colin is a talented runner, easily able to outrun Ruxton's reigning long-distance runner. The Governor was once a runner himself, and he is especially keen on Colin's abilities because, for the first time, his charges have been invited to compete in a five-mile cross-country run against Ranley, a nearby public school with privileged pupils from upper-class families. The Governor sees the invitation as an important way to demonstrate the success of his rehabilitation programme.[1] The Governor takes Colin under his wing, offering him outdoor gardening work and eventually the freedom of practice runs outside Ruxton's barbed-wire fences. This is shown interspersed with a series of flashbacks showing how Colin came to be incarcerated, beginning with one showing his family's difficult, poverty-stricken life in a lower-class district of industrial Nottingham, where they live in a prefab. The jobless Colin indulges in petty crime in the company of his best friend, Mike (James Bolam). Meanwhile, at home, his father's long years of toil in a local factory have resulted in a terminal illness for which he refuses treatment. Colin rebels by refusing a job offered to him at his father's factory. The company has paid a paltry £500 in insurance money, and he watches with disdain as his mother (Avis Bunnage) spends what Colin considers an offensive sum. Colin symbolically burns some of his portion of the insurance money and uses the rest to treat Mike and two girls they meet to an outing in Skegness, where Colin confesses to his date, Audrey (Topsy Jane) that she is the first woman he's ever had sex with.[1] His mother moves her lover into the house; an argument ensues, and she tells Colin to leave until he can bring home some money. He and Mike take to the streets, and they spot an open window at the back of a bakery. There is nothing worth stealing except the cashbox, which contains about £70 (equivalent to £1,400 in 2016). Mike is all for another outing to Skegness with the girls, but Colin is more cautious and hides the money in a drainpipe outside his house. Soon the police call, accusing Colin of the robbery. He tells the surly detective (Dervis Ward) he knows nothing about it. The detective produces a search warrant on a subsequent visit, but finds nothing. Finally, frustrated and angry, he returns to say he'll be watching Colin. As the two stand at Colin's front door in the rain, the torrent of water pouring down the drainpipe dislodges the money, which washes out around Colin's feet.[1] This backstory is interspersed in flashbacks with Colin's present-time experiences at Ruxton Towers, where he must contend with the jealousy of his fellow inmates over the favouritism shown to him by the Governor—especially when the Governor decides not to discipline Colin, as he does the others, for rioting in the dining hall over Ruxton's poor food. Colin also witnesses the kind of treatment given to his fellows who are not so fortunate: beatings, bread-and-water diets, demeaning work in the machine shop or the kitchen.[1] Finally, the day of the five-mile race against Ranley arrives, and Colin quickly identifies Ranley's star runner, Gunthorpe (James Fox). The proud Governor looks on as the starting gun is fired. Colin soon overtakes Gunthorpe and has a comfortable lead with a sure win; but a series of jarring images run through his mind, jumpcut flashes of his life at home and his mother's neglect, his father's dead body, stern lectures from detectives, police, the Governor, the hopelessness of any future life with Audrey. Just yards from the finish line, he stops running and remains in place, despite the calls, howls and protests from the Ruxton Towers crowd, especially the Governor. In close-up, Colin looks directly at him with a rebellious sneer, an expression that remains as the Ranley runner passes to cross the finish line to victory. The Governor is intensely angry.[1] At the end, Colin is back in the machine shop, punished and ignored by the Governor. However, he seems calm, even content with his loneliness, because he has refused to submit to authority.[1]
Someone at the Door	British	drama	Herbert Brenon	When penniless Sally (Aileen Marson) inherits a decrepit country manor, formerly her childhood home, she moves in with her younger brother Ronald (Billy Milton). An ambitious young journalist, Ronald comes up with an outlandish scheme to get his first big story. He plans to hide Sally in the house, to fake her death, and then get himself arrested for her murder. When Sally suddenly reappears at his trial, it will prove his innocence, and leave Ronald to supply his paper with an exclusive story. However, the siblings uncover a real mystery when they become mixed up with jewel thieves, whose loot is hidden in their house.
Menace II Society	American	drama	Albert Hughes, Allen Hughes	Caine Lawson and his best friend Kevin O-Dog Anderson enter a local store to buy malt liquor, where the suspicious Korean storekeeper and his wife urge them to quickly purchase their drinks and leave. As they do, the storekeeper angers O-Dog by remarking about feeling sorry for his mother. A brief argument ends with the couple being murdered by O-Dog, who takes the store's surveillance tape, robs the dead storekeeper's wallet, and empties the cash register. In a flashback, it is revealed that Caine’s father was a drug dealer who was killed when he was 10, that his mother was a heroin addict who later died of a drug overdose, and that he was raised by his grandparents. O-Dog proudly shows off the surveillance tape to his friends, who are impressed. Caine, disgusted at O-Dog's carelessness, tells him to stop showing off the incriminating tape, fearing they will get caught. Later, while Caine and his cousin Harold are on their way to a party, Harold is killed and their car is stolen in a carjacking. O-Dog and Caine avenge Harold's murder by tracking down and killing the carjackers. Caine and O-Dog are arrested under suspicion for the store killings, but Caine is soon released. Caine's grandfather and his teacher, Mr. Butler, warn that he'll either end up dead or in prison if he doesn't change his ways. His friends Stacy and Sharif try to convince him to leave with them to Kansas. Caine ignores everyone's advice. After buying a new car from a chop shop, Caine carjacks another young black man for his wire wheels, then purchases a large quantity of cocaine that he plans to sell as crack. He also meets a local girl named Ilena and eventually has sex with her. While driving one night, Caine and Sharif are pulled over and beaten by cops. The two are dumped in a Hispanic neighborhood, but Hispanic gang members take them to a hospital instead of killing them as the cops anticipated. While Caine is hospitalized, his friend Ronnie tells him that she has found a job in Atlanta and invites him to come with her. Caine is hesitant at first, but agrees to go with Ronnie. At a party, Chauncey, a hood Caine is involved in an insurance scam with, drunkenly makes sexual moves towards Ronnie. Caine comes to her rescue and starts pistol-whipping Chauncey, causing Stacy and Sharif to restrain him. Ilena calls to inform Caine that she is pregnant, but he refuses to believe that the child is his and dogs her. Chauncey retaliates for Caine's assault by sending a copy of the surveillance tape to the police. Meanwhile, Caine beats Ilena's cousin when he confronts him outside Caine's house about the pregnancy. Caine's grandfather comes outside to stop Caine and kicks him out shortly after. Ilena's cousin gets some of his friends together to get revenge on Caine. As Caine and Ronnie are preparing to leave for Atlanta, Ilena's cousin and his friends execute a drive by on the house, killing Sharif and Caine in the process. As Caine slowly dies in Stacy's arms, he sees flashbacks of the events that led to this final moment, and recalls his grandfather asking him if he cares whether he lives or dies; he realizes he does, but now it's too late.
Ami Aaj Nasto Hoye Jai	Bengali	drama	Srikanta	The film commences as a photographer finds an unconscious girl on a sea beach. The girl is introduced as Mayurakshi (Piyali), who was trying to get herself over a dark past. The photographer tried to disentangle the mysteries of Mayurakshi's past, so that he can help her in returning to normal life. It was revealed that the girl had a family consisting of her parents, her brother and sister and her fiance. But everything gets spoiled with the death of Mayurakshi's mother. Aru, her brother, gets into bad company and involves himself in a smuggling business and finally, gets shot. Later, her father dies with a heart attack after losing his job. Mayurakshi get into a deep situation of financial crisis with unpaid debts. To overcome this, she finally decides to involve herself in a destructive plan, made by her evil fried Ujan (Swaraj), who was a journalist by profession. However, this incident only adds fuel to the flame. Mayurakshi's life faces an even worse situation. The events which occur next form the climax of the story.
Little Man Tate	American	drama	Jodie Foster	Dede Tate (Jodie Foster) is a single mother, a working-class woman of average intelligence raising her seven-year-old son, Fred (Adam Hann-Byrd). Fred shows every indication of being a genius. Fred's reading and mathematics abilities are remarkable, and he plays the piano at competition level, but his intellect has isolated him from his public school classmates. Fred's abilities come to the attention of Jane Grierson (Dianne Wiest), a former music prodigy and now a psychologist running a school for gifted children. She asks permission from Dede to admit Fred to the school, in order to develop his intellectual gifts in ways that a public school cannot. Dede is reluctant, preferring that Fred have a more normal upbringing, but when no friends come to Fred's seventh birthday party, Dede consents. Fred joins other brilliant young people, and participates in Jane’s Odyssey of the Mind event for part of the spring. There he meets one of his heroes, who is one of Jane's prized pupils, the brilliant but slightly bizarre Mathemagician Damon Wells (P.J. Ochlan), a whiz at math who wears a black cape wherever he goes. After Fred unintentionally upstages Damon at one of the competitions at Odyssey of the Mind, Damon is upset with Fred. Damon however warms up to Fred when out horseback riding on Jane’s ranch, and is Fred's first insight to a world outside academia. Damon tells him, it is not how much IQ a man has; it is how he uses it. Jane attempts to become more nurturing, but is unable to relate to Fred as anything other than a case study. Fred is later enrolled at a university, where he studies quantum physics while his mother, aunt and cousins travel to Florida for the summer. An adult student named Eddie (Harry Connick Jr.) accidentally hits Fred with a globe when goofing around. To make it up to Fred, Eddie takes him out for a ride on his moped and shows him things such as how to shoot pool; it is good for Fred to spend time with someone who is not a genius. However, when Fred walks into Eddie's room while Eddie is in bed with a coed, Fred runs out and Eddie chases after him. Eddie explains that he cannot be a babysitter for Fred; although he enjoys Fred's company, Fred needs to find friends closer to his own age. The return to isolation takes its toll on Fred, as he suffers from nightmares in which he is treated as a freak and an outsider. Jane is asked to bring Fred onto a TV panel discussion show on the topic of gifted children. Fred attends but breaks down. He claims his mother is dead, and recites a childish poem (a word for word repetition of a poem by one of his former grade school classmates) before taking off his microphone and walking out of the studio. Dede witnesses some of this as it is being broadcast, and flies back to New York. Jane is unable to find Fred, but Dede discovers him back at their apartment, and embraces him. One year later, Fred has adjusted to the pressures of being a child genius, particularly after an even younger student is admitted to Jane's school. Dede hosts a well-attended birthday party for Fred, reconciling Fred's emotional development with his intellect.
02:37	Australian	drama	Murali K. Thalluri	A contemporary, ensemble drama telling the complex tale of six high school students whose lives are interwoven. All six students have their own personal problems and goals. The story takes place during a normal school day. At precisely 2:37 a tragic suicide will occur, affecting the lives of a group of students and their teachers. As the story unfolds, the individual stories of the six teenagers are revealed, each with their own personal significance. This eventually leads up to one of the characters taking their own life. An unwanted pregnancy unravels a terrible, dark secret; all is not as it appears for the seemingly confident school football hero; an outcast must deal with everyday taunts from his peers; a beautiful young girl battles an eating disorder; a stellar student constantly struggles to win his parents' approval while another uses drugs to escape from his own demons.
Three Into Two Won't Go	British	drama	Peter Hall	Steve and Frances Howard are a middle-aged, married couple unable to have children together. They have discussed adoption but made no decision: the subject is clearly difficult for them. They have purchased a large detached house on a newly-built luxury estate in Middlesex, England, and are starting to furnish and decorate it. Also to attend to the extensive, but empty, garden. She teaches English to GCE A-level students, he is a sales executive in an electrical appliance company, enjoying the regular driving his job entails. Steve picks up a free-spirited teenage hitchhiker, Ella, and has a brief affair. To his considerable shock and surprise Ella turns up at his home whilst he is away and introduces herself to his wife Frances. After they become acquainted over several bottles of wine, she claims to be pregnant by another man, then begs to be allowed to stay for the weekend. Calculating and manipulative, when Steve returns and Frances is away Ella threatens to abort the baby, which she reveals is his. He begs her not to, but she refuses. Torn between his faltering love for his wife, his infatuation with Ella, and his unborn child, Steve finally agrees to leave his wife and set up home with Ella to have the baby together. Ella agrees, though without much enthusiasm, but specifies he should tell his wife when she (Ella) is not present. Frances clearly suspects a secret relationship; her situation is further complicated by visits to her elderly mother, an emotionally repressed women who reveals the philandering nature of Frances' father. And how she endured their lifetime of marriage, and his habit of bringing lady 'friends' to their home, by shutting her mind to it. Frances discloses somebody her husband met, a young girl, is now staying with them. Resignedly, her mother tells her, 'You'll learn to live with it...'. Steve meets Francis to tell her of his decision, but before he can she - knowing what he is about to say, and telling him not to - says she wants to adopt Ella's unborn baby. This is a surprise opportunity - for Steve to save his marriage and have a child; likewise for Frances. But he rejects the offer and says he is leaving to live with Ella. 'You bloody fool' she says, softly, as she leaves him. Frances fetches her mother to come and live in the house with her. Steve has arranged to meet Ella that evening, but she doesn't turn up. Returning to the house with her mother Frances finds Ella there. After shepherding the mother away, Ella tells Frances she is not now pregnant. Steve arrives, unaware of this latest development, and Ella tells him she has changed her mind. After tense exchanges Steve agrees to seek a divorce. Frances leaves with her mother to find a hotel. Steve packs a suitcase and leaves too. Ella is now seemingly in possession of the house, having in the meantime destroyed a marriage...
The White Shadow	British	drama	Graham Cutts	The plot concerns twin sisters, one who is modest and socially conservative, the other a free spirit who can't bear the constrictions of a traditional life. Their father's unhappiness over his bohemian daughter's lifestyle leads him to drink and dissolution. The sisters end up having the same man, Robin, in love with them, without him realizing they are two different people. The extant film ends at a most critical juncture, at which both sisters, Robin, and the father meet at a Paris boîte and are about to realize who each other is. There are several multiple exposures when the two sisters, both played by Betty Compson are on screen at once, which are skillfully done. [2]
Perfect Strangers	British	drama	Alexander Korda	Robert and Cathy Wilson (Robert Donat and Deborah Kerr) are a timid married couple in 1940 London. He is a bookkeeper, she a bored housewife. However, their tedium-filled lives are drastically changed by the war. He enlists in the Royal Navy, while she (against his wishes) joins the Wrens. During the three years the couple are apart, they are transformed, each becoming much more self-confident. Cathy's assertive new friend, Dizzy Clayton (Glynis Johns), helps her break out of her shell. She begins going out with Dizzy's cousin, naval architect Richard (Roland Culver), who falls in love with her. However, she remains faithful (if unenthusiastically) to her husband. Meanwhile, Robert toughens up on sea duty and in time becomes a petty officer. His hands are badly burned when his ship is sunk, but he stoically rows in the lifeboat for five days without complaint. He recuperates in a hospital, tended by Elena (Ann Todd), a beautiful nurse. On the last night of his stay, he asks her out to dinner. He is attracted to her, but she informs him that she lost her beloved husband only six months earlier, kisses him, and leaves. Robert and Cathy both receive ten-day leaves, but each dreads being reunited with the dowdy spouse each remembers and being forced back into the dreary life they shared. Cathy cannot bring herself to return to her flat, where Robert is waiting. Instead, she phones Robert to meet her on more neutral ground. She tells him she will not be returning to him. He is relieved and readily agrees to a divorce, to her surprise. They then go to the neighbourhood pub, where each discovers the wholesale changes in the other. They find that they are perfect strangers. Nonetheless, they are attracted to each other. Robert's friend 'Scotty', whom they meet at the pub, lets slip Robert's unflattering description of the 'old' Cathy to the new; she's insulted and it hardens her heart. They quarrel and again resolve to divorce. But later that night, the couple reconsider and reconcile.
Equinox	American	drama	Alan Rudolph	Henry Petosa and Freddy Ace are identical twins living in the fictional city of Empire with no knowledge of each other, separated at birth and given up for adoption. Henry is a shy garage mechanic. He lives in a slum and loves Beverly Franks, his best friend's sister. He also baby-sits for his neighbor Rosie, a prostitute. Freddy is a driver for Mr. Paris, a gangster. He is slick and self-confident, married to a materialistic woman named Sharon. One day, a young woman named Sonya Kirk who works in a morgue accidentally comes across a letter indicating that the twins are actually the offspring of European nobility and owed a large sum of inheritance money. Sonya decides to play amateur detective and track them down. It all leads to a confrontation between the surprised twins in a restaurant, a shootout and a final scene high above the Grand Canyon.
Uncle Silas	British	drama	Charles Frank	Caroline Ruthyn is the teenage niece of her elderly uncle Silas, a sickly and at one time unbalanced man who becomes her guardian on the death of her father. The fact that Silas is broke and greedy and young Caroline is the heir to her father's vast fortune is reason enough for Caroline to be wary, but her fears increase when she meets Silas's perverted son and when she discovers that her fearsome former governess, Madame de la Rougierre, is working with her uncle...
Lost and Love	Chinese	drama	Peng Sanyuan	One day in 1999 when his two-year-old son Lei Da went missing, Anhui farmer Lei Zekuan (Lau) begins his fifteen-year-long journey of hardship searching for his lost son. On his way he meets Zeng Shuai, a young car mechanic who was abducted as a child himself and is also searching for his parents.
The Last Days of Dolwyn	British	drama	Emlyn Williams, Russell Lloyd	The story is set in 1892 in and around the small peaceful (fictional) farming village of Dolwyn in Mid-Wales. A massive dam and reservoir to supply water to Liverpool has been constructed at the head of the valley above Dolwyn, but construction has stopped because of geological difficulties; what was thought to be limestone is actually granite. Realising that a cheaper and easier scheme would involve the flooding of the village (but unaware that the village was inhabited), Lord Lancashire, the scheme's promoter, dispatches an agent, Rob, to visit the village and buy the land. Rob persuades a reluctant, and debt-ridden, Lady Dolwyn to sell the land, and also offers the leaseholders large sums for their leases. They are also offered new houses in a Liverpool suburb and jobs in a cotton mill for those who want them. Rob has his own reasons for wanting the village flooded; he is a native of Dolwyn, but was stoned out of it twenty years before for thievery. He therefore hates and despises the villagers, who are actually oblivious to his shameful past and bear him no ill will. Whilst preparing to pack up and leave, Gareth (played by Richard Burton), who has also lived in England and is more conversant with the language, discovers documents that prove his foster-mother, Merri (who has very little English), has a right to own her land in perpetuity. A solicitor confirms this title. Lord Lancashire himself visits Merri, but soon realises that this simple village woman cannot be bought off or cajoled. To top it all, she is able to cure his rheumatic shoulder with simple manipulation. He decides to leave the village alone and use the more expensive and difficult method of construction. Rob is furious and decides to open the dam's spillway valves to flood the valley. He is unable to do so and instead decides to set fire to Merri's cottage. He is confronted by Gareth and a fight ensues. Rob is knocked down by Gareth and he falls into the fire he planned to use for his devilish work. He dies of a heart attack. Merri has witnessed the events and is horrified. Determined that the killing shall not be discovered, she conceals the body in her cottage, then makes her way to the dam's valve room and opens the valves. The villagers watch sadly from nearby safe ground as their beloved village is slowly drowned. One young shepherd has refused to flee the flood and his defiant, lilting tenor voice is suddenly silenced as the tide consumes him. Thus is fulfilled the message of a short prelude to the film showing a plaque marking the flood and the deaths of two people, only one of whose bodies was recovered.
Pushpanjali	Bollywood	drama	Kishore Sahu	Dinesh Khanna (Sanjay Khan), discovers his son has brain cancer. The shock kills his wife, Lata (Faryal). Dinesh takes his son, Pappu (Shahid), and his faithful cook Maharaj (Manmohan Krishan) to an island, where they meet several characters who are after Rani Sahiba's (Lalita Pawar) diamond necklace. Dinesh and Pappu also get to know Menaka (Naina Sahu), who starts caring for Pappu. When Pappu has a seizure, a doctor is flown down to the island with the help of one of the kind-hearted crooked characters (Om Prakash). The doctor suggests an operation, but cannot give surety of Pappu surviving the ordeal. A dis-heartened Dinesh refuses the operation for Pappu and takes him to a temple. Pappu recovers miraculously and offers flowers (pushpanjali) at the idol of Shiva as a thanksgiving. Dinesh leaves the island with Pappu and Menaka.
Poison	American	drama	Todd Haynes	The three intercut stories that comprise Poison are:
The Last Valley	British	drama	James Clavell	The Captain (Michael Caine) leads a band of mercenaries who fight for the highest bidder regardless of religion. His soldiers pillage the countryside, and rape and loot when not fighting. Vogel (Omar Sharif) is a former teacher trying to survive the slaughter of civilians occurring throughout south-central Germany. Vogel runs from the Captain's forces, but eventually stumbles upon an idyllic mountain valley, untouched by war and still living in the age before the war. The Captain and his small band are not far behind. Trapped in the valley, Vogel convinces the Captain to preserve it and the village it shelters for their own benefit, as the outside world faces famine and devastation. Live, Vogel tells the Captain, while the army dies. The Captain decides that his men will indeed rest here for the winter. He forces the locals to submit, especially their Headman, Gruber (Nigel Davenport). The local Catholic priest (Per Oscarsson) is livid that the mercenaries include a number of Protestants (and nihilistic atheists for that matter), but there is little he can do to sway the Captain. The mercenaries are of one mind after the Captain kills a dissenting member of his band, and religious and ethnic divisions are set aside. At first, the locals accept their fate. Vogel is appointed judge by Gruber, to settle disputes between villagers and soldiers. As long as food, shelter, and a small number of women are provided, the mercenaries leave the locals alone. Hansen (Michael Gothard) attempts to rape a girl and, exiled from the group, manages to lead a rival mercenary band to the valley, before the winter sets in and closes the valley to all outsiders. He and his band are destroyed and the valley goes into hibernation. But as winter fades, it becomes obvious that the soldiers will have to leave. The Captain learns of a major military campaign in the Upper Rhineland and decides to leave the valley in order to participate. Vogel wants to accompany him, fearing Gruber will have him killed once The Captain leaves. However, the Captain orders Vogel to stay as the condition of not sacking the village, leaving a few men as guards. After the Captain departs, his woman from the village, Erika (Florinda Bolkan), is caught engaging in devil-worshipping witchcraft. The priest orders her tortured and burned at the stake. Enraged and realising the evil that has destroyed so much in this war (religious fanaticism) and the role he played in it, one of the Captain's men sacrifices his life to kill the fanatic priest by pushing him into the fire. Meanwhile, the Captain and his men engage in a major siege operation. Most of his men are killed. The Captain survives long enough to return to the valley, only to find himself faced by the villagers. Vogel intervenes so that no fight happens. The Captain reports the event and dies of his battle wounds, declaring to Vogel, You were right. I was wrong. A young woman from the village wants to leave with Vogel, but he tells her to stay, and runs off alone in the mist, satisfied at having saved the valley.
The Committee	British	drama	Peter Sykes	The movie follows a man (Paul Jones) who is unnamed. The movie starts out with the central character in a car with a man (Tom Kempinski) who just picked him up. The victim talks to him, but he is uninterested. The victim decides to pull over because he does not like the sound of the engine. While he is looking under the bonnet of the car the central character slams the bonnet down on his head several times, decapitating him in the process. The central character eventually sews the head back on, and the victim wakes up. The central character tells him he does not want to drive anymore that day and to leave without him. A few years later the central character is called on to be part of a committee, groups that supposedly keep the system running but really do not do much of anything. The committee consists of 300 people who meet in a country estate, where there is swimming, tennis and boating during non-working hours, and a dance with a live band one evening. The man feels paranoid that the committee was called on account of him, and runs into the victim while there, who does not seem to remember him. The central character talks about this with a man listed as 'The committee director' (Robert Langdon Lloyd) in the credits. This conversation lasts for the duration of the movie, and features most of the music Pink Floyd wrote for the film. At the end of the committee's weekend retreat, the man checks out, meeting a young woman whose bags he helps carry out. She offers him a lift and they drive off. She asks him if he plays bridge, but he does not answer her.
Anokha Milan	Bollywood	drama	Jagannath Chatterjee	Tara Sen lives in a small town in India with her parents, a younger brother, sister and an elder brother who lives in Calcutta. She is friendly with Ghanshyam, affectionately called Ghana, and often spends time with him near the river bank. When her brother returns home, he brings along a friend named Bijesh, who takes a liking to Tara and molests her. He is asked to leave the very next day, but the news spreads like wildfire, resulting in her parents to decide to get her married immediately, in vain though, as no one wants to come forward to marry her. During the Devi Pooja ceremonies, people crowd around the Sen household and spread vicious rumors about Tara, Ghana does not take kindly to this, a fight ensues, and a man is killed. The police are summoned, Ghana is arrested and held in prison. Sen attempts to reason with the local Police Inspector Badal Gupta, known for womanizing and being an alcoholic, who agrees to withdraw all charges provided Tara marries him. Sen is reluctant, but Tara readily accepts, and their marriage takes place. Tara's husband does not give up on his bad habits, neither does he fulfill his promise of releasing Ghana. One day an argument ensues between Tara and him, followed by a struggle, blows are exchanged, with Tara hitting him on the head with an axe. He is hospitalized and Tara is arrested, but when he regains consciousness he refuses to press charges, then subsequently succumbs to his injuries and Tara is sentenced to prison. When she finds out that Ghana is doing time in Andamans, she requests a transfer there, which is granted. When she reaches Andamans, she is told by the Warden that the only way she can meet with Ghana is by marrying him. But Ghana is old-fashioned and refuses to marry Tara on grounds that she is wealthy and he a lowly servant. Tara now has an option - return home and live alone for the rest of her life, or alternatively kill herself.
The Black Balloon	Australian	drama	Elissa Down	Fifteen-year-old Thomas Mollison (Rhys Wakefield) and his family move to a new home in the early 1990s. It begins with Charlie, his autistic brother, banging a wooden spoon on the grass with neighbors staring and pointing. Then, it cuts to the house where there are locks on the drawers and Maggie, their mother, locking star-shaped stickers in her bathroom cabinet. Thomas is anxious because he has to start at a new school, and make new friends. All he wants to do is fit in and be regarded in the same way as everyone else. However, it seems he struggles to achieve this goal. Although his family appears to be a fairly happy one, Thomas often feels isolated; it seems as if his mother only dotes upon his brother, Charlie (Luke Ford), and does not pay any attention to him. However, Thomas is devoted to his brother and shows affection for him. Charlie is Thomas's older brother who lives with autism, as well as attention deficit disorder. Charlie enjoys dressing up like a monkey, playing computer games using a Commodore 64 and receiving gold stars for good behaviour. Charlie communicates with the rest of his family by using sign language. When their heavily pregnant mother, Maggie (Toni Collette), must take a rest owing to a recommendation by her doctor as a consequence of Maggie's high blood pressure, Thomas is put in charge of Charlie. Thomas finds this task difficult and onerous. For example, when Charlie flees from the house in a high-spirited mood, Thomas runs after him to ensure the safety of his brother. Thomas cannot keep up with Charlie. Matters become even more problematic when Charlie expresses the urge to go to the bathroom and enters the nearest house to use the toilet. When he does so, the brothers encounter Jackie (Gemma Ward) who is taking a shower. The fact that both brothers are only wearing their underwear is a source of severe embarrassment for Thomas. Jackie exhibits her interest in Thomas when she attends a CPR class at school and visits Thomas at his home to return Charlie's monkey hat he left when he used Jackie's toilet. Thomas's first response is to ensure that his brother is hidden away from Jackie. However, Maggie is less than thrilled when she discovers that Thomas has locked Charlie in his bedroom. She then sees Charlie proceeding to rub his own faeces into the carpet. Thomas becomes frustrated and tells Maggie that Charlie is her responsibility. Maggie replies that Charlie will never be able to have a job, nor a family. He will be more likely to remain living with his parents for the rest of his life. This latest episode proves too much for Maggie. Her husband, Simon, insists that she spend the rest of her pregnancy in the hospital instead, leaving Thomas to become the primary caregiver for Charlie. Thomas begins to enter into Charlie's world when he rides the bus for children with various disabilities with his brother. In addition, Thomas is seen dealing with Charlie, who has a meltdown due to Simon not buying some more items at a local supermarket since he does not have enough money. This again causes severe embarrassment for Thomas. That same evening when the trio return from the supermarket, Thomas, who was annoyed by the meltdown, rips up Charlie's star chart. This causes things to become worse when the brothers fight and Charlie throws a stool through the window. The next day, when Thomas attends his swimming class, Jackie wears Charlie's monkey ears, which pleases and amuses him. When Jackie meets Charlie, she makes a concerted effort to know and understand him, as well as to use Sign Language as a means by which to communicate with him. Thomas and his father both endeavour to care for Charlie together. Simon tells Thomas that his mother is grateful to have Charlie as a child because she feels that the family is strong enough to be able to look after him. Representatives from Youth and Community Services visit the house and state that they have received multiple complaints about Charlie. Simon is furious at his neighbour whom he attributes responsibility for the invasive visit. Thomas also displays his loyalty to his brother. Charlie accompanies Jackie and Thomas to swim in a river. When it rains, they all shelter in a nearby drainpipe where Jackie and Thomas share their first kiss. When the boys arrive home, there is a note taped to the television which states that Maggie has given birth to a girl. When Thomas sees Charlie at his school, Charlie becomes the victim of malicious taunting and harassment. Jackie tells Thomas that he needs to quit wishing that Charlie was normal. Tensions flare when Jackie eats a roast dinner with the family in order to celebrate Thomas's sixteenth birthday. Jackie wonders whether or not Charlie will ever speak again. Thomas is confident that Charlie will if everyone will stop communicating with him using Sign Language. When Charlie begins masturbating at the table, this causes Jackie to become extremely uncomfortable. Also, Thomas becomes irate and smashes Charlie's Super NES console, leading to a fight between the brothers. After a physical altercation between the two brothers, Maggie exhibits sympathy for both of her sons. In spite of his mother's commiseration, Thomas still feels as if he behaved badly. In the morning, Thomas joins Charlie in his morning activity: sitting in the backyard while banging a wooden spoon on the ground. The family attend a school musical production entitled Animals Afloat, in which Charlie portrays a monkey. After Charlie's theatrical partner, Russell, has a meltdown on stage, Thomas and Charlie both don monkey costumes and give an outstanding performance. The brothers celebrate their success by taking a bubble bath together. Thomas confesses to his brother that when he was little, he used to fall asleep at night, wishing that Charlie would be normal. Charlie looks thoughtful. The film concludes with Thomas laughing and asking Charlie, You just pissed on my leg, didn't you? The brothers then share a laugh together.
The Secret Place	British	drama	Clive Donner	Crime heist melodrama set in the bombed out East End of London. A diamond robbery is masterminded by small-time crooks, and an adolescent boy finds himself unwittingly caught up in events, after discovering they've hidden the loot in his home.[2][3] In East London, young Freddie Hatwood has a crush on kiosk attendant Molly Wilson, who is engaged to Gerry Garter. Gerry is part of a criminal gang who had a hide out at car dealership; Molly's brother Mike works there. Gerry, Mike and their friend Steve are planning a diamond robbery. They need a policeman's uniform. Molly asks Freddie to borrow the uniform of his policeman father. The robber goes ahead. Gerry hides the diamonds inside Molly's record player. Not knowing this, Molly gives the player to Freddie as a thank you gift. Freddie discovers the diamonds and the gang go after him.
Before Winter Comes	British	drama	J. Lee Thompson	Before Winter Comes takes place in the immediate aftermath of World War II. British Major Giles Burnside (David Niven) is assigned to an Austrian refugee camp; his mission is to send the groups of displaced civilians to either the Russian or the American zone. Burnside is a by-the-books commander but runs into trouble with the intertranslations of many different languages. However, of the refugees, Janovic (Topol) is willing to help as he can speak many languages. Janovic quickly conveys Burnside's orders and helps the way station run smoothly. Janovic runs into romance with a lovely innkeeper, Maria (Anna Karina). But his love with her stops when he discovers her affair with Burnside. Meanwhile, Janovic is found to be a Russian deserter, and must be returned to the Russian mainland to be executed. Burnside offers to help him escape, but Janovic can't decide whether to trust his commander.[2]
King & Country	British	drama	Joseph Losey	During the First World War, in the British trenches at Passchendaele, an army private, Arthur Hamp (Tom Courtenay) is accused of desertion. He is to be defended at his trial by Captain Hargreaves (Dirk Bogarde). Hamp had been a volunteer at the outbreak of the war and was the sole survivor of his company, but then decided to go for a walk; he had contemplated walking to his home in London but after more than 24 hours on the road, he is picked up by the Military Police and sent back to his unit to face court-martial for desertion. Hargreaves is initially impatient with the simple-minded Hamp, but comes to identify with his plight. Following testimony from an unsympathetic doctor (Leo McKern) (whose solution to all ailments is to prescribe laxatives), Hargreaves is unable to persuade the court to consider the possibility that Hamp may have been suffering from shell shock. He is found guilty, but the court's recommendation for mercy is overruled by higher command, who wish to make an example of Hamp to bolster morale in his division. He is shot by firing squad, but as he is not killed outright Hargreaves has to finish him off with a revolver. His family are informed that he has been killed in action.
The Long Haul	British	drama	Ken Hughes	An American ex-serviceman settles in Britain with his English wife and becomes a lorry driver in Liverpool where he begins a relationship with the girlfriend of a major crime figure.
Crucible, The !The Crucible	South_Korean	drama	Unknown	Kang In-ho is the newly appointed art teacher at Benevolence Academy, a school for hearing-impaired children in the fictional city of Mujin, North Jeolla Province. He has a dark past - his wife committed suicide a year ago, and his sick daughter is under the care of his mother. He is excited to teach his new students, yet the children are aloof and distant, trying to avoid running into him as much as possible. In-ho does not give up trying to show the kids that he cares. When the children finally open up, In-ho faces the shocking and ugly truth about the school and what the students have been enduring in secret: the children are being physically and sexually abused by their teachers. When he decides to fight for the children’s rights and expose the crimes being committed at the school, In-ho teams up with human rights activist Seo Yoo-jin, but he and Yoo-jin soon realize the school’s principal and teachers, and even the police, prosecutors and churches in the community are actually trying to cover up the truth.[6][7][8][9] In addition to using privileges of former post (Jeon-gwan ye-u) the accused do not hesitate to lie and bribe their way to get very light sentences.
Vijeta	Bollywood	drama	Govind Nihalani	Angad (Kunal Kapoor) is a confused teenager trying to find himself and is caught in between the marital problems of his Maharashtrian mother Neelima (Rekha) and Punjabi father Nihal (Shashi Kapoor), it is time for him to decide what he wants to do with his life. Angad chooses to become a fighter pilot with the Indian Air Force. What follows is his struggle to become a victor both with his self and the outer world. Angad is attracted to Anna Verghese (Supriya Pathak), who is the daughter of his flying instructor (Amrish Puri). Angad must learn to adapt to flying, leaving his mom and dad for long periods of time, as well as try and woo Anna who helps him overcome his fears and realize his potential as a fighter pilot. Nihal is a clean shaven Sikh, Neelima is a Hindu, Angad is a Sikh and Anna a Christian, while Angad's fellow officers represent all religions. The film is notable for some rarely seen aerial photography of combat aircraft active with the IAF in 1980s. The central character of Angad is a MiG-21 pilot and is shown flying the aircraft in ground attack role in the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971. Much of the movie, including the climax involving a MiG-21bis, was shot at Pune. The IAF No.4 Squadron (the 'Oorials') provided the pilots and planes for the film's aerial sequences. The movie included good color footage of the Oorials aircraft in flight and in operation.
Al-Mohager (The Emigrant)	Egyptian	drama	Youssef Chahine	In this film, young Ram is a thinker who has grown up in a primitive and superstitious society, hated by his brothers and suspected of sorcery. Dissatisfied with the nomadic lifestyle of his family, he dreams of traveling to Egypt to study agriculture. Forewarned by his weather knowledge, he saves the family's flocks from a destructive sandstorm, and manages to persuade his father to let him leave for Egypt. His older brothers travel with him, but at the shipping dock they tie him up, knock him out, and dump him into the hold of a boat traveling to Egypt. When he wakes up, he is discovered by the boat owner family, who intend to sell him as a slave. They let Ram know that this sale would be his opportunity to enter the service of a powerful family, since the man they wish to sell him to, Ozir, is assistant to Amihar, the military head of Thebes. Ram actively participates in the bargaining to get the best possible price for his purchase. His initial months as a slave are a disappointment, however, since he is assigned to assist in the mummification of bodies rather than learning about agriculture. Ram is not afraid to express his contempt for the Egyptian obsession with death and the preservation of one's mortal remains, and affirms his belief in one God and the immortality of the soul independent of one's body. Amihar is impressed by Ram's honesty, takes a personal liking to the young man, and gives Ram a chance to convert a barren stretch of land into a working farm. Through a combination of hard work, good mentoring, and a bit of luck, Ram is successful in this endeavor.[2][3] Unfortunately, Ram becomes caught up in an intertwined mesh of sexual, political, and religious intrigues. Ram's relationship with Simihit and Amihar is far more complex than in the Biblical version of the story. Amihar is a eunuch, a former harem guard. His marriage to Simihit, former princess of a vanquished nation, was at first simply a political maneuver, but he later came to care deeply for her. Ram catches the eye of Simihit. As in the Bible, when Simihit is caught after making advances towards Ram, she tries to cover her tracks by accusing Ram of attempted rape. Amihar does not necessarily believe her. He asks Ram what happened, but Ram steadfastly defends Simihit's honor, leaving Amihar no choice but to have him thrown into prison. Simihit is deeply affected by Ram's willingness to accept prison rather than reveal her attempted infidelity and relents of her accusation, confessing the truth. After Ram's release, he becomes involved in a power struggle between the wealthy followers of Amun, chief of the traditional Egyptian pantheon, versus the oppressed followers of Aten, god of the monotheistic Atenist heresy. Although Simihit is a priestess of Amun, she is a secret convert to the Cult of Aten. Throughout these troubles, Ram is fiercely loyal to both Simihit and Amihar, and his loyalty is rewarded by his release from slavery. Over the subsequent years, he rises in stature, takes an Egyptian wife, and becomes a trusted adviser to Pharaoh. Severe famine strikes, and Joseph's brothers turn up asking for food. Ram toys with his brothers before revealing his identity, and they become reconciled. The movie ends with Ram and his family traveling back to his homeland and becoming reunited with his father.[2][3]
The Very Edge	British	drama	Cyril Frankel	Happily married couple Tracey (Anne Heywood) and architect Geofrey (Richard Todd) are expecting their first child, when one fateful day a maniac (Jeremy Brett) breaks into their home and rapes Tracey, causing her subsequent miscarriage. Unable to cope with life after the attack, Tracey starts to find all men alienating and repulsive, including her husband. Her trauma does not heal easily, and sooner rather than later, Geoffrey starts an affair with his secretary. In the meantime, Scotland Yard detective McInnes (Jack Hedley) has been unable to find the psychopath responsible for the assault, and Tracey's safety is still in question.
At Play in the Fields of the Lord	American	drama	Héctor Babenco	A pair of explorers, Lewis Moon and Wolf, become stranded in Mãe de Deus (Portuguese: Mother of God), an outpost in the deep Brazilian Amazon River basin, after their plane runs out of fuel. The local police commander wants the Niaruna tribe, living upriver, to move their village so they won't be killed by gold miners moving into the area and cause trouble for him with the provincial government. The commander cuts a deal with Moon: if he and his fellow mercenary would bomb the Niaruna village from the air and drive them away, they will be given enough gasoline for their airplane to be allowed to leave. Born-again Christian evangelist (and missionary) Martin Quarrier and his wife Hazel arrive with their son Billy, here to spread the Christian gospel to the primitive Niaruna indigenous natives. They arrive in Mãe de Deus to meet fellow missionaries Leslie and Andy Huben, who live with a Niaruna helper. In town, they meet a Catholic priest who wants to re-establish a mission to the Niarunas, as the former missionary was killed by them. Moon and Wolf leave in their plane to attack the Niaruna. But upon seeing the community with his own eyes as well as an Indian firing an arrow at the plane, Moon has second thoughts. The plane returns to Mãe de Deus. That night, after a discussion with Wolf, Quarrier and the priest, Moon takes an Indian drug and becomes hallucinatory. He takes off alone in his plane and parachutes into the Niaruna village. Moon, a half-Native American Cheyenne, aligns himself with the Niarunas. He is accepted as Kisu-Mu, one of the Niaruna gods, and begins to adapt to Niaruna life and culture. The four evangelists travel upriver to establish their mission. Indians originally converted by the Catholics turn up, awaiting the arrival of the Niaruna. Eventually they do come and accept the gifts that the Quarriers offer, not staying long. Young Billy dies of blackwater fever (a serious complication of malaria), causing Hazel to lose her sanity. She is returned to Mãe de Deus. Martin becomes despondent, arguing with Leslie and gradually losing his faith. Meanwhile, Moon encounters Andy swimming nude. After they kiss, Moon catches her cold. He returns to the Niaruna camp and inadvertently infects everyone there. Much of the tribe becomes sick. Moon and the tribe's leaders go to the missionary Leslie to beg for drugs. Leslie refuses, but Martin agrees to provide the drugs. He travels to the Niaruna village with the missionaries' young helper. In the village, after Martin speaks with Moon, helicopters arrive to begin bombing. Martin survives the bombing, but is killed by his helper soon thereafter. Moon is exposed not as a god but as a man. He runs, ending up alone.
Searchers (Maliglutit)	Canadian	drama	Zacharias Kunuk, Natar Ungalaaq	In an Inuit community, elders take note that four men, leader Kupak and followers Aulla, Tulimaaq and Timauti, are guilty of murder, lechery and not sharing food. Consequently, they are exiled from the band and left to wander the Arctic landscape. In a nearby community, Kuanana and his wife Ailla are raising children and living in their extended family. Kuanana sets out to hunt for caribou, with the elder instructing him to take the young Siku as his hunting partner, though Kuanana's son Angutii also wishes to go. While they are absent, Kupak and Aulla, longing for women, ambush Kuanana's igloo, abducting Ailla and her daughter. Kuanana and Siku return the igloo, and Kuanana is shocked to see it in ruins, and Angutii murdered. The elder, mortally wounded, tells Kuanana that men kidnapped Ailla and her daughter, and gives him a totem to summon a spirit guide, Kallulik, the loon. The elder then dies. Kuanana calls for Kallulik's help and hears the loon cry, revealing the direction his wife and daughter were taken. Kallulik and Siku set out with sled dogs and a telescope. While Ailla and her daughter resist their captors and rapists, and attempt to escape, Kupak and Aulla continue to hold them captive. Feeling a low tone in his ear, Kupak takes the ailment as a bad omen and orders Tulimaaq to see if they are being followed. Kuanana spots them by telescope, and Tulimaaq also sees Kuanana is in pursuit. Armed with a rifle, Kuanana decides he and Siku will split up, assuring Siku that he can take a passage himself. Kuanana discovers his daughter, tied up alone, and unties her and tells her to hide behind the nearby ridge; she also tips him off as to Ailla's whereabouts. Tulimaaq and Timauti are dispatched. Siku is attacked by Aulla, but coming from behind, Kuanana shoots Aulla and saves Siku. Kuanana then tells Siku to rescue his sister behind the ridge, while Kuanana himself searches for Ailla. Out of bullets, Kuanana is attacked by Kupak; they fight by hand until Ailla emerges from behind, stabbing and killing Kupak. The family is reunited.
Lathial	Bangladeshi	drama	Narayan Ghosh Mita	Dukhu Mia (Farooque) is a stage performer and his brother Kader Lathial (Anwar Hossain) works for Matbor (Obaidul Haque Sarkar). Dukhu beats Matbor's son Mokbul (A.T.M. Shamsuzzaman) for irritating Banu (Bobita) whom he loves. Matbor complains this to Kader and Kader beat Dukhu for this. This incident becomes the reason of dispute between two brothers. Dukhu leaves home at night and is found by Morol (Narayan Chakraborty) in the bank of river. Dukhu starts a new life there. Banu waits for him and finally one night he comes to meet her. By this time, Matbor sends proposal of marriage of Banu and Mokbul to Banu's father. Kader's wife (Rosy Samad) sends the news to Dukhu but he is going to claim a new river pirate. Matbor is also informed about river pirate at the wedding day. He sends Kader to claim it. Banu and Kader's wife also leaves for the new pirate to stop marrying Mokbul. Dukhu and Kader battles themselves to claim the pirate and all on a sudden Kader hits her wife who is trying to stop them. Then they stop fighting. By this time, Matbor comes and scolds Kader. Kader killed Matbor and announces the villages to own the pirate.
Deep End	British	drama	Jerzy Skolimowski	Mike (John Moulder Brown), a 15-year-old dropout, finds a job in a public bath. There he is trained by his co-worker Susan (Jane Asher), a woman ten years his senior. Susan is a tease who plays with Mike's and other men's feelings, acting sometimes warm and affectionate and other times cold and distant. Working in the bathhouse turns out to involve providing services to clients of a more or less sexual nature, in exchange for a tip. For example, an older woman (Diana Dors) is sexually stimulated by pushing Mike's head into her bosom and talking suggestively about football. Mike is confused by this and at first does not want to accept the tip he gets, but Susan tells him that these services are a normal practice, including exchange of her female clients for his male clients whenever a client prefers the opposite sex. Mike fantasizes about Susan and falls in love with her, even though she has a wealthy and handsome young fiancé, Chris (Chris Sandford). Mike also discovers that Susan is cheating on her fiancé with an older, married man (Karl Michael Vogler) who was Mike's physical education teacher and works at the baths as a swimming instructor for teenage girls, touching them inappropriately. Mike begins following Susan on her dates with Chris and the instructor and trying to disrupt them. Although Susan often gets angry at Mike for this, she provides just enough encouragement to cause him to continue the behavior. Mike's infatuation with Susan continues despite his friends mocking him, his mother being treated rudely by Susan, his bicycle being destroyed by Susan, and his activities drawing the ire of Susan's boyfriends, local police, and Mike's boss at work. Obsessed with Susan, Mike refuses other outlets for sex, such as his former girlfriend and a prostitute who offers him a discount. While following Susan on a date, Mike sees and steals a life-size advertising photo cutout of a naked girl who resembles Susan. He confronts Susan with it on the London Underground, flying into a violent tantrum in front of other passengers when Susan teasingly refuses to tell him whether she posed for the nude photo. Mike then takes the cutout to the deserted baths after hours and swims naked with it, embracing it. The next morning, Mike disrupts the instructor's foot race and punctures the tyres of the instructor's car while Susan is driving it. Susan gets mad and hits Mike, in the process losing the diamond from her new engagement ring in the snow. Anxious to find the lost diamond, Mike and Susan collect the surrounding snow in plastic bags and take it back to the closed baths to melt it, using a lowered ceiling lamp outlet to heat an electric kettle in the empty pool. While Susan is briefly out of the room, Mike finds the diamond in the melted snow, and lies down naked in the dry pool with the diamond on his tongue. He teases Susan by refusing to give her the diamond until she undresses. She does so, he gives her the diamond and she is about to leave, but she reconsiders and lies down next to him. They have a sexual encounter, although it is not clear whether Mike is able to perform. Chris then telephones and Susan rushes around the empty pool hurriedly gathering her clothes to go and meet him. Mike begs her to stay and talk to him, but Susan insists she has to leave. Meanwhile an attendant has arrived, who, unaware of the presence of Mike and Susan, opens the valve to start filling the dry pool with water. Mike becomes more insistent, chasing Susan around the rapidly filling pool, and finally hitting her in the head with the ceiling lamp, severely injuring her. She falls (along with a tin of red paint that resembles blood) into the water of the pool. Mike embraces the dying, nude Susan underwater, just as he embraced the photo cutout.
Love Field	American	drama	Jonathan Kaplan	In November 1963, Dallas housewife Lurene Hallett (Michelle Pfeiffer) is obsessed with First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy. Lurene feels a special connection with Jackie through her own loss of a child. Knowing that President John F. Kennedy and his wife will be visiting Dallas, Lurene travels to Love Field Airport to try to catch a glimpse of the couple as they arrive by plane on November 22, 1963. Driving away a few hours later, she notices a quiet chaos developing, and discovers that the President has been assassinated. Lurene leaves her car in the middle of the street and rushes to watch the news through a store window. Lurene's anguish over the death of John F. Kennedy reflects the collective grief of the nation over this tragedy. Ignoring her overbearing husband Ray (Brian Kerwin), she travels by bus to attend the funeral in Washington, D.C. Much to the chagrin of the black patrons on the bus, Lurene talks constantly of the assassination during the bus ride. During her journey, she befriends Jonell (Stephanie McFadden), the young black daughter of Paul Cater (Dennis Haysbert). After the bus has an accident, Lurene notices wounds on Jonell's body. Lurene senses something is wrong, suspects Paul and calls the FBI to report that there has been a kidnapping. Moments after her well-intentioned interference, Paul explains that Jonell's wounds are from an orphanage that he rescued her from and he is indeed her real father. Nevertheless, Lurene's FBI call leads the three of them on an increasingly difficult road trip across America with both the police and Ray in pursuit.[2] Over the course of the film Lurene and Paul develop a deep relationship, leading to a one-night sexual encounter. The police eventually catch Paul and Lurene, and Paul is sentenced to a year in jail. The movie then flashes forward to 1964 (as indicated by a Lyndon Johnson-Hubert Humphrey campaign poster attached to a tree) to show Lurene visiting Jonell in a foster home where she has been staying. It is evident that Lurene has been visiting Jonell regularly. In one scene, Lurene explains to Jonell that her father is coming back to take her home later that day. As Lurene leaves the group home, Paul arrives to pick up Jonell. The two stop to talk and Lurene informs Paul that she and Ray are divorced. Paul and Lurene hug and Lurene drives away. In the concluding scene of the film, Lurene turns her car around and rushes back into the group home to join Paul and Jonell.
The Edge of the World	British	drama	Michael Powell	The film begins with a yacht passing by the remote island of Hirta (see note in Production below). The yachtsman (played by the director, Michael Powell) finds it strange that the island looks deserted, when a book he carries mentions that it should be inhabited. His crewman Andrew Gray (Niall MacGinnis) tells him that his book is outdated and the island is indeed uninhabited now. Andrew tries to dissuade the yachtsman from landing, but he decides to do so anyway. After landing, they find a gravestone on the edge of a cliff, and Andrew, who turns out to be a former islander on Hirta, starts to reminisce. The remainder of the film is his flashback. Andrew's friend Robbie Manson (Eric Berry) wants to leave the island and explore the wider world. Robbie's sister, Ruth Manson (Belle Chrystall), is Andrew's sweetheart, and the young couple are quite willing to stay. Robbie tells Ruth and Andrew that he is engaged to a Norwegian girl called Polly, whom he had met in a brief period working outside Hirta, and intends to announce that to the other islanders on the next day at the men's assembly, the parliament. Robbie's father, Peter Manson (John Laurie), is determined to stay, while Andrew's father, James Gray (Finlay Currie), suspects that their way of life cannot last much longer. But if Robbie leaves, that will make it harder for the others because there will be one less young man to help with the fishing and the crofting. Moreover, Robbie not only intends to leave but also to propose the other islanders to do the same and evacuate Hirta. Andrew opposes that and, given the divided opinions and lack of consensus in the parliament, they decide to settle the issue with a race up a dangerous cliff without safety ropes. Andrew wins the race and Robbie falls off the cliff to his death. Ridden with guilt and shunned by Ruth's father, who will now not give permission for their marriage, Andrew decides to leave the island for Lerwick on the Shetland Mainland. Unbeknownst to Andrew, Ruth is pregnant with his child. She gives birth to a girl months after he leaves and, since the mail boat only comes once a year, Andrew cannot be told of the news. The islanders send off drift wood caskets with letters to Andrew. Luckily, one of them is caught by the captain of a fishing trawler on which Andrew is about to be employed as a crewman. Andrew arrives on Hirta on the trawler amid a fierce gale, just in time to take Ruth and his newborn daughter to the mainland, as the baby is dying from diphtheria and needs a life-saving tracheotomy. They succeed in saving the girl's life and Andrew decides that since Ruth and the baby are now safe, they are not going back to Hirta. The near death of Ruth's baby, plus the fact that the island's crops are failing, and peat is almost depleted and will only last to provide fuel for one more winter, are the final straws, and the islanders decide to evacuate to the mainland. Peter Manson reluctantly signs the petition for the government to assist in their evacuation and resettlement. As the island is being evacuated, Peter decides to go after a guillemot's egg, for which a collector had promised to pay five pounds. The egg can be found in a nest on a steep cliff, which Peter climbs down tied to a rope. As he is climbing back up, the rope frays and Peter falls to his death. His gravestone is placed on the edge of the cliff and it was the one found by the yachtsman in the initial scenes.
Jacqueline	British	drama	Roy Ward Baker	Steel worker Mike McNeil's drinking spirals out of control when he loses his job due to vertigo at the Belfast shipyard. But his devoted young daughter Jacqueline vows to help him. She attempts to persuade a tough land-owner to give her troubled dad another chance.[1]
A Question of Adultery	British	drama	Don Chaffey	Racing car driver Mark Loring, the heir to the Loring fortune complements his competitive spirit with jealousy of his wife Mary. Enraged by the attention shown to her by a fan during an evening at a restaurant, the couple is greeted by longtime friends of Mark's family, who invites them to join them at their table. Mark declines, but relents by saying, just one drink. After divulging to Mary that Mark's mother was a singer who walked out on the family when Mark was a baby, Mrs. Duncan's asks Mary (who, too, was a singer), to sing a favorite old song. Mark tells Mary not to, and that he won't have it, but she defies Mark and does. Miffed, Mark purposely does not light Mary's cigarette, upon which she retaliates by leaning over exposing her cleavage to Mr Duncan, who delightedly obliges. Seconds later, Mary runs to the beach and Mark follows. He asks her what the devil is she trying to do to him, and proceeds to make angry and fiery love to her. After reconciliation from the night before, Mark, once again becomes jealous when Mary receives a call from her fan who wants to return her dropped glove form the previous day's race. Mark pouts, that he doesn't care to share her, he never seems to have her to himself, and there's always something--somebody. With that, Mark decides to whisk American Mary away home, to London. During their drive, Mary tells Mark that she is going to have baby, and Mark replies, ours, I hope. Mary slaps Mark and they get into an accident. While recovering in separate rooms, Mark's father tells him that Mary lost their unborn child; the doctor informs Mary that Mark is sterile. When the couple comes together, they console each other, however, Mark is unaware of his condition. Mark's father anticipates and hopes the affair will end, and attempts to buy Mary off. But she holds firm and tells Sir John she's not for sale, that she and her husband needs to be alone, and what Mark doesn't know is that his father is the enemy. Mary learns that Mark's father later revealed that he was sterile when Mary tells Mark she wants a baby. She comes up with the idea of artificial insemination and attempts to resolve their difficulties by travelling with Mark to a clinic in Switzerland. Soon pregnant, and though Mark had initially agreed, he becomes alienated from the idea when he thinks Mary is having an affair with a local skier who helps Mary to his cabin when she injures her ankle on the ski slopes. Returning to London alone, Mark and his father Sir John Loring take Mary to court for divorce on the charge of artificial insemination being a case of adultery. Undeterred, Mary decides to fight to preserve the reputation of her unborn child, and to confirm why another child would bring the two closer together; she only wanted her husband love—although the prosecution cried material benefit to Mrs. Lording. During proceedings Mary's attorney encouraged her to continue when she wanted to quit. He needed her permission to re-examine her husband's character (jealousy). Upon cross, Mark's personality was brought into cler view; establishing that he didn't like Mary being civil, accepting a light from a friend, singing in a nightclub or offers of hospitality when there was no other alternative. It was established that Mark was jealous from the very outset of the marriage and that the divorce proceedings were motivated purely and simply by his unreasonable and uncontrollable jealousy. Mark was also reminded that he made a spectacle of his wife during the Iberian Gran Prix, when, at the Hotel Playa, he forced himself on his wife while other eyes were watching from a terrace overlooking the public beach—even though he was aware, yet his wife unwilling. Mark's actions were further put on trial when it was noted that he told his wife he would make up their loss of the baby, that he signed a document agreeing to wife's treatment of artificial insemination—but later changed his mind (without saying so), and he made love to her after she first told him she was pregnant. This proved he condoned and accepted her condition. Sir John was also cross examined about his feelings and objections (similar to those he felt of his former wife) toward his son's show-biz, theater, singer wife. And it was uncovered that a bribe was offered. Sir John claimed he was protecting his son by informing him of his sterility, his passing infatuation with his wife, and the protection of the Loring Estate. In deep contemplation after the senior Loring's testimony, Mark exited the coutroom for a cigarette without a word to his father. Dr. Cameron's was next to defend his position. The prosecution's claim of technical adultery by artificial insemination was struck down as not being adultery at all. Producing a baby artificially via test tube and not another via intercourse was not the same as adultery. Moreover, the definition of adultery also negated the very act of which Mary was accused. In the end, Mark stands up to his father, finally realizing he's made a mess of his marriage and recognizes his father as the controlling figure who plays God. He walks out telling his father there will be no more dinners. Back at court, Dieter offers his assistance to Mary, if ever in need. Mark and Mary meet while waiting the decision and tells her, he will always love her. The verdict could not be read, as the jurors could never agree. Mark refuses a retrial and says he was completely wrong and should never have brought it. Through his attorney, Mark begs the court's indulgence, apologizes for the trouble he has caused, withdrawals the charges, and ask the judge to dismiss the petition. The response: I find this an imminently most satisfactory ending.Closing shot with Mark waiting for and receiving her as they walk together with Strange Affair playing in the background.
Yawm Said (Happy Day)	Egyptian	drama	Mohammed Karim	Abdel Wahab plays the role of a young man who is unlucky to be fired from his job. He meets a beautiful lady and falls in love with her. The lady's parents do not approve of the man. The young man earns a good reputation and becomes famous and a rich lady, secretly having a crush for him, asks him for music lessons, only to get closer to him. The rich lady discovers that he is in love with another woman and tries to ruin their relationship, but fails and the lovers remain together. After what happens, the lady's parents are convinced of the man's loyalty and love so they accept him as her husband.
Dirt	Chinese	drama	Guan Hu	The film follows a nurse, Ye Tong (Kong Lin), who also serves as the film's narrator. One day, Ye Tong reunites with some childhood friends, including Peng Wei, a disillusioned and long-haired young man who leads a local rock band. Ye finds herself attracted to Peng Wei's lifestyle, despite the admonitions of her police officer friend, Zheng Weidong. When Zheng is injured by a mutual friend, Ye finds herself increasingly attracted to the strait-laced Zheng, while also finding herself attracted to Peng.
Ebbie	American	drama	George Kaczender	The title character is businesswoman Elizabeth Ebbie Scrooge, played by Lucci. Ebbie has never appreciated Christmas, and has been rotten to the holidays. She doesn't give to the needy, doesn't care about her employees at Dobson's (the store she owns), and most of all, she works on Christmas. One night, the ghost of her partner, Jake Marley (counterpart to Dickens' Jacob Marley character, played here by Jeffrey DeMunn), haunts her. She is soon brought back to a deserted Dobson's, where the Ghosts of Christmas Past (Jennifer Clement and Nicole Parker) show her the Christmases she has celebrated. They take her to a very significant Christmas when her sister Francine (Molly Parker) died after nearly miscarrying her niece due to toxemia of pregnancy (Ebbie believes that Francine would have survived had Ebbie not left her alone to attend a party); it is also the Christmas she met her soon-to-be boyfriend Paul (Ron Lea). They show her many other Christmases, including another grim one when Paul leaves her when she chooses to care more about her job than about them as a couple, when she and Marley take over Dobson's, and finally, the previous year, when Jake Marley died. The Ghost of Christmas Present (Lorena Gale) shows her the life of her assistant Roberta Cratchet (Wendy Crewson), her daughter Martha (Laura Harris) and her son Tiny Tim (Taran Noah Smith). Next, she sees the party that she is invited to every year by her niece (also Molly Parker), but has always declined; everyone toast Ebbie, but her niece does not drink (the reason being that she is pregnant). She sees Paul and his wife and children, and Ignorance and Poverty in the form of feral homeless children, while the ghost shoves all of her harsh words back at her. Then, the Ghost of Christmas Future shows her many terrible futures, including one where Tiny Tim has died, one where Dobson's is shut down, and one where she herself dies in a hospital flat broke after being hit by a car and nobody comes to see her. After the experience, Ebbie becomes a better person. She is shown the next morning, where she bids good morning to the doorman, and he is surprised. She also orders a large turkey for the Cratchets, donates money for the poor children, buys a coat for a homeless woman (Elan Ross Gibson) and offers her a job, gives Rita a raise (so Rita no longer needs to work her second job), gives a better job to Roberta, and finally attends the party her niece has been inviting her to. The movie ends with Ebbie at the Cratchets' house, eating dinner with them.
The Long Walk Home	American	drama	Richard Pearce	The film was expanded as a feature. Set in Montgomery, Alabama, United States, during the 1955 Montgomery Bus Boycott, it features Whoopi Goldberg as Odessa Cotter, an African-American woman who works as a maid/nanny for Miriam Thompson, a well-to-do white woman played by Sissy Spacek. Odessa and her family confront typical issues faced by African Americans in the South at the time: poverty, racism, segregation, and violence. The black community has begun a widespread boycott of the city-owned buses to end segregation; Odessa takes on a long walk both ways to work. Miriam Thompson offers to give her a ride two days a week to ensure she gets to work on time and to lessen the fatigue her “long walk home” is causing. Around the city, some informal carpools and other systems are starting, but most of the blacks walk to work. As the boycott continues, tensions rise in the city. Blacks had been the majority riders on the city-owned buses, and the system is suffering financially. Miriam's decision to support Odessa by giving her a ride becomes an issue with her husband, Norman Thompson (Dwight Schultz), and other prominent members of the white community who want the boycott to end. Miriam has to choose between what she believes is right or succumb to pressure from her husband and friends. After a fight with her husband, Miriam decides to follow her heart. She becomes involved in a carpool group to help other black workers like Odessa. In the film's final scene, Miriam and her daughter Mary Catherine (Lexi Randall), who is the narrator of the story in flashback, join Odessa and the other protesters in standing against oppression.
Nell	American	drama	Michael Apted	When stroke victim Violet Kellty dies in her isolated cabin in the North Carolina mountains, Dr. Jerome Jerry Lovell, the town doctor, finds a terrified young woman hiding in the house rafters. She speaks angrily and rapidly, but seems to have a language of her own. Looking at Violet's Bible, Jerry finds a note asking whoever finds it to look after Violet's daughter Nell. Sheriff Todd Peterson shows Jerry a news clipping that Nell was conceived through rape. Jerry seeks the help of Dr. Paula Olsen, a researcher working with autistic children. Paula and her colleague Dr. Alexander Al Paley are interested in studying a wild child (feral child), and Al continues calling Nell this even after studying films showing that Nell does not fit the wild child profile. Paula and Al get a court order to institutionalize Nell for further study. Jerry hires lawyer Don Fontana and prevents it. The judge gives Jerry and Paula three months to interact with Nell and discover her needs. Paula shows up on a houseboat with electronic equipment to monitor Nell's behavior while Jerry chooses to stay in Nell's cabin and quietly observe. Paula discovers that Nell's seemingly indecipherable language is English, based partly on her mother's aphasic speech after a stroke, and partly on the secret language she shared with her decades-deceased identical twin sister. Jerry and Paula begin a grudging friendship. Nell sleeps during the day or works inside her home and is active outdoors only after sunset. She explains to Jerry that her mother told her about the rape and warned her that men were evildoers. As Nell comes to trust Jerry, she sees him as a friend, the gah'inja her mother promised would come. Jerry later realizes that gah'inja is Nell's phrase for guardian angel. Using popcorn as an incentive, Jerry is able to lead Nell outside and into the sun. Nell leads Jerry and Paula to the decayed remains of her identical twin sister, May, who died in a fall while the two were playing in the woods. Mike Ibarra, a reporter, learns of Nell's existence and visits her cabin. Nell is curious of the visitor at first, but when he snaps a photo, the flash frightens Nell. Jerry arrives and throws the reporter out. Paula believes that Nell would be safer in a hospital, while Jerry feels that Nell should be left alone and allowed to live as she pleases. The two decide that Nell should be shown a little of the world, and they make the decision to bring Nell into town. While in town, Nell befriends Mary, Todd's depressed wife, but also encounters some raunchy boys in a pool hall until Jerry gets her out. With increased intrusion by the press, Jerry and Paula take Nell to a hospital for her protection. There, Nell becomes extremely despondent and unresponsive. Jerry removes her from the hospital and hides her in a hotel. Paula joins him, and the two admit that they love each other. At the court hearing the next day, Al, who wants to study Nell in a controlled environment, delivers his opinion that Nell has Asperger syndrome and belongs in an institution. Nell then comes forward and, with Jerry interpreting, speaks for herself. Five years later, Jerry and Paula bring their daughter, Ruthie, to visit Nell in her house. It is Nell's birthday, and friends surround her.
Saturday Night and Sunday Morning	British	drama	Karel Reisz	Arthur Seaton is a young machinist at the Raleigh bicycle factory in Nottingham. He is determined not to be tied down to living a life of domestic drudgery like the people around him, including his parents, whom he describes as dead from the neck up. He spends his wages at weekends on drinking and having a good time. Arthur is having an affair with Brenda, the wife of an older colleague. He also begins a more traditional relationship with Doreen, a beautiful single woman closer to his age. Doreen, who lives with her mother and aspires to be married, avoids Arthur's sexual advances, so he continues to see Brenda as a sexual outlet. Brenda becomes pregnant by Arthur, and demands his help in terminating the unwanted pregnancy (as abortion was not legal in Britain at the time of the film). Arthur takes her to see his Aunt Ada for advice; when his aunt's method of having Brenda sit in a hot bath and drink gin does not work, Arthur provides Brenda with the name of a doctor who performs illegal abortions. However, Brenda decides that she will keep the child after all, and suffer the consequences. Brenda's husband Jack finds out about her pregnancy and her affair with Arthur, and enlists the help of his brother and a fellow soldier to chase Arthur down through a town fairground (where he has taken Doreen on a date) and give him a severe beating. Arthur is trapped on an amusement ride as the two soldiers menacingly stand and wait for him. When he escapes the ride, he is caught and beaten. Arthur spends a week recovering and is visited by Doreen; they later have sex. After recovering, Arthur returns to work, and realises his affair with Brenda is finished after her husband tells him to stay away from Brenda. Arthur decides to marry Doreen. The film ends with Arthur and Doreen discussing the prospect of a new home together, with Arthur showing that he still has mixed feelings about settling down into domestic life.
The High Command	British	drama	Thorold Dickinson	This is the improbable tale of an English officer who murders a man in Ireland for chivalrous reasons. Years later, he has risen to the rank of Major-General, and is stationed in West Africa. There, his old crime is discovered, and he allows himself to be murdered rather than involve his daughter in his own disgrace.[2]
The Long Memory	British	drama	Robert Hamer	Phillip Davidson (John Mills) boards a boat and embraces Fay Driver (Elizabeth Sellars). Then he goes down below to try to convince her father, Captain Driver, not to involve Fay in his criminal activity. However, Boyd (John Chandos) brings aboard Delaney (a man he has agreed to smuggle out of the country) and two henchmen. When Boyd demands that Delaney pay him £500, rather than £200, a fight erupts, and Boyd knocks Delaney out. A broken oil lamp starts a fire, attracting the attention of the authorities, and Davidson is fished out of the water. A charred corpse is found in the sunken boat. The Drivers and Tim Pewsey perjure themselves by identifying the dead man as Boyd, rather than Delaney, and claiming there was no other man present. This leads to Davidson's conviction for Boyd's murder. Granted leniency, he spends 12 years in prison. Upon his release, he sets out to get even with the witnesses. He is kept under surveillance by the police on the orders of Superintendent Bob Lowther (John McCallum), who is now married to Fay. Davidson finds an abandoned barge claimed by Jackson, a kindly old hermit. His plan is to live rough on the barge while he searches for the witnesses. But three people attempt – initially unsuccessfully – to befriend him. First, Jackson withdraws an initial request for rent. Then Craig, a newspaperman who suspects him to be innocent, arrives; Davidson throws him out, but Craig tumbles down an open hatch and is knocked unconscious, and Davidson rescues him. Finally he happens upon a sailor attempting to rape Ilse, a traumatised wartime refugee; when he rescues her and allows her to stay on the barge, she falls in love with him. Informed by Craig that Captain Driver had died four years earlier, Davidson stalks Pewsey, with Lowther and Craig on his trail. Pewsey is frightened into confessing to Lowther that there was another man present at the murder. Now Lowther's marriage comes under increasing tension as he considers the possibility of his wife's perjury. Finally, she confesses she did lie to protect her father. Lowther tells her that she will have to turn herself in and he will have to resign. She asks for time, and goes to see George Berry, who turns out to be Boyd. She asks him for money and they plan to leave the country together. Ilse pleads with Davidson to give up his dream of revenge and start a new life with her. He confronts Fay in her home, realizes Ilse was right, and walks away. However, by sheer chance, he is then hired to deliver an urgent letter to Berry. Davidson confronts Boyd in his office, they fight, and then Davidson stops fighting and walks away again. It is time for Boyd to meet Fay at London Waterloo station, but he pursues Davidson and shoots him in the arm. When Fay realises Boyd is not coming, she attempts suicide by jumping in front of an oncoming tube train, but is stopped by others also on the platform. She leaves with police sent by her husband after he read her farewell note. Davidson flees to the barge, but Boyd is waiting for him. After a chase, Boyd is about to kill Davidson when he is shot dead by Jackson. Ilse and Davidson refuse further help from the police, leaving to deal with their pasts together.
Lajja	Bengali	drama	Dayal Acharya	In Ayodhya, in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India, on 6 December 1992, Babri Masjid is demolished. The demolition has repercussions in Bangladesh. The fire of communal rioting erupts, and the Dutta family feels and faces the heat of the communal hatred. Each member of the family feels about this in his/her own way. Sudhamoy, the patriarch, feels that Bangladesh, his motherland, shall never let him down. Kiranmayee as a faithful wife stands by her husband’s views. Suranjan, their son, believes that nationalism will be stronger than communalism but is progressively disappointed. He finds himself adopting communal reactions that contrast entirely with the ideology of patriotism he has always had faith in. Nilanjana curses her brother’s apathy and coaxes his brother to take the family to a Muslim friend’s house for safety. It is a story of metamorphosis, in which disastrous events create disillusionment, resulting in violence and resentment.
Sabotage	British	drama	Alfred Hitchcock	Suddenly, London goes dark and loses all of its electricity. There is commotion at a cinema, with people demanding their money back. The owner of the cinema, Karl Verloc (Oscar Homolka), enters through a back entrance to the living quarters above, and pretends to have been asleep and not know anything of the blackout. His wife, Mrs. Verloc (Sylvia Sidney) comes to get him and is surprised to see him, but he informs her that he had been sleeping the entire time. He instructs his wife to return the money to the customers -- against her protests -- because he has some money coming in. As the money is about to be disbursed to the customers downstairs, the lights go back on. It is revealed that sand was put in the boilers as an act of sabotage on London's electricity grid. The next day, Verloc meets with his contact and it is revealed that he is part of a gang of terrorists from an unnamed European country who are planning a series of attacks in London, though their exact motives are not made clear. Verloc's contact is disappointed that the newspapers mocked the short loss of electricity, and instructs Verloc to place a parcel of fireworks at the Piccadilly London Underground station. Verloc tells the contact that he is not comfortable with any act that would cause the loss of life. Meanwhile, Scotland Yard suspects Verloc's involvement in the plot and assigns Detective Sergeant Ted Spencer (John Loder) to investigate Verloc. Spencer is initially undercover as a greengrocer's helper next to the cinema, and befriends Mrs. Verloc and her little brother, Stevie (Desmond Tester), who lives with them, by treating them to a fancy dinner. At this point, Spencer and Scotland Yard are unsure whether Mrs. Verloc is complicit in the terrorist plots or merely innocently unaware. Verloc goes to a bird shop to meet his contact, who is actually a bomb-maker. The contact tells Verloc the time and place of where he must deliver the bomb -- all Verloc has to do is place the bomb at the Tube station on Saturday, as it is a time bomb that will already be set to explode at 1:45 PM that day. Later that night, the associates of the terrorist group are having a meeting in Verloc's living room above the cinema. Detective Spencer attempts to eavesdrop on the conversation, but he is found. His cover is blown by one of the terrorist associates, and Verloc realizes that the police are investigating him. The meeting ends abruptly and the members scatter, worried that they are all being followed. Verloc tells his wife the police are investigating him, and he confirms with the greengrocer that Spencer was with Scotland Yard. The next day, the canaries are delivered to Verloc -- a present for Stevie -- and the bomb is located within their cage. Detective Spencer shows up with Stevie and tells Mrs. Verloc of Scotland Yard's suspicions that he is involved in sabotage. Verloc sees his wife and Spencer talking, and becomes nervous. Before Spencer comes to question Verloc, he tells Stevie to deliver a film canister to the cloak room under Piccadilly Circus, but Stevie is unknowingly carrying the time bomb for Verloc. Stevie is delayed by several events, including The Lord Mayor's Show procession. Stevie manages to talk himself aboard a bus, even though it is forbidden to transport flammable nitrocellulose film on public vehicles. The bomb explodes while Stevie is still aboard the bus. Verloc confesses to his wife but blames Scotland Yard and Spencer for Stevie's death, saying that they were the ones who prevented Verloc from successfully carrying out the bomb delivery himself. Soon afterwards, as Verloc and his wife are preparing to eat dinner, she stabs him to death with a knife. When Spencer arrives to arrest Verloc he realizes what has happened, but insists that she shouldn't admit that she stabbed her husband. Nevertheless, she starts to confess to a police inspector. Meanwhile, at this very moment, the terrorist bomb maker sneaks into Verloc's flat to retrieve the birdcage that had been used to deliver the bomb out of fear that it might incriminate him. The police surround the building, and just as Mrs. Verloc blurts out that her husband is dead, the bomb-maker detonates a bomber-coat he wears in the event he is about to be caught. The explosion destroys all evidence of the death and confuses the inspector about whether it was before or after the explosion that she told him, My husband is dead!
Nahr al-Hob (The River of Love)	Egyptian	drama	Ezzel Dine Zulficar	Taher Pasha (Zaki Rostom), a wealthy and powerful man, falls in love with Nawal (Faten Hamama) and decides to marry her. She accepts in order to save her brother from jail due to unpaid debts. After their wedding, Nawal's life turns into a miserable one, living lonely in the Pasha's house. She gets pregnant and gives birth to her only child. A young military officer named Khalid (Omar Sharif) falls in love with Nawal, who returns his love.[1][2] For months the lovers keep their relationship a secret, until Taher Pasha finds out that his wife might be having an affair. She faces her tyrant husband and demands a divorce, but he refuses. Nawal's brother threatens to publicly revealing Taher's wrongdoings and transgressions to the press if he won't divorce Nawal. Nawal travels with Khalid to Lebanon. Taher Pasha sends some of his people to spy on her and receives pictures clearly showing Nawal with Khalid. Furious, Taher divorces her and keeps custody of their child. Khalid dies in a battle in the war. Nawal returns to Egypt and tries to get her child back, but fails. Despairing and devastated, Nawal commits suicide by binding herself to a railroad.[1][2]
Swing Kids	American	drama	Thomas Carter	In Hamburg in 1939, Peter Müller and Thomas Berger join their friends Arvid and Otto at a swing club called the Bismarck. They have a good time, dancing and enjoying the music. Peter goes home to find his mother in an argument with the Nazi Blockleiter (block leader). Herr Knopp, head of the local Gestapo, arrives and curtly dismisses the Blockleiter. Herr Knopp begins asking Frau Müller questions about some of her late husband's friends. Herr Müller had been accused of being a communist, and was irreparably damaged by an interrogation at the hands of Nazi agents. At Arvid's house, Thomas accidentally ruins one of Arvid's prized records. Upset, Arvid kicks Thomas, Peter and Otto out. To apologize to Arvid, Peter and Thomas steal a radio (which Peter knows was stolen from a ransacked Jewish home) from a bakery. Thomas escapes, but Peter is caught. Herr Knopp, who is attracted to Peter's mother, intercedes for him; in return, Peter must enroll in the Hitlerjugend (HJ). Peter, who has a job delivering books, is asked to spy on his boss, whom the Nazis suspect is working against the Reich. In HJ school, the boys are encouraged to spy on their friends and families. Thomas accuses his father of insulting Hitler, hoping to cause trouble for him, but is unnerved when the Nazis come to his home and take his father away. His subsequent attempts to resume his friendship with Peter and persuade him to collaborate with the Nazis are tinged with fear. Arvid, who is working at a jazz club, refuses to play a German song, lashing out at the club's patrons for being blind to the Nazi agenda. Peter is sympathetic but Thomas loudly argues the Nazi side. Peter angrily proclaims Thomas to be a fucking Nazi and storms off. As time goes on, Arvid realizes there is nothing for him in Germany and commits suicide. As Thomas begins to believe fully in Nazi ideology, Peter feels as though there is no hope for him. Peter, disenchanted with how his life is coming apart, dresses up and goes to a swing club which is scheduled to be raided by members of the Hitlerjugend (HJ). As Thomas begins assaulting the club's patrons he attacks Peter; however, during the fight Peter is able to reach Thomas. Thomas begs Peter to run away but Peter won't. Willie Müller is there and as Peter is driven away by the police, he loudly screams Swing Heil! over and over again, proud that his brother stood up for being a swing kid.
Georgy Girl	British	drama	Silvio Narizzano	Georgina Parkin (Lynn Redgrave) is a 22-year-old Londoner who has considerable musical talent, is well educated, and has an engaging if shameless manner. On the other hand, she believes herself to be plain, slightly overweight, dresses haphazardly, and is incredibly naïve on the subjects of love and flirtation; she has never had a boyfriend. She has an inventive imagination and loves children. Her parents are the live-in employees of successful businessman James Leamington (James Mason). Leamington is 49 and has a loveless, childless marriage with Ellen (Rachel Kempson, Lynn Redgrave's real life mother). He has watched with affection as Georgy grew up, and has treated her as if he were her second father: he provided for her education, and for a studio in his own home in which she teaches dance to children. As Georgy has become a young woman, however, his feelings for her have become more than fatherly: James offers Georgy a legal contract, proposing to supply her with the luxuries of life in return for her becoming his mistress. Georgy sidesteps his proposal by never giving him a direct response; Leamington's business-like language and manner (and awkward inability to express any affection for her) leave her cold. Georgy's flatmate is the beautiful Meredith (Charlotte Rampling), who works as a violinist in an orchestra, but is otherwise a shallow woman who lives for her own hedonistic pleasures. She treats the meekly compliant Georgy like an unpaid servant. When Meredith discovers that she is pregnant by her boyfriend Jos Jones (Alan Bates), they get married. She tells him bluntly that she has already aborted two of his children, but she wants to marry because she's bored. Jos moves in with the two young women. He becomes disillusioned with Meredith and begins to find himself attracted to Georgy, who convinces Leamington to buy several expensive items for the baby's care. While in the midst of an argument with Meredith over her cavalier attitude to her pregnancy, Jos suddenly kisses Georgy and tells her that he loves her. Georgy flees the apartment onto the streets of London, where Jos follows her, screaming over and over again that he loves her as he pursues her. The two return to the flat, where they consummate their new found love, after which there is a knock at the flat door by a friend of Meredith who tells them that Meredith has gone to the hospital to give birth. Jos and Georgy go to the hospital, where Georgy tries to comfort Meredith while she is in labour. Jos and Georgy's [secret] love affair continues. Meredith gives birth to a daughter named Sara. Since she has no interest in the baby, and is tired of Jos, she announces that she plans to put the child up for adoption and divorce her husband. Georgy and Jos set up home together in the flat, caring for baby Sara and living as a common-law married couple. It soon becomes clear that Georgy cares more for the baby than for having an adult relationship with Jos. Their relationship ends when Jos tires of a father's responsibilities, and abandons her and the baby. Now that Georgy is the sole caregiver of a baby to whom she has no blood ties, Social Services wish to remove baby Sara from her care. In the meantime, Leamington's wife has died. Leamington, who was unable to express his true feelings for Georgy while his wife lived, now finds himself free to express his love for her and proposes marriage. Georgy accepts because this will allow her to keep Sara. The two marry despite the difference in their backgrounds and ages and officially adopt Sara, making Georgy a mother. As the newlyweds are chauffeured away from their wedding, Georgy ignores her new husband, focusing on Sara.
Yaraana	Bollywood	drama	Rakesh Kumar	Kishan and Bishan are childhood friends. Kishan is an orphan, but is self-sufficient and hard-working, while Bishan comes from an affluent background. The friendship between the two is extremely strong and is the bane of Bishan's uncle, who has his eyes on his widowed sister's wealth. In a bid to separate the two friends, the uncle manipulates his sister into sending Bishan away to the city and then abroad for further education. When the two friends re-unite years later, Bishan (Amjad Khan) discovers that Kishan (Amitabh Bachchan) has a great voice. Bishan is now a successful businessman and he wants to promote Kishan's singing talent. Kishan goes to the city with his friend, where Bishan asks Komal (Neetu Singh) to groom him to be a performer and a gentleman. Kishan tries to get expelled from the process by being uncooperative and disruptive. In the meantime, Bishan discovers that the family wealth has been systematically looted over the last 18 years by the uncle and his son. He is forced to borrow by mortgaging his remaining assets in order to ensure that Kishan becomes a successful singer. This causes a major rift between Bishan and his wife, who is convinced that Kishan will turn his back on his friend if he were to ever succeed. Kishan's debut concert is a huge success and he goes on to donate the proceeds of his earnings and consequent record deals in order to rid his friend Bishan of his many mortgages and in order to help woo his estranged sister-in-law and lovable nephew (Bishan's 10-year-old son) back into the house. Kishan proceeds to become a star and Komal (Neetu Singh) - his trainer professes her love for him. Bishan in the meanwhile falls into a conspiracy further set by his treacherous uncle (Jeevan) and cousin (Ranjeet). He is kidnapped alongside several hostages - primarily children on his shipping vessel, brainwashed, tortured and forced to sign a confession that all the misdeeds have been done by him. Bishan loses his mental stability and goes into shock. He is then thrown into an asylum after he has a breakdown and experiences amnesia. Kishan pretends to be mentally ill and admits himself into the asylum by tricking the authorities and saves his friend by reviving his memory successfully by feeding him rotis as he used to when they were children. The climax follows the typical action confrontation formula reminiscent of films in that era where there are big explosions and the heroes single-handedly take on hordes of goons. The movie ends with the children - hostages being saved, the family uniting and the treacherous mastermind (Ranjeet) being sent to jail.
Sister My Sister	British	drama	Nancy Meckler	In 1933 France, Christine (Richardson) is the maid of a well-to-do middle-aged widow (Julie Walters) and her teenage daughter (Sophie Thursfield). Her younger sister, Lea (May) is hired on the recommendation of Christine. The two sisters become increasingly alienated from their employer, separated by barriers between the classes. With only each other to turn to and Christine experiencing much jealousy as to her sister's interest in anyone else, the relationship becomes sexual, adding to the tension between the sisters and their employer. The tension ultimately leads to paranoia, repressed rage and murder.
Under the Lighthouse Dancing	Australian	drama	Graeme Rattigan	Three couples travel to Rottnest Island near Perth, Western Australia for the weekend. One of the couples announces that they intend to get married and when the bride-to-be tells the others that she is terminally ill, they make sure the wedding takes place that weekend.
Dr. O'Dowd	British	drama	Herbert Mason	Marius O'Dowd (Shaun Glenville) is an Irish doctor who is often drunk. His daughter-in-law Moira (Pamela Wood) dies during a serious operation which O'Dowd is performing. Although O'Dowd is not to blame, his son Stephen (Liam Gaffney) suspects that Moira died due to O'Dowd operating while under the influence of alcohol, and accuses him of criminal neglect. O'Dowd consequently has his license to practice medicine taken away. Stephen also does not tell his daughter Pat (Peggy Cummins) that Marius is her grandfather, although several years later she becomes friends with Marius and works this out. Marius eventually manages to redeem himself by saving Stephen's life during an outbreak of diphtheria.[2]
The Life and Adventures of Nicholas Nickleby	British	drama	Alberto Cavalcanti	After the patriarch of the family dies and leaves them with no source of income, Nicholas Nickleby, his mother, and his younger sister Kate venture to London to seek help from their wealthy, cold-hearted uncle Ralph, an investor who arranges for Nicholas to be hired as a tutor at Dotheboys Hall in Yorkshire and finds Kate work as a seamstress. Nicholas meets Mr. Squeers just as he concludes business with Mr. Snawley, who is boarding his two unwanted stepsons. Nicholas is horrified to discover his employers, the sadistic Mr. and Mrs. Squeers, run their boarding school like a prison and physically, verbally, and emotionally abuse their young charges on a regular basis. He eventually rebels and escapes, taking with him young crippled Smike. Nicholas and Smike take lodgings with Newman Noggs. Nicholas endeavours to find a position, but rejects a low-paying position as a politician's secretary, and a job as a tutor of the French for the Kenwig daughters comes to comic disaster. He and Smike decide to search for work elsewhere. As they are leaving the city, they make the acquaintance of Madeline Bray, the sole support of her father, who gambled away his fortune and now is indebted to Nicholas's uncle. In search of food and lodging, they stop at an inn, and the proprietor introduces them to actor-manager Vincent Crummles, who owns and operates a travelling a theatrical troupe with his wife. Crummles hires them as actors and casts them in a production of Romeo and Juliet. Despite its success, Nicholas decides to return to London when he receives a letter from his uncle's valet, Newman Noggs, who urges him to come back as quickly as possible, as his uncle has put his sister in great jeopardy despite a promise by him to make certain they come to no harm. Kate has been subjected to unwanted attention from Sir Mulberry Hawk and Lord Verisopht, clients of her uncle, and when Nicholas overhears them bawdily discussing her in a tavern he is determined to defend his sister's honour. The cowardly Hawk refuses Nicholas's demand to step outside and flees, resulting in a carriage accident in which Hawk is injured. Hawk and Lord Verisopht argue over Hawk's lack of honour, and Hawk kills Lord Verisopht in a duel with pistols. Ralph Nickleby loses 6000 pounds in debt owed him, much to the delight of Noggs, who harbours a hidden desire for revenge against his employer. Nicholas finds employment as a clerk with the benevolent Cheerybles, portly twin brothers whose nephew Frank begins to court Kate. They provide him a cottage in which Nicholas can place his family and Smike, who has been accepted warmly by all. Meanwhile, Squeers returns to London, planning to capture Smike and bring him back to Dotheboys Hall, and is engaged by Ralph Nickleby to stalk Nicholas and Smike. Squeers and Mr. Snawley make off with Smike on the wishes of his father. Nicholas, aided by Noggs, intercepts them and foils the plot. Smike, severely beaten by Squeers, is nursed by Kate and falls in love with her. Nicholas meets Madeline a third time when the Cheerybles assign Nicholas to help her situation in secrecy from her father. His uncle has been trying to coerce her father into giving Ralph her hand in marriage in exchange for settlement of his debt, and Mr. Bray finally accedes. Noggs warns Nicholas, who arrives at the Bray lodgings to find Madeline, unhappily dressed in a wedding gown, awaiting her fate. In a showdown with Ralph, they discover her father dead in his bedroom after Kate reveals to Madeline the true nature of Ralph Nickleby's character. Madeline faints and Nicholas carries her away, warning Ralph to leave her alone as she is now free of all obligations. Ralph's hatred of Nicholas makes him determined to ruin him, but he is brought up short by Noggs, who has realized from the facts told him by Nicholas that Smike is actually Ralph's son, whom Ralph had Noggs take to Dotheboys. Ralph's hold over Noggs has compelled him to harbour the secret for fifteen years. Smike was sent to the Squeers after his mother's death, using a forged birth certificate, so that Ralph could keep her inheritance rather than let their child have it, as dictated by law. Further, Squeers hired Snawley to act the part of Smike's father to make his kidnapping appear legal. Noggs delights in telling Ralph that Squeers has confessed the conspiracy to the authorities, and Ralph now faces prison and financial ruin. Smike, fallen into hopelessless because Kate is in love with Frank, succumbs to his various ailments and dies just before Ralph arrives at Smike's deathbed. The police come to Ralph's house to arrest him. Ralph flees to his garret and hangs himself. True love prevails, and Nicholas and Madeline and Kate and Frank are wed.
Sammy and Rosie Get Laid	British	drama	Stephen Frears	Sammy (Ayub Khan-Din) and Rosie (Frances Barber) are a married couple, both leading a promiscuous bohemian lifestyle until Sammy's father (Shashi Kapoor) comes to visit to escape past issues.
The Glass Mountain	British	drama	Edoardo Anton, Henry Cass	Struggling composer Richard Wilder (Michael Dennison) becomes an RAF pilot in the Second World War. His aeroplane is shot down over the Italian Dolomite mountains, but he is found unconscious in the snow by Alida (Valentina Cortese). She nurses him back to health. She tells him a local legend about two lovers - one a ghost who leads her faithless partner to his doom over a precipice on the Glass Mountain. When the war ends, Richard returns to England and his loving wife Anne (Dulcie Gray). He begins composing an opera based on the legend of Dolemite, the Glass Mountain, which has begun to haunt him. On his wife's birthday, he sees a photograph of Alida on the cover of a magazine. Inside, a caption states that Alida Morisini has come to London to receive an honour. He tries to get in touch with her, but she has already left the country. From then on, he becomes more and more miserable. Anne eventually guesses he is in love with someone else; he confesses he loves Alida. Richard returns to Italy - alone - and to Alida. The Teatro La Fenice is looking for an opera for their festival, and Tito Gobbi has told them about Richard's (unfinished) one. Meanwhile, Gino, a local man in love with Alida, asks Richard to leave. When he refuses, they fight, but nothing is settled. Richard tries to break up with Alida, but she persuades him not to. Richard's opera is chosen for the festival, so he sends for his lyricist, Bruce McLeod. Bruce tries to convince Alida it is best if she and Richard part. Anne persuades her friend Charles to fly her to the premiere of Richard's La Montagna di Cristallo (The Glass Mountain) in Venice. When they pass near the real Glass Mountain, she asks Charles to show it to her. He obliges, but they crash on the mountain. The opera tells the tragic tale of Antonio and Maria. Antonio promises his beloved Maria that someday they will climb the Glass Mountain together. However, he goes away to the plain and does not return. Finally, Maria climbs the mountain alone and is never seen again. At Antonio's wedding to another woman, he hears Maria's voice and goes to the mountain to be reunited with her. He climbs and then falls to his death. Richard conducts his own work and receives a standing ovation at its conclusion. Afterward, Richard is told by Alida about Anne. He must now choose between his muse and his wife, as the mythical and modern levels of the legend coincide.[8] Alida sees that he has chosen Anne and bids him goodbye. Richard races to the mountain and insists on going out to meet the rescue party. Gino guides him. The doctor tells him that Anne is badly injured, but should recover.
An Autumn's Tale	Hong Kong	drama	Mabel Cheung	Jennifer travels to New York City with plans to study with her boyfriend, Vincent. Samuel Pang arrives at the airport with two friends, Cow and Bull to pick her up. Not comprehending with the security officer, Pang shouts welcoming Japanese phrases in hopes of getting inside. Illegally parking his car at a no-parking zone, Pang rushes his friends to escort Jennifer from the airport. Arriving at her apartment, Pang introduces Jennifer to her room. He warns her to be careful using the fridge, as it is run by gas, which is constantly leaking, but his voice is muffled by a passing train. Pang leaves letting Jennifer know that she may stamp on the floor if she needs anything, as he lives downstairs. The next day, Jennifer wakes up Pang to have him show her how to take a train to meet Vincent. Pang jokes the train station is like a labyrinth and is dangerous for a girl like her to go there by herself. He insists driving her to the train station. Waiting for Jennifer to change, he comments women are cha bo, meaning trouble. Pang ridicules Jennifer not knowing English. Waiting in the train station, she sees Vincent with Peggy. Anxiously, Jennifer attempts to hide from Vincent but is caught before she could walk out from him. Vincent did not expect to see Jennifer at the train station, or he would have not been to Boston to see a baseball game with his girlfriend. Vincent felt it was childish of Jennifer to travel to New York City to send him a box of dolls from Hong Kong. Infuriated, Jennifer walks back to the car and throws the box of dolls on the street. Later that night, Pang answers a call made by Vincent because Jennifer would not answer. He told Jennifer to meet with him for lunch at Silver Palace restaurant the next day. Coincidentally, Pang works as a busboy at the restaurant and overhears their conversations. After saving enough money, Jennifer meant to study in New York as a means to be with Vincent. Vincent tells Jennifer to explore the city and meet new people than to follow him everywhere. When he tells her this, she finds out he is leaving for Boston tomorrow. Depressed, Jennifer goes home and makes a pot of tea; the fridge is not closed properly. Pang smells gas from upstairs and investigates; he finds a passed out Jennifer. He takes her downstairs and has someone call the fire department. Seeing Jennifer lovesick for Vincent, Pang takes her out for a walk. The next day, Jennifer goes to a restaurant in Chinatown. While she eats an egg sandwich, Pang walks in and sees her too; Jennifer disregards having eye-contact with him and turns aside. Pang is about to sit with Jennifer, only to have a friend from another table call him. Pang greets them and moves toward Jennifer's table. He tries a piece of Jennifer's egg sandwich and calls a staff member over to order extra plates of food for both of them, for no extra charge. Pang helps Jennifer build a bookcase and decorate her room. She tells him she found a part-time job as a babysitter to pay for her rent, but would need second job for her tuition and other expenses. He finds her grandfather's watch, but the strap is worn. Unsure she has enough money for a watchstrap, let alone a Broadway show, Pang goes to buy tickets for her the next morning. Not knowing Jennifer was busy, he did not have a chance to tell her he had tickets for the show, he tried to sell the tickets, claiming they were for Bull, when she asked. Jennifer climbed off the bus to help Pang with the guard, but would be late for her babysitting job, so Pang insisted driving her there. He stripped the car and rebuilt it, so she would not have to hold onto the broken door. Concerned, Pang runs to her and asks why she will not go in. She is anxious and asks Pang to accompany her. Pang spent all his money and asks Cow and Bull to give him some money to gamble. Bull is reluctant to give some because he wants to save it for his new restaurant. Bull pays the gangs $400.00 each week, but is still not enough from keeping them destroying his property. Tony, one of Mrs. Sherwood's boyfriends wants to hire Jennifer as a waitress for his restaurant. Pang is suspicious of the owner, but offers to try the restaurant. Jennifer assures him it is not necessary, but would love for him to visit her there. Pang declines, with work on his mind. He later visits Jennifer, and is led to an expensive restaurant called The Big Panda. Unable to read the English menu, he has the waiter order a simple menu for him. The waiter takes advantage of this position and charges the highest-priced items onto the bill. While babysitting Anna, Tony visits Jennifer and walks with to the garden. Mrs. Sherwood recently came home and sees Tony flirting with Jennifer, and calls for her to leave immediately. Having heard Jennifer losing her babysitting job, Pang and his friends go to The Big Panda restaurant to beat up the owner. They spend their morning trying to sell her dolls for money. Walking past a vendor, Jennifer sees a watchband she likes; unfortunately it is out of her budget. At the park, she sees Vincent with Peggy but wants to flee. She asks Pang if she looks better than Peggy. Pang did not care how others looked, or how others looked at him, as long as he kept his dignity. He told Jennifer that it was his dream to open a restaurant on a pier on the beach, and name it Samuel Pang. Next morning, Samuel Pang wrote on his mirror—three commandments and five goals; one goal being If you want it, go for it, in this case Pang going for cha bo, Jennifer. Pang is holding a party, and invites Jennifer, but does not tell her it his birthday. Vincent heard she was at a party, so he talked with Jennifer the entire night. The conversation became awkward when he mentioned he broke up with Peggy. Pang, serving guests leaves because he does not think he will have a chance with Jennifer. He went drinking and gambling until Bull asks for more money to pay off the gangs. Frustrated, Pang gathered a group of friends drove in search for the gang and beat them up. Jennifer wanders in Pang's room sees a mirror written with words by him. He wrote his name, age, and birthday in English. Feeling lonely, she walks across a park and sees Anna at her school. Mrs. Sherwood sees her and invites her to move with Anna in Long Island. Pang comes back to his apartment the next morning and finds his room with a Jennifer's graduation certificate. To congratulate her, he buys the watchband as a gift. The old man did not accept his offer, so Pang sold his car for the watchband. Excited to see Jennifer with the gift, he runs to her apartment only to see Vincent helping Jennifer move furniture in his car. She gives him her address. They exchange gifts, but Pang runs after her after she leaves. Unable to catch up, he walks to a beach. He opens his gift and finds her grandfather's watch. Some time afterwards, they meet at a pier with a restaurant named Sampan. After calming himself down, Pang greets his guest by asking 'Table for two?'.
Dard Ka Rishta	Bollywood	drama	Sunil Dutt	Ravi Kant (Sunil Dutt) is a doctor who lives in New York with his wife Anuradha (Smita Patil), also a doctor. Anuradha is doing research into leukemia. Ravi is nostalgic about India and decides to return there when he receives an offer for a position as the head of surgery from Tata Memorial Hospital in Bombay. Anuradha wants to continue her research and does not want to go to India. Ravi returns to India after a divorce with Anuradha. Anuradha discovers that she is pregnant with Ravi's child but Ravi is unaware of the fact. In India, while treating one of his patients Bhardwaj, he meets his daughter Asha (Reena Roy). Just before his death, Bhardwaj is promised by Ravi that he will marry Asha. Asha and Ravi are married. Asha dies while giving birth to their daughter (Khushboo). Soon after Khushboo's eleventh birthday, she is diagnosed with leukemia. On a recommendation from a fellow doctor at Tata Memorial, Ravi takes her to a hospital in New York City where Anuradha is her doctor. To cure her cancer, Khushboo must have a bone marrow transplant from a donor with matching blood group and genes. Shashi (Anuradha's son) is found to have a perfect match and he donates the marrow. Ravi discovers that Shashi is the son of him and Anuradha. In the final scene, everyone comes together at the airport when Ravi, Khusboo and Shashi are coming to India. Anuradha joins them as well.
The Fallen Idol	British	drama	Carol Reed	The film is told through the naive eyes of a diplomat's young son, Philippe, who idolizes his father's butler, Baines. Baines has invented a heroic persona to keep the boy entertained, and often tells him stories of his exotic and daring adventures in Africa and elsewhere, stories such as putting down a native uprising single-handed, killing a man in self-defense, shooting lions and so on. In reality, the butler has never been to Africa and is stuck in a loveless marriage, while dreaming of happiness with a younger woman (who he tells Philippe is his niece after the boy finds them together). After Baines has an argument with his betrayed wife, she accidentally falls from a landing to her death. However, Philippe believes that he has seen Baines murder her. The boy desperately and clumsily attempts to protect his hero when the police investigate, but his efforts only lead Baines deeper into trouble.
Sutradhar	Bollywood	drama	Chandrakant Joshi	A cruel Zamindar, the local landlord, commits atrocities on the villagers. Young Kumar watches helplessly, his father being beaten-up by his goons at his behest. He grows up to become a teacher. Prerna, the only daughter of the school headmaster, comes back after studying in Calcutta to meet Kumar, her childhood friend. She admires his courage and determination to standup against the Zamindar. She joins Kumar in his efforts to bring together youngsters to form an organization for the welfare of village. Soon both get married. Kumar successfully contests the election to become the new head. Prerna notices that Kumar is fast becoming the man he hated the most.[2]
The Great Day	British	drama	Hugh Ford	As described in a film publication,[2] Frank Beresford (Burleigh) and Clara Borstwick (Hume) have married against the wishes of her father, Sir John Borstwick (Bourchier). Immediately following the marriage, Lillian Leeson (Albanesi), to whom Frank had formerly been married, appears with the intent to blackmail. Frank had told Clara of the former marriage and had believed that Lillian was dead. Frank goes to Paris to find a former friend that he believed to be dead who was a former husband of Lillian. He recognizes Dave Leeson (Kerr) and they return to England. Dave frustrates the attempt by Lillian to spoil Frank's happiness, and there is a reconciliation with Clara.
Beat Girl	British	drama	Edmond T. Gréville	Paul Linden (David Farrar), a wealthy and prominent architect, returns home to Kensington, London. He brings his new wife: beautiful, French, 24-year-old Nichole (Noelle Adam), whom he has just married in Paris. Paul is anxious to introduce Nichole to his teenage daughter Jennifer (Gillian Hills), but Jennifer appears less than happy about her father's remarriage and coldly rejects Nichole's friendly overtures all evening. After Paul and Nichole go to bed, Jennifer sneaks out to the Off-Beat café in Sohofor an evening of rock music and dancing with her friends, including Dave (Adam Faith), a youth from a working-class background who plays guitar and writes songs; Tony (Peter McEnery), a general's son whose mother was killed in the Blitz and who has a drinking problem (although beatniks frown on alcohol); and Dodo (Shirley Anne Field), Tony's well-bred girlfriend. Dave and Jennifer are attracted to each other. The next day Nichole plans to meet Jennifer at Saint Martin's School of Art, where she is studying, so they can have lunch together. At lunchtime, Nichole arrives at St Martin's. but is told that Jennifer has left and gone to the Off-Beat. Nichole goes to the café and confronts Jennifer in front of her friends, who are impressed by Nichole's youth, good looks, and knowledge of modern jazz. The fact that her friends, especially Dave, seem to like Nichole upsets Jennifer. Nichole leaves, reminding Jennifer to be home for her father's important business dinner that night. As Nichole leaves, she passes Greta (Delphi Lawrence), the star performer at the strip club across the street. Greta recognises Nichole and greets her by name, but Nichole ignores her, to Greta's annoyance. Jennifer and her friends see this encounter and wonder how Greta and Nichole might know each other. Jennifer suspects that Nichole was also a stripper before meeting her father. That night at Paul's business dinner, Jennifer tries to embarrass Nichole in front of the guests by bringing up the encounter with Greta, making sure to emphasise that Greta is a stripper. After the guests leave, Paul questions Nichole, who says that she knew Greta in Paris and that they were in ballet together but Greta pursued a different way of life and Nichole lost track of her. Paul accepts her explanation, but Jennifer goes to the strip club to ask Greta directly. Greta at first claims she made a mistake and doesn't really know Nichole, but under pressure from her boyfriend, strip club manager Kenny King (Christopher Lee), she reveals that she and Nichole worked together as strippers and occasional prostitutes in Paris. Jennifer, encouraged by Kenny, becomes enamored with the idea of becoming a stripper herself. Jennifer is caught by Paul and Nichole coming home from the strip club at 3 am and an angry confrontation results. Jennifer taunts Nichole by telling her she has spoken with Greta and threatens that if Nichole doesn't stay out of her life, Jennifer will tell Paul about Nichole's background. Nichole visits the strip club to tell Kenny and Greta to stay away from her stepdaughter, but Kenny says that Jennifer will be welcome at the club any time and that if Nichole interferes he will tell Paul about her past. Jennifer and her friends have a wild night including dancing at Chislehurst Caves, a dangerous car race, and a game of chicken on railway tracks where the last person to leave the rails before the train arrives (Jennifer) wins. Throughout the evening, Jennifer and Dave dare each other to increasingly dangerous behaviors as a way of flirting. Jennifer invites everyone to continue the party at her house, as her father is out of town and Nichole presumably won't interfere for fear Jennifer will reveal her past. Jennifer accepts a dare to strip like a Frenchie and begins a strip tease to music, but when she gets down to her underwear Nichole bursts from her bedroom and stops her. Then Paul suddenly arrives home and breaks up the party, throwing all of the beatniks out of his house including Dave. Jennifer angrily tells her father about Nichole's activities in Paris. Nichole, crying, admits it is true and explains she only did it because she was broke and hungry. Paul and Nichole profess their love for each other and reconcile. Jennifer goes to the café, but now finds it boring. She walks out on her friends and meets Kenny across the street at the strip club. Kenny invites her to go to Paris with him and have him train her to be a star stripper. Greta, performing onstage, is told by stage manager Simon (Nigel Green) that Kenny plans to leave her and go off with Jennifer. Just as Kenny makes a pass at Jennifer, a woman's hand is shown stabbing Kenny to death with a letter opener. The club staff, thinking Jennifer killed Kenny, lock her up and call the police. Jennifer screams that she didn't do it, and the real culprit, jealous Greta, emerges from behind a curtain. Meanwhile, Dave, Tony and Dodo confront some Teddy Boys who vandalise Tony's car and smash his guitar. Paul and Nichole arrive on the scene searching for Jennifer just as the police drag her, in hysterics, out of the strip club. The police release Jennifer to Paul and Nichole and the family, arms around each other, heads for home, as Dave throws his broken guitar in a rubbish bin and proclaims, Funny, only squares know where to go.
Unknown Pleasures	Chinese	drama	Jia Zhangke	Unknown Pleasures follows three disaffected, aimless young people in the industrial city of Datong in China's Shanxi province throughout 2001. Nineteen-year-old Bin Bin (Zhao Weiwei) lives with his mother, an adherent of the Falun Gong, in a small apartment near Datong's textile mill. Bin Bin's best friend, the reckless Xiao Ji (Wu Qiong), lives in an even smaller apartment with his father, and spends his time riding his motorbike around the city. The two friends eventually meet Qiao Qiao, a young singer and dancer working for the Mongolian King Liquor company as a spokesmodel. Xiao Ji immediately becomes enamored with Qiao Qiao, which gets him in trouble with Qiao Qiao's boyfriend, the loan shark and local thug, Qiao San (Li Zhubin). For much of the early parts of the film, the three characters seem to follow an aimless lifestyle. Unemployed, Bin Bin meets with his girlfriend to watch television on most days, while Xiao Ji seems to do nothing at all aside from flirt with Qiao Qiao. When an explosion rocks part of the city's textile mill, the characters are briefly pushed into action. Qiao Qiao, desperate to get her injured father into the hospital, has Xiao Ji rush to the bank in order to withdraw ¥2000 for the entry fee. As thanks, she takes Xiao Ji and Bin Bin first to lunch, where Xiao Ji references watching Quentin Tarantino's Pulp Fiction, and then to a discotheque. While dancing, Xiao Ji is led away by Qiao San's men, who humiliate and beat him. Enraged, Xiao Ji tries to avenge himself but is stopped by Bin Bin, who tells him that Qiao San keeps a gun on his person. Undeterred, Xiao Ji continues to pursue Qiao Qiao, who is eventually abandoned by her boyfriend. When the two young people end up in a hotel room, Qiao Qiao tries to explain to Xiao Ji the philosophy of Zhuangzi who, in his poem Ren Xiao Yao, philosophized that we should do what feels good. Soon afterward, it is learned that Qiao San has died in a car accident. The film implies that Qiao Qiao nevertheless leaves Xiao Ji and is last seen wearing a blue wig as a prostitute in a run-down club. Bin Bin, meanwhile, following the advice of his mother, tries to join the PLA, but is rejected when it is discovered that he suffers from hepatitis. Shattered, he borrows ¥1500 from a small-time crook Xiao Wu (Wang Hongwei). Bin Bin uses the money to purchase a cell phone for his girlfriend, but when she tries to get close to him, he refuses, and notes only that there is no future for him anymore. Bin Bin and Xiao Ji decide to rob a bank, as they have seen so often in American films. Attaching a fake bomb to Bin Bin's chest, Xiao Ji drives Bin Bin to a China Construction Bank, where the latter is immediately arrested. Fleeing, Xiao Ji drives his motorbike down the highway until it breaks down and he hitches a ride to locations unknown. Bin Bin is left at the police station, where an officer informs him that robbery is a capital crime. The film ends as the police officer forces Bin Bin to stand and sing. Bin Bin chooses to sing Ren Xiao Yao, a pop song about being spiritually free through love.
Perpetual Motion	Chinese	drama	Ning Ying	Niuniu, a wealthy middle aged woman living in Beijing, discovers that her husband is having an affair after coming upon a romantic e-mail. She knows only that it is one of her close friends but not which one. Determined to discover the truth, she invites her friends Qinqin, a ditsy actress, Lala, a successful artist, and Madam Ye, a property developer over to her lavish siheyuan home. There the four women share stories of their sexual past over food and mahjong. Niuniu, however, still has her plan to execute...
Little Friend	British	drama	Berthold Viertel	A young girl (Pilbeam) slowly becomes aware that her parents' marriage is disintegrating.
The Pleasure Girls	British	drama	Gerry O'Hara	When a beautiful young girl, Sally (Francesca Annis), moves to London to pursue a modelling career, she moves in with Angela (Anneke Wills) and Dee (Suzanna Leigh) and discovers the world of the carefree bachelor girl in Swinging London of the 1960s. Over one weekend - filled with parties, blossoming friendships, and romantic encounters with Keith (Ian McShane) and Nikko (Klaus Kinski) - the vivacious girls learn about life's pleasures and pains.
The Only Living Boy in New York	American	drama	Marc Webb	Thomas Webb (Callum Turner) is a college graduate who is still trying to figure out what he wants to do with his life and has a one-sided crush on his friend Mimi (Kiersey Clemons). One day, he meets his new neighbour, W.F. (Jeff Bridges), with whom he suddenly feels a connection. Thomas begins to spend time with W.F. and tells him about his life. When Thomas hangs out in a bar with Mimi one day, they see his father, Ethan (Pierce Brosnan) together with another woman (Kate Beckinsale). Fearing that the affair would take a toll on his already mentally unstable mother, Judith (Cynthia Nixon), Thomas starts to follow and finally confronts the woman. He is surprised when the other woman, Johanna, actually knows who Thomas is. She tells him that she is a freelance editor working with his father and knows Thomas from his picture in Ethan's office. After some time following and pleading with her to leave his father, Johanna mentions that Thomas is still a child who doesn't know anything, including the fact that he actually wants to sleep with her. Telling this to W.F., W.F. asks if he really wants to sleep with her and Thomas reluctantly says that he does. When attending a friend's party, Thomas bumps into Johanna with another man. Having an argument after Thomas makes a crude remark about her, Thomas surprisingly kisses her which ends up with them making out passionately. An affair starts and Thomas begins to fall for Johanna. He tells her that since he was a child, he has aspired to be a writer but Thomas's dream was crushed when his father told him that his essays were only serviceable. One day, when Thomas looks for W.F. in his apartment, he finds a manuscript titled The Only Living Boy in New York and that W.F. is actually a successful (although somewhat reclusive) writer. Thomas shows him his essays, and W.F. tells him that he does have a talent for writing. Thomas invites W.F. to a party at his father's publishing company to which the writer reluctantly agrees. Thomas goes together with Mimi who begins to show feelings towards him. She asks him if he is having an affair with Johanna, which he denies. Thomas sees W.F. at the party and wants to introduce him to his mother, but W.F. suddenly disappears. Later, W.F. meets with Johanna and warns her not to hurt Thomas. Johanna ends her relationship with Thomas, because Ethan has proposed to her. Angered by this, Thomas confronts his father while Johanna tries to dissuade him. Ethan is angered and leaves the room. Johanna tearfully tells Thomas that she really is in love with Ethan. She tells him that Thomas really doesn't know anything, and shows a picture of Thomas in a tennis match, with W.F. captured in the background. Thomas confronts W.F. and he tells him that he was a close friend of his parents. As Ethan is infertile, he and Judith asked W.F. for a favor: to conceive a child with Judith. Spending a drunken night together, W.F. realized that he is in love with Judith, and so he left her. He has always watched Thomas from afar, hoping to connect with his son. Upon returning home, Thomas finds that Ethan has already ended his relationship with Judith. He tells his mother that he's been in contact with W.F., and that he knows Judith has been in love with W.F. for 25 years. One year later, Thomas is working in a bookstore, while trying to get his writing published. Ethan comes to the bookstore and the two catch up. Ethan offers to help Thomas using his connections, which Thomas declines. Thomas asks if Ethan is still in contact with Johanna, and he says no but admits he's lying. Thomas finds Judith at a reading, listening while W. F. reads The Only Living Boy in New York. Thomas watches them and smiles, as his mother has finally found her happiness.
Accused	British	drama	Thornton Freeland	Two dance partners become embroiled in a murder mystery when one of the dancers is accused of murder.
Boys Are Back, TheThe Boys Are Back	Australian	drama	Scott Hicks	Joe Warr (Clive Owen) is a British sports writer who lives in Australia with his second wife, Katy (Laura Fraser) and his young son Artie (Nicholas McAnulty). Katy is diagnosed with cancer and dies, forcing Joe to cope with the responsibilities of being a single parent. Joe's teenage son from his first marriage, Harry (George MacKay), feels abandoned in the UK with his mother. Harry uses Katy's death as an opportunity to try to build a relationship with his father, coming to visit him in Australia. Although Harry is initially unnerved by the lack of discipline in the house, he eventually forms a strong bond with Artie, while struggling to foster a closer relationship with Joe. When Joe is forced by work to leave his sons alone in the house for a night, local teenagers throw a party at the house against both boys' will. With the house ransacked, Harry flies back to England because he no longer feels safe living with Joe. Joe and Artie go after him. After much discussion, Joe convinces Harry to move to Australia on a permanent basis. The trio return to Australia, and together shoulder the responsibilities of running the household without a female influence.
Far from the Madding Crowd	American	drama	Thomas Vinterberg	In 1870 Victorian England, Bathsheba Everdene (Carey Mulligan) is working on her aunt's farm in Dorset. Gabriel Oak (Matthias Schoenaerts), a new neighbour, sees Bathsheba riding her horse and falls in love with her. He proposes, but the headstrong Bathsheba declines, saying she is too independent and he would grow to despise her. One night a new sheepdog chases Gabriel's entire flock off a cliff. He settles his debts and is left penniless. He leaves in search of work. In contrast, Bathsheba inherits a farm from her uncle and leaves to take charge of it. While Gabriel is at a fair trying to find employment, local soldiers attempt to recruit him and other townsmen. A young girl, Fanny Robin, notices him and points out one of the soldiers, Sergeant Frank Troy, her sweetheart. She suggests Gabriel seek employment at a farm in Weatherbury. Gabriel arrives to find several buildings on fire and saves the barn from destruction. At dawn the next day he is introduced to the farm's new mistress: Bathsheba. She hires him as a shepherd. In the meantime, Fanny goes to the wrong church for her wedding and Troy, apparently jilted, is devastated. In town, Bathsheba proves to be a shrewd trader when selling her seed. She immediately is drawn to her neighbour William Boldwood (Michael Sheen), a prosperous and mature bachelor. Bathsheba sends Boldwood a Valentine as a joke, and he, both offended and intrigued, soon proposes marriage. Bathsheba says she does share his feelings but delays giving him a final answer. Gabriel admonishes Bathsheba for being foolish and unkind by playing with Boldwood's affections. She is stung by his criticism, and fires him, but the next day, given a crisis with the sheep that only he can manage, she sends after him and then pursues him to ask him to return. After her personal appeal, he comes back, saves some of the sheep, and stays on the farm. One night while walking around her land, Bathsheba meets Troy, who is mesmerized by her beauty. Uncomfortable, she tells him he should not be there, but the next day he returns to help with the harvest. Bathsheba learns he is of a noble family, but tells him to leave. He flirts with her and flatters her, and arranges a secret meeting. At their rendezvous in the woods, he shows off his swordplay, telling her not to flinch as he swings his sword around her head and body. He finally embraces her in a passionate kiss and Bathsheba is left in a daze. Gabriel warns her that Frank is dangerous and dishonourable, but she nevertheless elopes with him, and they share their wedding night together. Returning to the farm, the newly married couple celebrate with all the workers. Gabriel warns of an approaching storm, but the belligerent and drunk Frank interrupts him and insists that the party will not allow it to rain. Gabriel attempts by himself to cover the harvest with tarpaulins and Bathsheba, ashamed of Frank's drunken behavior with the other men, comes out into the wind and rain to help. Chastened, she tells Gabriel that she was a fool to fall prey to Frank's flattery. One day in town, Frank sees Fanny begging. She tells him she had gone to the wrong church, and that she is pregnant with his baby. He promises her he will find a home for them, and that she should stay in the workhouse in the meantime. Frank, a degenerate gambler, asks Bathsheba for £20 and she refuses, saying the money is for farm expenses. Fanny and her baby die in childbirth; their coffin is delivered to Bathsheba's farm, which was her last known address. Bathsheba recognizes the name as one of her uncle's loyal servants and says the coffin should be brought inside for mourning. The words Fanny Robin and child are written on the coffin, but Gabriel surreptitiously erases and child from the slate while bringing it in. Bathsheba reads the erasure, opens the coffin, and discovers the mother and baby within. Frank, upon seeing Fanny and his dead baby, bends over the coffin and kisses Fanny's lips. Bathsheba protests that she is still his wife, but he coldly responds that even in death Fanny means more to him than Bathsheba ever had meant or ever could mean. In grief Frank goes to the beach, where he strips off his uniform and swims far into the ocean. The next day the constable arrives to inform Bathsheba that Frank has apparently drowned. Left with Frank's gambling debts, Bathsheba worries she may lose the farm. Boldwood offers to buy it and merge it with his property, offering Gabriel a position as bailiff, and again proposes marriage. Bathsheba agrees to consider his offer. On the eve of the Christmas party he plans to throw, Boldwood shares with Gabriel that he knows of the affection he feels for Bathsheba, but adds he appreciates that he has been such a gentleman in the entire matter, and shows Gabriel the engagement ring he plans to offer her. At the party, Boldwood graciously invites Gabriel and Bathsheba to share at least one dance. As they dance, she again asks Gabriel what she should do, and he answers simply to Do what is right. She breaks off the dance and leaves, only to discover Frank, alive and well, slumbering up the pathway, outside. He was rescued from drowning but has faked his death for some weeks, preferring the idea of being 'dead.' Regretting his decision, he has returned and demands money from Bathsheba, claiming it was unfair that he gave up his profession for her and now lives off nothing while she has money and a house. When she insists she has no money, Frank demands that she sell the farm and grabs her roughly, screaming that she is still his wife and must obey him. Enraged, Boldwood emerges from the house and kills Frank with a single blast from his rifle, for which he is promptly imprisoned. As Gabriel witnesses all the finery, many dresses and jewellery, that Boldwood had already laid out upstairs in anticipation of Bathsheba's 'yes' answer, Bathsheba is remorseful and guiltridden. Gabriel tells her that if it's any consolation Boldwood is bound to be spared his life, for acting in a 'crime of passion'. Some time later, Gabriel announces that since the farm is now secure, he'll be emigrating to America in four days time. As he leaves on foot early in the morning, Bathsheba stays at the farm battling her feelings and stubbornness. Finally, she chases after him on horseback and begs him not to leave, thanking him for all he's done for her, and always believing in her. Gabriel tells her, if only she would accept his love, then asks her if she would agree were he to propose again. Bathsheba smiles and tells him he needs ask once more. Gabriel kisses her passionately in response, and they walk back hand in hand.
Man of Evil	British	drama	Anthony Asquith	Fanny (Phyllis Calvert) finishes at boarding school in 1880 and returns to London, where she witnesses Lord Manderstoke (James Mason) fight and kill her supposed father. She soon learns that her family has run a brothel next door to her home and (on her mother's death) that he was not her real father. She goes to meet her real father – a respected politician – and falls in love with Harry Somerford (Stewart Granger), his advisor. Manderstoke continues to thwart her happiness.
Arizona Dream	American	drama	Emir Kusturica	Axel (Johnny Depp) has a dream about an Eskimo who catches a rare halibut and brings it back to his family in an igloo. Axel's cousin Paul (Vincent Gallo) coaxes Axel from his job tagging fish in New York City to Arizona to attend his uncle Leo's (Jerry Lewis) trophy wedding to a much younger woman (Paulina Porizkova). His uncle tries to persuade him to stay permanently and take over the family business of selling Cadillacs. Axel resists at first, but he decides to give it a try. Axel encounters two strange women: Elaine (Faye Dunaway), a woman who always had a dream of building a flying machine, and her stepdaughter Grace (Lili Taylor), who is jealous of Elaine and dreams of killing herself and being reincarnated as a turtle.[3] Axel starts lusting after Elaine and decides to help make her dreams come true. As he and Elaine build the machine day by day, Grace starts destroying the contraption. Axel then rebuilds. Leo and Paul arrive at Elaine and Grace's house to encourage Axel to come back, but Elaine threatens them with a shotgun. Axel and Elaine complete the machine and test it, but it crashes in a tree. Axel then decides to put both Elaine and Grace out of their misery, but can not go through with it. Grace has the idea to play Russian Roulette with him. Axel is scared at first, but at his second turn he pulls the trigger multiple times. The gun does not fire. Axel, Elaine, and Grace come to Paul's talent show. He decides to play Cary Grant's role from North by Northwest with the famous crop duster scene. Paul receives the score of 1. Leo's fiancée then approaches them to say that there is something wrong with Leo. Axel realizes that Leo is dying and calls an ambulance but Leo passes away. The day before Elaine's birthday a few months later, Axel and Paul finally come back to Elaine and Grace's house. Elaine is mad at Axel for not contacting her but forgives him. The next day on Elaine's birthday, Elaine is given an airplane as a present. The four celebrate Elaine's birthday by beating a piñata, but are interrupted by a storm. As the others dry off inside, Grace remains outside to free her turtles, telling them to Go play, Axel goes upstairs with Grace to wrap the presents where she gives Axel a globe, telling him that she wants him to have the world. Axel tells Grace that Elaine has changed and that he is not in love with her any more. He makes a promise to Grace to go to Alaska. Axel, Elaine, Grace, and Paul talk about the manners in which they want to die. Grace says that she is going to sleep and walks upstairs, dressing herself in a white shift and a hat with a veil. As she walks outside, Axel and Elaine see her through the window and run outside in an attempt to stop her. Grace shoots herself, and a lightning bolt destroys Elaine's airplane. Sometime after Grace's death Axel breaks into Uncle Leo's abandoned Cadillac store at night and goes to sleep on top of a Cadillac with a cat that has just had her litter. The film ends with Axel and Uncle Leo as Eskimos in Axel's dream. They catch the halibut and discuss it. It flies from their hands into the sunrise.
Marat/Sade	British	drama	Peter Brook	In the Charenton Asylum in 1808, the Marquis de Sade stages a play about the murder of Jean-Paul Marat by Charlotte Corday, using his fellow inmates as actors. The director of the hospital, Monsieur Coulmier, supervises the performance, accompanied by his wife and daughter. Coulmier, who supports Napoleon's government, believes that the play will support his own bourgeois ideas, and denounce those of the French Revolution that Marat helped lead. His patients, however, have other ideas, and they make a habit of speaking lines he had attempted to suppress, or deviating entirely into personal opinion. The Marquis himself, meanwhile, subtly manipulates both the players and the audience to create an atmosphere of chaos and nihilism that ultimately brings on an orgy of destruction.
When the Whales Came	British	drama	Clive Rees	Two children named Gracie Jenkins and Daniel Pender are best friends living on the island of Bryher. They enjoy sailing wooden boats that they make off the numerous beaches, but the tide carries their favorite one across to a forbidden bay. This is the home of a local hermit nicknamed the Birdman, whom all the children are forbidden to go near and whom none of the adults trust. This is partly due to him being born on a nearby island named Samson which all locals avoid, as they say it is cursed. On stormy nights he goes over to Samson and can be seen sending lantern signals out to sea. Daring to go to the Birdman's beach, Daniel and Gracie find the missing boat on the sand with a message written in stones, left by the hermit. Daniel leaves a further message saying thank you and tells him their names. Later the Birdman leaves them a beautiful carving of a seabird and the children hide it at Gracie's house. Life on Bryher is hard and very rustic. The villagers survive on fishing and growing their own produce. Daniel's father is a violent man who has to work extra hard in order to feed his large family of seven children. Gracie's parents, Jack and Clem, are kinder; Gracie is an only child as their parents have not been able to have more children. However, her father doesn't see school as important for Gracie in their lives as fishermen, while her mother wants her to have an education. The local school is on a nearby island and ruled by Mr Welbeloved, who struggles to get the rustic students to work. He is worried over the coming war and warns children to be vigilant against any who might be sending messages to enemies. Daniel and Gracie soon meet the Birdman in person, discover that he is kind, gentle and profoundly deaf. They begin a secret friendship. Born as Mr Woodcock on another nearby island named Samson, he tells the children that when he was a small boy, a group of NarWhales were beached and slaughtered by the islanders for their valuable horns. The NarWhales cursed them and the boat shipping the islanders and horns to the mainland was sunk, the Birdman's father among them. Next illness and death struck the island, then the plants began to fail, chickens stopped laying and the islanders left all except the Birdman and his mother. Mrs Woodcock had sworn she would not leave her husband's ghost alone, but when the Well runs dry, she is forced to leave. Before they do, the curse claims the Birdman's hearing, making him deaf. Daniel asks the Birdman to teach him to carve, and soon begins to become expert. One day the Birdman tells the children about a large amount of valuable timber which has washed up on one of the island's shores. The islanders all gather to collect and hide this timber before the coastal authorities arrive and try to claim it for themselves. While searching the island they ask to see in Gracie's attic, where they find nothing except the carved sea bird that the Birdman gave Gracie. Jack asks where it came from and Gracie insists that Daniel made it. When Daniel shows several of his new carvings, Jack apologises and the Seabird is proudly displayed in their home. The war begins and Gracie's father decides to go and fight in the Navy; as an experienced sailor, he feels it is his duty. The only man to go from Bryher, it leaves Gracie's mother in charge of feeding the two of them. Clem is unable to catch enough fish so Daniel and Gracie take the boat out themselves. Getting lost in a thick fog they accidentally land on Samson, discovering the dry well, the graves of the old islanders and one of the Narwhale horns. When they arrive home, Daniel's father is furious as he insists that they have brought a curse back with them. Days later a telegram comes saying that Gracie's father has been lost at sea and is presumed dead. Gracie sees it as the Samson curse and blames herself. The islanders gather around to comfort Clem and Gracie and the Birdman delivers gifts of produce, fish, honey and eggs. Clem suspects that the Birdman has been talking to the children but leaves well alone. After a great storm, Daniel, Gracie and the Birdman discover a beached Narwhale and attempt to get it back into the sea, but it is too heavy. The other Narwhales gather in the bay and the Birdman knows that soon they will come to the beach themselves and then the curse of Samson will begin again on Bryher. Daniel's oldest brother and some local boys set fire to the Birdman's cottage because they think he is signalling to the enemy- he is actually stopping ships from getting beached on the dangerous rocks or getting caught by the curse. They see the Narwhales and go back to the village. Soon the entire island comes to slaughter the whales but Daniel insists that they listen to the Birdman. Mr Woodcock finally tells them the true story of Samson and the islanders work together to get the whales back into the sea and away from the island. Daniel leaves the Birdman watching the sea but returning in the morning he finds the Birdman gone, never to be seen again. He takes a boat over to Samson and discovers that the Well is full again and that plants have started to grow. Later that day, a naval boat arrives with Jack on board, found at last and not drowned. The curse is lifted by the islanders and Gracie, Jack and Clem return home celebrating their experiences.
Ek Doctor Ki Maut	Bollywood	drama	Unknown	After years of painstaking research at the cost of his personal life, Dr. Dipankar Roy (Pankaj Kapur) discovers a vaccine for leprosy. The news is flashed over television and overnight, an insignificant junior doctor receives international recognition. Professional jealousy and abuse of power threaten Dr. Roy, even as the Secretary of Health reprimands him for breaking the news to the press. He is asked to report to the Director of Health. Professional colleagues Dr. Arijit Sen and Dr. Ramananda invite him to a lecture but, it is merely a pretence to humiliate him. Dr. Roy suffers a mild heart attack, but he refuses to go to the hospital. His wife (Shabana Azmi) and a few others like Dr. Kundu (Anil Chatterjee) and Amulya (Irfan Khan) stand by Dr. Roy, but the harassment continues; a letter from a British foundation, John Anderson Foundation, is suppressed and Dr. Roy is transferred to a remote village. The last straw is two American doctors receiving credit for discovering the same vaccine. Dr. Roy is shattered. However, at the end, Dr. Roy gets an invitation from John Anderson Foundation inviting him to be a part of an eminent group of scientists working on other diseases. Dipankar Roy realizes that his research was fruitful. He also decides to accept the invitation as he just wants to work for the betterment of mankind.
Devil's Bait	British	drama	Peter Graham Scott	An incompetent rat-catcher leaves behind some of the poison he has used to eradicate rats from a small bakery, and the husband-and-wife bakery team inadvertently bake poison into a batch of bread. When they realize what they have done they try to retrieve the contaminated bread they have sold before anyone eats it.
Rush	American	drama	Lili Fini Zanuck	In Texas, seasoned undercover narcotics police officer Jim Raynor is told by his superior Lt. Dodd to choose a partner from a group of recent police academy graduates for his undercover investigation, which has been ongoing for two years. His choice of Kristen Cates surprises Dodd, but Raynor is confident she is the right fit for what he needs. Raynor explains to Cates that all they will have is each other in this assignment. They are caught between the legal world and the illegal underworld, belonging to neither and able to trust only one another. Though initially startled by Raynor's intensity, Cates insists she is capable of doing whatever it takes to get the job done. Later at Raynor's apartment, he teaches Cates how to properly shoot up heroin. Cates informs Raynor that she was instructed how to fake drug use at the police academy, which prompts a strong rebuke from Raynor. He informs her in no uncertain terms that she will be put in situations where she will have to take the drugs they will be buying. The drug dealers they will be doing business with are not stupid, and if she tries to fake drug use in front of them, she will get both of them killed. Raynor and now Cates's main objective in their operation is to take down the cunning, mysterious, and powerful Will Gaines. While Raynor (and the police department) is certain Gaines is the main drug boss in the town, Gaines is an expert at avoiding detection, and deeply mistrustful of Raynor. Unable to secure access to him, Cates and Raynor buy large quantities of drugs from minor dealers in the town. These drugs are cataloged and given to Dodd, along with information detailing from whom they bought the drugs. Raynor and Cates quickly go from pretending to be lovers to the real thing. As Raynor predicted, Cates is soon put into a position where she is forced to inject drugs in front of a drug dealer. Raynor tries to intervene and tell the dealer that his lady doesn't fix, but the dealer insists at gunpoint. Cates first tries nervously to talk her way out of the situation, then yanks off her jacket and with shaking hands begins to prepare a heroin shot as Raynor had taught her. Seeing her high level of anxiety, Raynor takes the prepared needle from her and injects it into her arm. While the dealer watches approvingly and laughs, Cates quietly vomits off screen. Soon enough, Cates is addicted to the drugs she has to use to maintain her cover, and Raynor arrives home one day to find Cates combing the carpet, desperately searching for any crumbs of drugs that may have fallen. Raynor nurses Cates through her withdrawal while appearing largely unaffected by his own drug use. However, over the course of the film he becomes even more addicted than she. Eventually, both are able to get clean, but remain traumatized and scarred by their drug experiences. Though they have successfully infiltrated the town's drug underworld, Raynor and Cates are no closer to obtaining evidence against Gaines. Under pressure from the department, they falsify evidence against Gaines in order to secure his arrest and indictment. They move into a small trailer awaiting the beginning of the trial. Cates is startled awake one evening by a double barrel shotgun caressing her face. A gunfight ensues in which Raynor is shot in the thigh, striking his femoral artery. Cates frantically goes for help, then returns to the trailer to find Raynor barely conscious. He dies in her arms. At Gaines's trial, Cates is on the witness stand. During her testimony, she mentions that she has resigned from the police force. Her testimony sticks to the fabricated story Raynor and she concocted, and appears to earn the support of the jury and courtroom spectators. When she looks directly at Gaines, however, he slides two fingers down the bridge of his nose, mimicking the movement of the shotgun that eventually killed Raynor. Stunned, Cates retracts her statements about Gaines's involvement in the drug trade, and testifies that they were ordered to fabricate evidence by the Chief of Police. This of course secures Gaines's acquittal. Freed from police custody, Gaines gets into his car a few nights later. As he drives down the road, he notices someone hiding in the backseat. Gaines pulls over, and as he turns to confront them, he is killed by a double barrel shotgun blast to the face. The killer is never shown, but it is implied is that it is Cates.
Cinemawala	Bengali	drama	Kaushik Ganguly	Pranabendu Bose, an aged man, owns a cinema hall named Kamalini. He is assisted by his long-time assistant Hari. Ever since the trend of digital viewing of cinemas by use of DVD and CDs have gained pace, Kamalini is facing loss. What infuriates Pranabendu the most is that his own son Prakash is engaged in selling illegal CDs and DVDs. The cinema-addict in Pranabendu believes cinema is fit to be seen only in the big screen, and therefore, curses Prakash for denigrating the medium of cinema by selling illegal DVDs. Pranabendu also fears that any day Prakash will be wound up by the Police and that will burn his own hard-earned respect to ashes. Such is his disgust for Prakash that when local political leader Sudhanshu requests Pranabendu to stand in local panchayat elections, Pranabendu turns down the offer by saying he can't face questions from people regarding the illegal nature of the business which his own son runs. Beside the cinema hall, Pranabendu and Prakash attend to their long-time family business of distributing fish to vendors. Prakash's wife Moumita is expecting their first child. At home, Pranabendu and Prakash avoid speaking with each other. Moumita, though, takes good care of aged Pranabendu. One night, after returning from Kolkata with a bagful of illegal DVDs, Prakash notices an advertisement in the newspaper about a DVD home theater. Prakash buys a home theater by selling the golden bangles his mother Kamalini, who now lives separately from Pranabendu, gave to him on hearing of Moumita's pregnancy. Prakash, along with his business partner Ashim, arranges for the screening of blockbuster cinemas in the DVD home theater during the time of the local fair. Prakash's plan proves to be a masterstroke. The shows attract houseful audience. He and his partner make loads of money in the process. The success of his son's illegal business breaks Pranabendu's, heart. He orders Hari to sell off the projectors in his cinema hall. Next morning, Pranabendu visits the cinema hall in search of Hari. Hari informs him that a local businessman has agreed to buy the projectors which are still in top condition. Hari asks Pranabendu to allow him to stay in the cinema hall one last time. Unable to bear the sight of his beloved cinema hall coming to a close, Pranabendu leaves for home. At home, he counsels Prakash to mend his ways if he wishes to make his soon-to-be-born child proud and avoid getting arrested by the police. All of a sudden, police arrives in their home. police inform Pranabendu that Hari has committed suicide inside the hall by hanging himself from a ceiling fan. Pranabendu rushes to the hall to retrieve Hari's hanging body. Prakash accompanies Hari's dead body to the crematorium. Once everybody had left, Pranabendu locks himself up in his beloved cinema hall and burns it down. Thematic Representations in the movie: The film tries to depict the present scenario of the world of Indian cinema and the effects of piracy, copyright infringement, and theft. Nowadays, due to the availability of the internet, we often do not realize that we are criminals of Intellectual Property Theft. Moreover, the artists who work so hard are not truly paid for their work as these sites providing us with the free songs and movies do not acknowledge the artists. As shown in the movie Pranabendu Bose is a victim to the modern-day technology. He is passionate about movies and his passion is not well understood by most of us in this generation including his own son, Prakash. Prakash sells illicit pirated movie CDs which angers Pranabendu so much so that the two do not speak living in the same house. Kamalini, the cinema hall owned by Pranabendu is abandoned as no one really goes to watch movies on the big screen and he ultimately burns down the hall with him in it in order to preserve the world of Cinema.
Ocean Heaven	Chinese	drama	Xue Xiao Lu	Ocean Heaven is about a terminally ill father, Sam Wong/Wang Xincheng (Jet Li) as he works his job in an aquarium and struggles to look after his 21-year-old son Dafu/David, who has autism (Wen Zhang). Sam has single-handedly brought up his son since his wife died in a swimming accident 14 years ago and looks after him day and night. Upon discovering Sam has less than five months to live, he multiplies his efforts to help Dafu learn basic tasks in order to care for himself, as well as searching for a home for him, before he passes away. As the story progresses, the growing relationship between father and son, as well as the community around them, become clearer. Ling ling (Gwei Lun-mei) plays the role of a clown who is part of a small traveling circus (they perform in the aquarium for a short period of time) and who gets on well with Dafu, leading to a close friendship between them. Though Dafu struggles to learn many basic tasks, Sam perseveres in teaching his son the tasks that he will need to know how to perform himself once his father dies. Though Sam never gave up teaching and explaining things to Dafu in a positive and supportive and memorable manner, he did contemplate ending his and Dafu's existence together rather than leave his child to suffer without him. Sam, at this point had yet to tell anyone how far his health had deteriorated, until one day while returning from their hometown, his neighbor tells Sam his doctor came from the city with bags of free medicine and waited two hours for him. Meanwhile, Principal Liu, of the boarding school for mentally challenged children that Dafu attended as a child, recommends Dafu to a newly opened institution where he can stay after his father dies. Dafu continues learning, though Sam must move into the institution with him to help him adjust. Ling Ling, knowing that she is about to have to leave with her circus, teaches Dafu to pick up the phone in the aquarium when he hears it, and she will talk to him. Ling Ling leaves with her circus. Sam, for the first time in the movie, swims in the aquarium with his son, dressed in a sea turtle costume he made by hand, telling his son not to be afraid when he is gone; he will be like the turtles in the aquarium, always swimming close by with him. He almost drowns but is helped from water by Mr. Tang and while they chat, Sam reveals his wife's death might not have been an accident as she was a very good swimmer and they had recently found out Dafu is autistic. Sam doesn't blame her for not being able to handle their son's circumstances. There was only one instance in which Sam loses his composure with Dafu, while he is nearing the end, and still working and trying to teach his son how to do his job, Dafu is distracted and Sam yells at him. Less than a moment later and Sam is already mending fences and reassuring his son. Sam eventually dies, and his funeral is attended by close friends and family. Dafu waves good bye to the sky/Sam, as it seems he has learned people live there, something Ling Ling explained to him earlier when she spoke of her grandmother with him before she left town. After the funeral, Dafu is seen doing some of the things that his father struggled so much to teach him with success. He cooks by himself, knows how to ride the bus, and picks up the phone when Ling Ling calls, and working at the ocean park, a place Mr. has opened the doors for Dafu at any time of the day. It is implied that from then on, Dafu will know how to lead his life on his own, though he still has Sam's old friends helping him along the way.
Homework	American	drama	Unknown	The films consists almost exclusively of interviews with a number of pupils and two fathers of pupils at Shahid Masumi school who are asked to give their opinion on the traditional teaching practice of assigning homework. Issues such as some parents' illiteracy and their inability to help their children with the homework are raised. The children don't always succeed in hiding the more embarrassing aspects of their family life (corporal punishment, poverty, etc.).
White Mischief	British	drama	Michael Radford	With much of the rest of the world at war, a number of bored British aristocrats live dissolute and hedonistic lives in a region of the Kenya Colony known as Happy Valley, drinking, drugging and indulging in decadent sexual affairs to pass the time. On 24 January 1941, Josslyn Hay, the philandering Earl of Erroll, is found dead in his car in a remote location. The Earl has a noble pedigree but a somewhat sordid past and a well-deserved reputation for having affairs with married women. Diana Delves Broughton is one such woman. She is the beautiful wife of Sir John Henry Delves Broughton, known to most as Jock, a man 30 years her senior. Diana has a pre-nuptial understanding with her husband that should either of them fall in love with someone else, the other will do nothing to impede the romance. Diana has indeed succumbed to the charms of the roguish Earl of Erroll, whose other lovers also include the drug-addicted American heiress Alice de Janze and the somewhat more reserved Nina Soames. The Earl is more serious about this affair than any of his earlier dalliances, and wants Diana to marry him. She is reluctant to leave what she thinks is the financial security of her marriage to formalise her relationship with Erroll (who has no funds or prospects), unaware that Delves Broughton is deep in debt. Privately humiliated but appearing to honour their agreement, Delves Broughton publicly toasts the couple's affair at the club in Nairobi, asking Erroll to bring Diana home at a specified time. Delves Broughton appears to be extremely intoxicated for the rest of the evening; once he is alone it is clear he was feigning drunkenness. After dropping off Diana, Erroll is shot to death in his car not far from the home of Delves Broughton who is soon charged with Errol's murder. Diana is distraught over losing her lover, as is Alice, who openly masturbates next to his corpse at the mortuary. A local plantation owner, Gilbert Colvile, whose only friend is Delves Broughton, quietly offers Diana advice and solace and ultimately shocks her by proposing marriage. Delves Broughton stands trial. There are no witnesses to the crime and the physical evidence that appears incriminating is also circumstantial. He obviously had the motive and means, but is found innocent and the scandal comes to an end. De Janze is dying of a drug overdose, and Diana discovering further evidence that implicates her husband in her lover's death. After menacing her with a shotgun, Broughton shoots himself in front of her. The film ends with a fleeing, bloodstained Diana discovering the remaining Happy Valley set partying around de Janze's grave.
Padma Nadir Majhi	Bangladeshi	drama	Goutom Ghosh	Hossian Miya (Utpal Dutta) is a Bengali Muslim trader who offers his community an idealistic vision: He wants to establish a little utopia on an island (Moynadeep) in the Padma delta and offer them a better life there. It is apparent that Hossian Miya has a flourishing business there, because he has recently purchased a huge boat because of expanding business. He doesn't care if the people who populate it are Hindu or Muslim. It is 1947, just before the partition of India, and the Hindu fisherman Kuber briefly accepts an offer by Hossain to ferry some of the community's cargo from the island. He would be fishing, except that the fish he usually catches have been driven away by a big storm. In the process of getting the cargo, he gets to see what the colony is like and, even though he is fully aware of the gripes of a former colony member and the limitations of it, comes to share some of the utopian vision. When Kuber returns to his home and a variety of unfortunate events make it in his best interest to leave, he knows just where to go. However, people who return from Moynadeep after working there has a different tale to narrate. Rasu (Sunil Mukherjee) and Aminuddin (Rabi Ghosh) say that Moynadeep is infested with lions and tigers, and there is forest all around. Rasu has fled from Moynadeep deserting his wife and children there. Aminuddin, too, refuses to go back to Moynadeep again. Kuber has a wife and daughter and was recently blessed with a child. His wife is beset with a leg deformity, and his daughter is grown up and engaged to a local man. Kuber goes to pay a visit to his relatives from his wife's side. On return, he brings along his sister-in-law Kapila (Roopa Ganguly) with a ton of small kids. Kapila was married but is now estranged from her husband. A sneaky amorous relationship develops between Kubir and Kapila. Staying with a deformed wife and coupled with amorous gestures from his alluring sister-in-law Kubir succumbs to her wishes of passion play. However, Kapila's husband re-appears and takes her away with him. One day a storm rises in the Padma River and leaves behind a trail of destruction. Kuber tells his wife Padda amago joto daay abar totoi loy (It is true Padda gives us a lot, but in return it also takes a lot from us). The storm wreaks havoc in the village. Hussian Miya offers to lend a helping hand to the villagers. He does so, but in return he takes their thumb impressions as proof of his help so that he can use it later to exploit them. Meanwhile, Kuber's daughter's marriage breaks down. Rasu proposes to marry her. Even though Rasu was close to Kuber, he refuses to accept the match because of the age difference between them. Rasu becomes furious and threatens to ruin Kuber. He succeeds in his endeavor. Kuber is fabricated in a theft case, and police is now trying to nab him. He flees to Hussain Miya for help. Hossain Miya tells he can absolve him of the theft charge, but in return Kubir must go to Moynadeep. Kuber agrees to the offer. Kuber goes to Moynadeep. A new life unfolds for him there. These concluding sequences from the film add up to a compelling climax.
Idiot Box	Australian	drama	David Caesar	The story follows two fictional characters Mick and Kev who have nothing to offer. They are stereotypical bogans with a taste for cheap thrills. Kev's hobby is being angry, his motto is Maximum fear, minimum time. He is unemployed with attitude, an antagonistic manner. Mick is his best friend (mate) and together they kill time drinking beer, watching the Idiot Box and looking for action on the street. One day Kev tells Mick they have drawn their last dole cheque. Instead of giving into their limited circumstances, they are going to get rich quick doing the only thing they are qualified for - crime. Conning a friend into driving the getaway car, the gang of three plan a bank robbery. But it is a heist that is doomed from the start when professional criminals target the same bank.
High Tide at Noon	British	drama	Philip Leacock	A woman named Joanna returns to an island off the coast of Nova Scotia where she was raised, and where memories immediately stir from her past. She recalls being 17 and having the attentions of three young men. The handsome but arrogant and aggressive Simon Breck repels her, while Nils Sorensen, who loves her, is seen by Joanna only as a friend, not a suitor. She ultimately marries Alec Douglas, a gentle soul who reads poetry to her. Economic hardship overwhelms nearly everyone on the island, particularly Joanna's parents, the MacKenzies, as the fickle ocean keeps leaving the fishing community's lobster traps empty. Worse for her, Alec amasses a debt well into the hundreds of dollars to Simon, due to his gambling. All three men ultimately disappear from her life, but upon her return, many years later, Joanna is pleased to once again encounter Nils.
H.M.S. Defiant	British	drama	Lewis Gilbert	In 1797, the humane Captain Crawford (Guinness) is in command of the warship HMS Defiant during the French Revolutionary Wars. He soon finds himself in a battle of wills with his first officer, the sadistic and supercilious first lieutenant, Mr. Scott-Padget (Bogarde). The Lieutenant believes that Crawford is too soft on his crew, and also disagrees with the captain's decision to proceed with orders to sail to Corsica despite word that Napoleon has overrun much of Italy. Scott-Padget has powerful family connections, which he has used in the past to beach two previous commanding officers with whom he disagreed. Knowing that Crawford is helpless to intervene, Scott-Padget subjects the former's son, Midshipman Harvey Crawford (David Robinson), to excessive daily punishments so as to gain leverage over the captain. Meanwhile, some of the crew, led by seaman Vizard (Anthony Quayle), are organising to strike for better conditions, in conjunction with similar efforts throughout the British fleet. They eventually pledge virtually the entire crew. In the Mediterranean, the Defiant encounters a French frigate escorting a merchant ship. After a sharp engagement, a boarding party from the Defiant captures the French frigate, and the merchantman surrenders. Crawford dispatches his son as part of the prize crew tasked to send the captured merchantman back to a British port, thereby placing him out of Scott-Padget's reach. Crawford tells Scott-Padget that bringing his son with him was a mistake, but now he's put it right! He further vows to take actions that will 'astound' his second-in-command. Before long, Scott-Padget is confined to quarters as punishment for insubordination. His humiliation is compounded by the requirement that he appear on deck every two hours in full dress uniform; a punishment usually reserved for young midshipmen. Soon, Defiant fights and captures a Venetian frigate, taking on many prisoners. Crawford is severely wounded in the action and eventually loses his arm. Discovered among the prisoners is a key aide to Napoleon, from whom the British learn important information about a planned invasion of Britain. With Crawford temporarily out of the way, Scott-Padget takes command, but his brutality goads the crew into a premature mutiny. Appealing to their patriotism, Crawford convinces Vizard and the other mutineers to sail for the main British fleet blockading Rochefort to warn them of the impending invasion. Crawford promises to intercede for the crew as best he can, on the condition that none of the officers are harmed. As the Defiant reaches the fleet at Rochefort, they receive word that the main British fleet has already gone on strike, with the naval high command agreeing to most of the sailors' demands. The crew's jubilation at the news is cut short when the hot-headed seaman Evans murders Scott-Padget. Realising that they are now all doomed to punishment as mutineers, an enraged Vizard kills Evans. Their only course now is to try to escape with the ship. Just then, the French fleet sallies out from port, and a French fireship is sighted heading straight for the British flagship. As the only ship under sail, the Defiant has the unique opportunity to save the flagship. Once again, Crawford appeals to the crew's patriotism, convincing them to intercept the fireship and promising pardons to all who fight. Vizard is killed in the ensuing action, living just long enough to hear a message from the British admiral thanking Defiant for their gallant actions.
Closet Land	American	drama	Radha Bharadwaj	Set in an unspecified country, Stowe's character is taken from her home in the middle of the night, accused of embedding anarchistic messages into her book, entitled Closet Land. The book is a story about a child who, as a result of bad behaviour, has been locked in a closet as punishment. While in there, the child is greeted by a group of childhood ally archetypes who innocently attempt to comfort the scared little girl. The seemingly simple content is questioned by the government, which accuses the author of encouraging and introducing anarchism among its audience of naïve children. While the Interrogator is obstinate in his belief that the author is guilty of hidden propaganda, the audience is convinced of the victim's innocence. The audience later learns that the novel was actually created as a form of escapism, providing a coping mechanism for the author, who endured sexual abuse as a child. Near the end of the film, the interrogator claims that he was the man who had sexually abused the author in her childhood. But one cannot be entirely sure he was the one who abused her, as the film suggests he was just using the abuse against her as a way of breaking her down. After subjecting her to lengthy physical and mental torture, and pretending to be several other people (another prisoner, a more brutal interrogator) while the Victim is blindfolded, the Interrogator tries to get her to sign a confession—to save her life. While he knows now that the woman is innocent, he implores her to confess to avoid execution. She refuses, and goes to her death.
Matir Moina (The Clay Bird)	Bengali	drama	Tareque Masud	The film is set against the backdrop of unrest in East Pakistan in the late 1960s leading up to the Bangladesh War of Liberation. In this setting, a small family must come to grips with its culture, its faith, and the brutal political changes entering its small-town world. Anu, a young boy, is sent off to a madrasah by his unbendingly devout father Kazi. Anu's younger sister falls ill and dies because of Kazi's refusal to use conventional medicine. While at the madrasah, Anu befriends Rokon, an eccentric misfit in the rigorous religious school, who is forced by the teachers to undergo an exorcism by ducking in the freezing river to cure himself. Personal tragedies beset the family and tests its loyalty to the obdurate patriarch Kazi, who still believes in the religious unity of Pakistan, in the face of cruel, contradictory events. A shattering political development then changes their town, their life, and the inner dynamics of the family, including the patriarch's role.
Atlantic Ferry	British	drama	Walter Forde	In the 1830s, two brothers set out to prove the worth of steamships by being the first to cross the Atlantic from Britain to the United States.[2]
Impromptu	British	drama	James Lapine	Since getting divorced, Baroness Amantine-Lucile-Aurore Dupin, previously Baroness Dudevant, the successful and notorious writer of sensational romance novels now living under the pseudonym George Sand, in Paris, has been in the habit of dressing like a man. In her romantic pursuit of the sensitive Chopin, whose music she fell in love with before seeing him in person, George/Aurora is advised that she must act like a man pursuing a woman, though she is also advised to avoid damaging his health by not pursuing him at all. With this advice Sand is deterred by a fellow countrywoman who pretends to be smitten with Chopin, the mistress of Franz Liszt, the Countess Marie d'Agoult. Whether the Countess is really in love with Chopin is unlikely; she seeks only to prevent a relationship between Chopin and Sand. Sand meets Chopin in the French countryside at the house of the Duchess d'Antan, a foolish aspiring socialite who invites artists from Paris to her salon in order to feel cosmopolitan. Sand invites herself, not knowing that several of her former lovers are also in attendance. A small play is written by Alfred de Musset satirizing the aristocracy, Chopin protests at his lack of manners, de Musset bellows and a fireplace explosion ensues. Chopin is briefly swayed by a beautifully written love letter ostensibly from d'Agoult, a letter actually written by, and stolen from, Sand. Eventually Sand wins over Chopin when she proves that she wrote the letter, reciting its words to him passionately, and after buying a copy of her memoir he finds the text of the letter in the book. Chopin is then challenged to a duel by one of Sand's ex-lovers. He faints during the face-off. Sand finishes the duel for him and nurses him back to health in the countryside, solidifying their relationship. Near the end of the movie, Sand and Chopin dedicate a volume of music to the countess, although this only suggests that she has had an affair with Chopin, causing a falling-out with her lover Liszt. Sand and Chopin depart for Majorca, relieved to escape the competitive nature of artistic alliances and jealousies in Paris.
Debt of Honour	British	drama	Norman Walker	A Colonel's daughter steals from the regimental mess funds to pay off her gambling debts. One of the officers, who is love with her, takes the blame, and is sent to Africa.[1]
Dying Young	American	drama	Joel Schumacher	Hilary O'Neil (Julia Roberts) is a pretty, outgoing yet cautious young woman who has had little luck in work or love. After recently parting ways with her boyfriend when she caught him cheating, Hilary finds herself living with her eccentric mother (Ellen Burstyn). One day, Hilary answers an ad in a newspaper for a nurse only to find herself being escorted out before the interview starts. Victor Geddes (Campbell Scott) is a well-educated, rich, and shy 28-year-old. As the film progresses, Victor's health worsens progressively, due to leukemia. Despite his father's protests, Victor hires Hilary to be his live-in caretaker while he undergoes a traumatic course of chemotherapy. Hilary becomes insecure of her ability to care for Victor after her first exposure to the side effects of his chemotherapy treatment. She researches leukemia and stocks healthier food in the kitchen. Victor is finished with his chemotherapy and suggests they take a vacation to the coast. They rent a house and Hilary begins to feel that she is no longer needed to care for him. They fall in love and continue living at the coast. Victor hides his use of morphine to kill the pain. During dinner with one of the friends they made at the coast, Victor starts acting aggressively and irrationally. He collapses and is helped to bed. Hilary searches the garbage and discovers his used syringes. She confronts him and he admits he was not finished with his chemotherapy. Victor explains that he wants quality in his life and Hilary says that he has been lying to her. She calls his father, who comes to take him home, but Victor wants to stay for one last Christmas party. Hilary and Victor reconnect at the party and he tells her that he is leaving with his father to go back to the hospital in the morning. After speaking with Victor's father, who says Victor wants to spend one night alone before leaving, Hilary goes back to the house they rented only to find Victor packing clothes, ready to run away and not go with his father to the hospital. Hilary confronts him about running away and Victor admits that he is afraid of hoping. At this confession, Hilary finally tells Victor she loves him and they then decide to go back to the hospital, where he will fight for his life with Hilary. The last frame of the movie shows Victor and Hilary leaving the house, which has a small picture of Gustav Klimt's Adam and Eve (the first painting Victor shows Hilary) in the window.
Mere Apne	Bollywood	drama	Gulzar	Anandi Devi (Meena Kumari) is an old widow who lives in a village. One day, she is visited by a distant relative, Arun Gupta (Ramesh Deo), who persuades her to live in town with him, his wife Lata (Sumita Sanyal), and a small child. She later realizes that they were looking for a maid, which results in her expulsion from the house and befriending a child beggar who takes her to his dilapidated home. Being good-natured and caring, she slowly earns the title of Nani Ma (maternal grandmother) among groups of youths led by Shyam (Vinod Khanna) and Chhenu (Shatrughan Sinha), who were in a constant fight with each other. The movie ends with her death from accidental gunfire in one such clash.
Kathputli	Bollywood	drama	Amiya Chakravarty	The film's story is about young Pushpa, an accomplished dancer and singer, who assists puppeteer Shivraj in his puppet show. Pushpa comes from a poor family, and is a good dancer and singer. She would like to assist a puppeteer with his makeshift dolls and puppet act. Unfortunately, he meets with an accident, and is hospitalized. Some of his puppets were also damaged during this accident. Pushpa approaches Loknath for work, and he gets her to work on stage, and would like her to become a movie star. Will Pushpa give up her simple life, and take on the glamorous route? It dealt with the theme of a godfather trying to control his protégé.[5]
Young Soul Rebels	British	drama	Isaac Julien	The film revolves around various plots. The central story-line is about a murder investigation involving one of the central characters (Valentine Nonyela) and his relationship with his girlfriend (Sophie Okonedo). The second narrative involves the relationship between a gay punk (Jason Durr) and a soulboy (Mo Sesay) and the racism and homophobia they face in both West Indian and white British communities. The film is a love story that can be seen as an allegory for racial and class solidarity, as their love transcends class and race barriers. Set in London in 1977, the plot takes place against the background of the Queen's Silver Jubilee. The film begins as buddy movie between two friends, Chris and Caz, who run a pirate radio station from a tower block in Dalston, East London. The film starts with the murder of their friend TJ while cruising for sex in the local park at night. While Caz is distraught by the death of his friend, Chris seems focused on balancing a professional career in commercial radio without selling out. They both want to promote soul music while the prevailing popular music is punk. The murder and the different paths they diverge on causes tension between buddies Chris and Caz. Chris discovers that he has a tape recording of the murder but fails to hand it in as evidence. He is then pulled in by the police as a suspect because he was in possession of TJ's cassette radio. He tries to call Caz but Caz is busy with his new boyfriend, Billibud, who is a punk that espouses the views of the Socialist Workers Party while wearing (admittedly nicked) Vivienne Westwood designer T-shirts. The character Billiibud gets his name from the fictional character Billy Budd from Herman Melville's novel Billy Budd, Sailor. In this novel Billy Budd is described as renowned for his good looks and gentle, innocent ways. Similarly, in the film Billibud is known for being good looking. However, in Melville's novel the character is also known for being on the less intelligent and gullible side, as seen for his inability to perceive ill will in other people and has an unpredictable tendency to stutter. In comparison, in the film Billibud is also portrayed as somewhat dimwitted[3]. Chris and Caz then have a showdown on the roof of the tower block and Chris nearly falls off the roof. He then meets Tracy and she persuades him to send the tape to the police, but not before he has made a copy. They then make love on a rooftop. On the day of the Silver Jubilee celebrations Caz and Billibud go to the street fair, where Billibud is attacked by the local skinheads. Caz and Billibud return home and make love. That evening Chris goes to the radio station but Caz is not there and the studio has been vandalised. He starts broadcasting Funk the Jubilee but feels is not the same without his partner Caz. Chris is then attacked by TJ's murderer who turns out to be someone he and Caz had thought of as a friend. He escapes but cannot find Caz. A grand reckoning takes place at an open air disco in the park where TJ was murdered. While Caz and Billibud are MCing, Chris attempts to warn them about the revelations regarding TJ's murderer. A Molotov cocktail is thrown onto the stage and Caz and Billibud begin trying to save the vinyl records. Chris puts on the tape of TJ's murder, but doing so requires going onto the stage, whereupon he falls to his death in the inferno of his own creation. The scene is a bitter-sweet microcosm of the racial and sexual tensions of the British 1970s, with skinheads hassling Chris and Caz, whites making snide remarks about how things have changed since their youth, and blacks stating how they were unable to decide if they hate whites, mixed-race people or batty boys most. Yet, despite all of this, youth in the clubs are enjoying the music, drinking, dancing and bonking inter-racially while paying no mind to the gay men around them. The film ends in a life-affirming scene with the two DJ buddies reconciling their differences while they clean records, which is followed by a one-by-one each of the friends joining into dance together.
Egaro	Bengali	drama	Arun Roy	Egaro is also the first celluloid tribute to the eleven Mohun Bagan players who won the shield, ten of them playing barefoot clad in folded dhotis with just one of them, Sudhir Chatterjee, wearing boots against a team with the right kit, boots, dress, infrastructural support and the typical bias of the White rulers against the coloured Ruled. But Egaro is not just about football. It is about the patriotic passion that drove these eleven players to unite thousands of Indians from the entire eastern regions who flocked in from Dhaka, Burdwan, Midnapore crossing barriers of caste, class, community and language to watch the players kick and beat up the British teams on the playing field without being punished by the rulers because it was all in the game. It is about the killer spirit where the killer took prominence not because it was a fight to finish, but because the final match was a battlefield where the winning could speed the movement against Imperial rule and towards freedom. It did, in a manner of speaking. After the historic win on 29 July 1911, the British felt pressured enough to shift its capital from Calcutta to Delhi on 12 December the same year. The film explores a parallel theme of an underground revolution brimming underneath following the Partition of Bengal in 1905 and the hanging of Khudiram Bose for attempting to kill Kingsford in 1908. Nagendra (Shankar Chakraborty) leads a group of young freedom fighters in a fight to eliminate high-ranking British officers with indigenous bombs and fire-arms without harming the old, the women and the children. He castigates one of his revolutionaries, also a Mohun Bagan player, for paying more attention to football than to the revolution. But over time, he is convinced that this final match is no less than the revolution he is leading. He comes to the finals and motivates the same member he threw out to rise and play when he faints during the match felled by one of the many false kicks of the British team. Mohun Bagan had entered the finals after having vanquished strong teams of the British side such as Rangers, St. Xaviers and Middlesex which consolidated the team’s confidence that the British teams were not as unconquerable as they thought. East Yorkshire Regiment scored one goal before half-time sending the entire audience into a tizzy and depressing the home team. But after half-time, the team scored two goals one by Captain Sibdas Bhaduri and the other by Abhilash Ghosh, a striker. The preparation towards the final match spans a major slice of the film including family and personal hurdles the team members face. Abhilash is a student at Scottish Church College, along with teammate Rajen Sengupta. Abhilash’s father does not care about his brilliant son’s involvement in a game that might anger the British rulers. Abhilash himself begins to rethink his stance because football, he feels, has reduced his duties towards those he loves. Sudhir Chatterjee, professor in the London Missionary Society College is insulted in the staff room by his British colleagues for daring to participate in a match against a British team. The Principal suspends him indefinitely. But Shibdas is determined to win even if one or two of the team drop out at the last minute. They don't. Two British citizens prove that they too, are human. One of them is the match referee Puller who refuses to bend under pressure by the powers-that-be to treat the match as a ‘must-win-or-else’ ego trip against native Indians. The other is Piggot, a player of the Middlesex team who was badly injured in one eye by an inadvertent kick delivered by Abhilash. He gives Abhilash a clean chit though the officers who visit him at the hospital urge him to pronounce the Indian team player’s kick as intentional. Egaro is a sports film where reality has been intermixed with elements of fiction. This makes the film more entertaining and exciting, filled with moments of suspense, hilarity, drama and a bit of romance thrown in delicately between Abhilash and Bina and the one-sided attraction his British colleague, the beautiful Elina feels towards her colleague Sudhir. Her reactions on the field where she sits on the British side and when Mohun Bagan scores each goal, she begins to fan herself rapidly to express her joy. The reactions of the audience provide a wonderful sense of relief and bonhomie and solidarity and patriotism bonded as one. Though three of the eight players are professional football players, their acting is beyond par and one cannot make the difference between the actors and the players. The cameos are wonderfully portrayed by renowned actors of Bengali cinema, theatre and television. The revolutionary segment is a bit overdrawn and dramatic at times. The tremendous violence by the police who kill revolutionary Satyen’s grandfather in prison could have been cut out. The flames of his pyre arousing flames of anger within his granddaughter Bina is a powerful touch. Gopi Bhagat’s cinematography in one word is brilliant. Indraneel Ghosh’s art direction reproduces the period with old mansions and homes with brick walls with the plaster peeling off, the roadside shop selling hot fritters, the college staff room, the prison cell with amazing accuracy. Mayukh-Moinak’s music is very good but the background score by Arijit Singh is a bit too loud drowning the ambient sounds and the dialogue at some places.
Assassin	British	drama	Peter Crane	The British government hires an assassin to kill a Ministry of Defence official suspected of leaking secrets.[2]
The Limping Man	British	drama	Cy Endfield	Former soldier Frank Prior arrives in London to visit a wartime girlfriend, whom he hasn't seen in six years. His plane's landing at the airport coincides with a fellow passenger being killed by a sniper. Scotland Yard inspector Braddock and detective Cameron are assigned to investigate. The dead man, identified as Kendal Brown, is carrying forged documents as well as a photograph that leads them to Pauline French, an actress. Pauline is the woman Frank has come to see. She also happens to be an expert marksman with a rifle. After they kiss, Pauline tells Frank that she had tried unsuccessfully to notify him to delay his visit. An autographed picture of another actress, Helene Castle, is found in Kendal Brown's flat. The detectives learn that Helene is the victim's ex-wife. In the meantime, Frank spends a few hours with Pauline on her boat. When they later go to a pub, a limping man seems to menace and unnerve Pauline, who runs away. Pauline confesses to Frank that she once let Kendal Brown use her boat for a smuggling operation. He began blackmailing her with letters she wrote, which Helene now possesses. At the theater, the limping man turns out to be George, the stage manager. But to everyone's shock, the late Kendal Brown turns up very much alive. The victim on the plane was a man he'd hired to impersonate him. After knocking the limping man unconscious, Kendal Brown ends up in a fistfight with Frank in the theater's balcony. But as these events reach their climax, a huge surprise is revealed, one involving Frank and his fellow passengers from the plane.
Blind Justice	American	drama	Richard Spence	Canaan, a mysterious gunfighter left nearly blind from Civil War combat, roams through Mexico with a baby he has sworn to protect. On his way to a town where a family will supposedly adopt the baby, Canaan passes through a border town where U.S. Cavalry officers assigned to deliver a shipment of silver are under attack from bandits. With some reluctance, Canaan steps in to help the soldiers.
Atlantic	British	drama	Ewald André Dupont	Atlantic is a drama film based on the RMS Titanic and set aboard a fictional ship, called the Atlantic. The main plotline revolves around a man who has a shipboard affair with a fellow passenger, which is eventually discovered by his wife. The ship also has aboard an elderly couple, the Rools, who are on their anniversary cruise. Midway across the Atlantic Ocean, the Atlantic strikes an iceberg and is damaged to the point where it is sinking into the Atlantic. A shortage of lifeboats causes the crew to only allow women and children in (though the captain allows a few men to take to the last remaining boats as the disaster reaches its zenith) and many couples are separated. Mrs. Rool refuses to leave her husband and after the boats are gone all the passengers gather on the deck and sing Nearer, My God, to Thee as the Atlantic sinks into the ocean. The final scenes depict a group of passengers saying the Lord's Prayer in a flooding lounge.
Ashamed	South_Korean	drama	Unknown	Arts professor Jung Ji-woo (Kim Sang-hyun) is searching for a nude model for a video clip that she will play at her exhibition. When Hee-jin (Seo Hyun-jin), one of her students, recommends Yoon Ji-woo (Kim Hyo-jin) for the job, the three women head to the beach to shoot the video. As they spend time together, Yoon Ji-woo begins to share pieces of her past relationship with Kang Ji-woo (Kim Kkot-bi). The film weaves through the pasts and presents of the three Ji-woos and focuses on their intersecting relationship.[6][7]
Echoes of the Rainbow	Hong Kong	drama	Alex Law	Eight-year-old Law Chun-yi (who goes by the nickname Big Ears) lives with his parents and his sixteen-year-old brother Desmond in a shoe shop on Wing Lee Street in late 1960s Hong Kong. Chun-yi looks up to his brother, who is a champion runner at the prestigious Diocesan Boys' School, earns top grades, is a talented musician, and is very popular; Chun-yi's parents and teachers often scold him for his poor attitude in learning (contradictory to his brother). Desmond has a girlfriend, Flora, who comes from a wealthy family. Flora's family moves away from Hong Kong to the United States, affecting Desmond's grades and performance in school. He also gradually becomes aware of the inequalities in Hong Kong society of that time, both through interactions with a cocky British policeman who extorts money from his father in exchange for letting them keep their shop (and who insists that Desmond will never be successful because his English isn't good enough) and through his first time seeing the inside of Flora's family's mansion. Most of this is told through Chun-yi, the film's narrator. Not long before Flora leaves, Desmond's grades start declining and he takes third place in a race he had hoped to win. One day he collapses suddenly after a typhoon nearly destroys the family's house, and his father takes him to the hospital, where he is diagnosed with leukemia. His parents search for a doctor who can cure him but find none, and his condition worsens until he has to remain in the hospital, where the nurses treat him poorly and extort money from his parents in exchange for basic care. Chun-yi, who spends much of his free time stealing trinkets around town, tries to offer them all to his brother in attempt to cheer him up, but Desmond doesn't accept any of them. Flora returns from the United States and visits him in the hospital, where they share their first kiss, but Desmond dies shortly thereafter. Years later Chun-yi, narrating retrospectively, remarks that time is the greatest thief. In the film's final scene, Chun-yi and his mother are shown visiting Desmond's grave, and Chun-yi, now a teenager, recounts a lesson Desmond had taught him about double rainbows.
Calendar Girl	American	drama	John Whitesell	While Marilyn Monroe is enjoying her rise to stardom and iconic pop culture status, three childhood friends are happy enough to sneakily obtain racy pictures of her for their pubescent enjoyment. Once they mature (at least by age), Roy has his eyes set on joining the Military despite his strained relationship with his father. His buddy, Scott, has a prosthetic leg and is to be married soon to his darling significant other Becky, and his other pal, Ned, known affectionately as Bleuer, works at a small town store and isn't initially as anxious to partake on this crazed notion as his friends. Thanks to Roy's Uncle, the three desirous and hapless friends shack up at his place out in California where they yearn to meet—if only for a brief second—the fabulous and stunning Miss Marilyn Monroe. Their quest leads to shenanigans and silliness ensues as they arrange the most brainless ideas to win over their idol. One includes corralling a sad cow to moo outside of Miss Monroe's luxurious residence, another has the guys speeding after Marilyn towards a nude beach and an entirely separate subplot has them dodging some bad guys that are after Roy. Eventually, however, it is up to Marilyn to pity the trio's collectively desperate agony. The boys devise a clever scheme to avoid Miss Monroe's hawkish maid and Roy slips in the question, to which Marilyn refuses a date. This leads to further despair amongst the trio. They begin to regret coming out for the trip and they decide to go out on the town one last time. Surprisingly, in a sudden twist, Monroe finally does agree to a date upon the sandy splendor of the Californian beach. Initially, while animosity has grown between the three friends, Roy is designated to be the lucky one that gets to hopefully canoe Miss Monroe, but nonchalantly, he passes off the opportunity to his buddy Bleuer who surprisedly agrees and treats the lovely Miss Monroe to a wonderful night that transcends any desire of the loins or other silliness. While Roy (in his macho way) is disappointed by Bleuer's effort, the boys return home to the sad news that Marilyn has abruptly died of a drug overdose. Back home, Scott continues his plans to marry his love, Becky, and Roy tussles with his father in the gym which leads to one last touching moment between the two before Roy is shipped out to boot camp. The last image seen is of Bleuer as he embraces his wild side and partakes in a wild telephone booth gathering that woos a local college girl in his favor.
The Flying Doctor	British	drama	Miles Mander	On his wedding night, Sandy Nelson decides to abandon his young bride, Jenny and to go work in Sydney as a painter on the Harbour Bridge. He befriends a doctor, John Vaughan, who is in love with a married woman. Vaughan decides to accept a job as flying doctor in the outback. Sandy gets in a brawl at a cricket match, serves time in prison, then heads for the outback and discovers gold. He is shot in a bar room fight and loses his eyesight. He then discovers Vaughan has fallen in love with Jenny, his former bride. When he realises Jenny loves Vaughan, Sandy decides to commit suicide, leaving his fortune to the Flying Doctors.
The Man They Couldn't Arrest	British	drama	T. Hayes Hunter	An amateur detective goes on the trail of a gang of violent criminals.[2]
Anokha Bandhan	Bollywood	drama	Mehul Kumar	Shyamlal (Navin Nischol) works as a clerk for the Zamindar (Ashok Kumar), he has a happy family with his wife Annapurna / Anu (Shabana Azmi), step-mother (Seema Deo) and step-brother Ram (Master Bittu). Anu promises her mother-in-law on her deathbed that she would take care of Ram as her own son and her mother-in-law passes away. After some time, Anu gives birth to a baby boy; even then her love and affection was much towards Ram. Ram and Annapurna's child live like real brothers. But their happiness was not to last much longer when Anu's mother (Shashikala) came to her house, who wants that Anu should hate Ram. Will Annapurna hate Ram or will their lives be the same?
The Common Touch	British	drama	John Baxter	At the age of 18, orphaned Peter Henderson leaves school in the middle of the term (after winning a cricket match) to take over the family firm, one of the most important in the City of London, as arranged by his late father. Cartwright, one of the company directors, tries to retain control of the decision-making, but Peter follows his father's explicit instructions to learn about the business. One day, Peter asks an employee about what occupies a certain city block his firm wants to demolish. (Cartwright and his cronies are secretly trying to enrich themselves.) The man tells him about Charlie's, a dosshouse. Peter and a former schoolmate disguise themselves to look the place over. While they are there, Charlie notifies everyone that the establishment will be closing soon, as it and the neighbouring tenements will be demolished. Inky, one of the residents, consults lawyer Lincoln's Inn. He has kept away from his beautiful daughter, cabaret performer Sylvia Meadows, because of his forgery and blackmailing past. He thinks he is the reason Sylvia has not married noted cricketer Stuart Gordon; Lincoln agrees to see what he can do. Peter eavesdrops when Charlie consults with Lincoln, and learns that Cartwright is involved in the eviction and is coming to Charlie's tomorrow. Inky sends a letter to his daughter via Peter, but she does not believe he can keep his word, as he has been unable to do so in the past. When Inky is told, he commits suicide for her sake; he leaves behind a letter which also reveals that he forged the signature of John Henderson on a document which he believes has something to do with the closing of Charlie's. However, Lincoln states they need to get their hands on some of Cartwright's papers as corroboration. They make Tich, a resident of Charlie's, look like a gentleman to use his nimble fingers. They go to Cartwright's suite, where Tich knocks out the butler, then opens the safe. With the information obtained, Peter informs Charlie's residents that his company will rebuild a new and better Charlie's.
33 Postcards	Australian	drama	Pauline Chan	Mei Mei (Zhu Lin) a 16-year-old Chinese orphan who has been supported by donations from her Australian sponsor Dean Randall (Guy Pearce), who sends her postcards that describe his family life. When her orphanage choir travels to Australia to participate in an Australian Choir Festival, Mei Mei takes the opportunity to find Dean with the hope he will make her part of his family. However, Mei Mei discovers the shocking truth – Dean is actually a convict in prison for manslaughter. Seeing Dean as her last chance at finding a home, Mei Mei decides to stay in Sydney until Dean gets his parole, in the meantime becoming naively entangled in the criminal world herself. To save Mei Mei from his own fate, Dean must make an impossible sacrifice.
Identity Crisis	American	drama	Melvin van Peebles	Melvin Van Peebles acts as the film's narrator, introducing the film's main characters. Yves Malmaison (Richard Fancy) is a world-famous French fashion designer, a flaming homosexual with a preference for red hair, he once experimented with an American woman, and thus he has a son, Sebastian (Ilan Mitchell-Smith). Chilly D (Mario Van Peebles) is a struggling rapper who has been stealing dresses made by Malmaison to redesign and give to his many girlfriends. On the night of a big fashion show, Malmaison is poisoned, and Chilly D is chased by the same people who poisoned the fashion designer. Through a turn of events, the souls of both men wind up in Chilly D's body. Several days later, following Malmaison's funeral, he wakes up in a hospital to discover, to his shock, that he is no longer in his own body. Stumbling the streets, confused, Yves as Chilly tries to piece together elements of his former life, with no such luck. Making things even more difficult is the fact that every time they are struck or hit, they switch between their two personalities, leading to confusion and disorientation for people they bump into. Yves manages to convince his son Sebastian that it is him, and they try to find out who killed him, finding that drug smugglers are trying to take over the company. At the end of the film, Chilly D manages to have all of Malmaison's memories, but still be himself, and so he and Sebastian go into business together.
Combination, TheThe Combination	Australian	drama	David Field	After serving time in gaol, Lebanese Australian John Morkos returns home. He finds work as a cleaner at a boxing gym, owned by an Aboriginal man. John also meets and begins a relationship with Sydney, an Anglo Australian after saving her from being assaulted by two men. John soon finds that his younger brother, Charlie, has been involved in fights between his Lebanese friends and the white students at school. Fearing that Charlie is going down the path he has been on, John tries to talk some sense into Charlie. Charlie ignores John's warnings and with his friend Zeus start selling methamphetamines for Ibo, the local drug kingpin. Not long after that, another one of Charlie's friends, Tom, punches a stranger in the head, after playing and losing an arcade game to him. The stranger's friend gets involved in the fight and later on Tom's friends join in. The stranger's friend holds Zeus in a headlock during the fight and while doing so Tom stabs him with a knife and ends up in jail. Meanwhile, John and Sydney's relationship blossoms. At school, tensions between the Lebanese and Anglo boys increase. The Anglos, led by Scott, gang-bash one of the Lebanese boys, breaking his jaw and nose. The rest of the Lebanese boys decide to take revenge on Scott but are persuaded by John not to do anything. Meanwhile, the relationship between John and Sydney blossoms but ends when Sydney's racist mother threatens to kick her out of the house if she doesn't stop seeing John. The two had a fight with John unwilling to tell Sydney of his past life. The couple soon make up after realising they both made a mistake. John also finds Charlie's stash of drugs and flushes it down the toilet. At a nightclub, Zeus starts a fight with Scott, punches him in the head and ends up shooting and killing him despite Charlie's attempts to dissuade him. Zeus is arrested by the police. Unable to come up with the drug money for Ibo, a drive-by shooting is carried out on the Morkos home by Ibo. John turns to the owner of the boxing gym for the money which he delivers to Ibo, but Charlie is murdered by Ibo with a shotgun when walking home from school. John avenges Charlie's death by savagely beating Ibo, and in the process, nearly killing him. John decides to leave Ibo's fate to Ibo's neighbours, who also hate the drug dealer, and returns home to his family and a pregnant Sydney.
To the Limit	American	drama	Raymond Martino	Anna Nicole Smith plays Vickie Lynn, an ex-CIA agent going by the pseudonym Collette who is attempting to track down the leader of an organization of trained assassins to exact revenge for the murder of her husband. Joey Travolta is Frank DaVinci, an ex Vietnam War veteran who is also after the same man for his own reasons. In light of this, they agree to work together to track him down with the help of Lynn's boyfriend, assassin China Smith, played by Michael Nouri. In the opening scenes, Vickie's husband is killed in a car bombing after they make love, which forces her to go into hiding. Meanwhile, Da Vinci's wedding is interrupted when a large group of masked gunmen attack the ceremony resulting in a massive shootout where Da Vinci is wounded, but his young bride Lupe (played by Rebecca Ferratti) is killed, along with several civilians, as well as several of Da Vinci's bodyguards, and all of the attacking gunmen are killed as well. In the hospital, another attempt is made on Da Vinci's life when a female assassin, named Maryann, attempts to kill him in his hospital bed by injecting a syringe into his I.V. drip, but he survives by pulling out the I.V. drip in time. After this, Da Vinci goes into hiding at his retreat house in Las Vegas. Six months later, Da Vinci recovers enough when, by chance, he runs into Vickie whom they agree to help each other find the person responsible for the losses of their loved ones. The perpetrator is revealed to be corrupt and ruthless CIA officer Arthur Jameson (played by Jack Bannon). Knowing he and Lynn (still going by the name Collette) can't face Jameson alone, he enlists the help of his war colleagues (Branscombe Richmond and Gino Dente) and two ex mobster brothers named Philly (John Aprea), and Joey Bambino (David Proval) to find the location of Jameson's hideout.
Sigh	Chinese	drama	Feng Xiaogang	Liang Yazhou (Zhang) is a successful, middle-aged TV screenwriter from Beijing. While in Hainan working on a new script, Liu Dawei (Fu) assigns young and beautiful Li Xiaodan (Liu) to him as an assistant. Yazhou and Xiaodan are mutually attracted to each other, but Yazhou is already married to Song Xiaoying (Xu), with whom he has a daughter. To break off the connection, he changes his plans and returns to Beijing. However, as soon as Yazhou and Xiaoying return to Beijing, they begin having an affair. When Xiaoying finds out about Yazhou's affair, she is furious and initially demands a divorce. Relations between Yazhou and Xiaoying become extremely strained. They separate, and Xiaoying eventually accepts Yazhou's affair for the sake of their young daughter Yueyue. Despite Xiaoying's tolerance, Yazhou remains caught between the two women, on one hand being spoiled by Xiaodan and, on the other, being an attentive father in front of Xiaoying and Yueyue. Even with Xiaodan demanding marriage, Yazhou finds himself unable to divorce his wife, due to the harmful impact their separation has already had on Yueyue. Xiaoying immerses herself in renovating the home she and Yazhou purchased before their fall out. When she injures her back after falling off a ladder, Yazhou is forced to leave Xiaodan to care for Xiaoying. He finally comes to appreciate how much his wife did for him - cooking, cleaning, taking care of their daughter, attending to his needs - so that he could write without distraction. During this time, Yazhou and Xiaodan rarely see each other, and Yazhou and Xiaoying appear to have fully repaired their relationship. On Yazhou's 42nd birthday, Xiaodan goes to his home with a gift, only to be spotted by Xiaoying. Xiaoying insists that she come inside, saying that they should temporarily put aside their hostility, and celebrate Yazhou's birthday. She reminisces about her relationship with her husband, telling Xiaodan about how they met and fell in love. After this visit, Yazhou and Xiaodan end their affair. The film ends with Yazhou and his family happily playing on a beach in Hainan. He receives a mysterious phone call. The last shot is of his surprised face when he turns around and presumably sees someone.
With Honors	American	drama	Alek Keshishian	Monty Kessler, an honors student in the Government program at Harvard University, rooms with art student Courtney Blumenthal, radio DJ and trust fund child Everett Calloway, and neurotic pre-med student Jeff Hawkes. Monty is the pet project of Professor Pitkannan, a Nobel Laureate and government cynic. While working on his thesis, Monty loses his work when his computer crashes. As he leaves to make copies of his sole printed version, he breaks his ankle and drops his thesis down a steam vent and into the boiler room of Widener Library, where he sees a disheveled man reading it, then burning the thesis page by page. The homeless man demands compensation for not burning it. Monty calls the university police, who arrest the man, but the thesis is missing. In his court appearance, the man's name is revealed to be Simon B. Wilder. After convincing the judge to dismiss the charges against him, he is then held on contempt. Monty pays Simon's fine to get his thesis back. Although Simon blames Monty for getting him kicked out of the library, the two of them work out a deal: Simon will give one page for each service Monty provides. Simon takes up residence in Everett's broken-down van in the backyard of Monty's house. Confronted by his roommates, Monty assures them he will get Simon out quickly. Simon mentors Monty, and the two become close friends. Monty discusses his absentee father, and Simon responds by showing him his collection of memories, a bag of stones, each of which reminds him of a specific memory. With time, some of the roommates appreciate Simon's presence. Courtney appreciates the new, gentler Monty, and Everett agrees to exchange wine for Simon's fixing the van. Jeff, however, resents paying for extra food and fears the possible reactions of his visiting parents. On a particularly cold night, Jeff rejects Monty's request for Simon to sleep in the cellar, threatening to move out with his share of the rent. When Monty lies to Simon, Simon sees through his deception and leaves. After the others leave for Christmas break, Simon sends a homeless friend to deliver the rest of the thesis and a philosophical message. The friend tells Monty that Simon does not want to see him but gives Monty his location; Monty finds Simon in the street, wheezing and coughing. Monty takes Simon home and tells him he can stay there as long as he likes. Simon tells Monty he has asbestosis from his days in the Merchant Marines. Touched by Monty's courtesy, Simon agrees to accept government benefits to pay his way. Simon is shocked when Monty throws out his old thesis and writes a new one. As the roommates return, Monty introduces Simon as their new housemate, but Jeff threatens to leave again; eventually, the two reconcile. While writing his own obituary, Simon reveals to Monty that he left his own family. Though angry, Monty forgives him and brings Simon to the biggest party of the year on campus. As the two watch Courtney dance, Simon recognizes that Monty loves her; following Simon's advice, Monty pursues Courtney, and the two kiss. Late that night, Monty and Courtney find Simon collapsed in the hallway. Monty agrees to take Simon to see his long-lost son, Frank, even though it will mean missing his thesis deadline. The entire household sets off on a road trip. Monty convinces Frank to meet with Simon, and Frank berates Simon for leaving. When Frank's daughter approaches, Frank tells her that Simon is nobody and leaves. Simon breaks down and grabs a stone for a memory. Simon expresses his desire to die alone, but Monty convinces him to return home with them; they take turns reading poetry to him before he dies. The four friends bury Simon in a cemetery, reading Simon's final obituary. Monty meets with Professor Pitkannan. While Pitkannan disagrees with Monty's thesis and new approach to government, he appreciates his beliefs and effort. He regrets that because Monty turned his paper in late, he could not graduate summa cum laude. At the graduation ceremony, Monty grabs a stone for his own memory.
Jwar Bhata	Bollywood	drama	Amiya Chakravarty	An elderly man has two daughters named Rama (Shamim) and Renu (Mridula) of marriageable age. When the millionaire scion Narendra (Aga Jaan), who is slated to marry Rama, disguises himself to take a peak at his future bride, he mistakes Renu for Rama, and the two fall in love. When the mistake is discovered after the wedding, Renu curses God and is kicked out the house for heresy. She meets a wandering musician named Jagdish (Dilip Kumar), before returning home to learn that her sister is pregnant and terminally ill. They are faced with the stark choice of saving the life of the mother or the foetus, until Renu makes up with God, prompting a miracle.
Jack the Bear	American	drama	Marshall Herskovitz	Jack Leary and his younger brother Dylan start over in Oakland, California in 1972 following the death of their mother Elizabeth. The boys live with their father John, who entertains late-night horror film audiences as Midnight Shriek host-commentator Al Gory. John has a drinking problem that disrupts the smooth running of the household. Some parental duties fall to Jack, who takes Dylan to his first day of preschool. One of the Learys' neighbors, a young man named Norman Strick, who walks with a cane due to a car accident as a teen, is an anti-social neo-Nazi who feels the neighborhood is going downhill. Jack has a love affair with his classmate Karen Morris. Jack's friend and next door neighbor Dexter, who comes from a broken home with his grandparents, begins suffering a downward spiral after his grandmother died while becoming acquainted with Norman. On Halloween, having given Dexter a Nazi costume, Norman approaches John to ask for a donation for a racially prejudiced candidate. During an airing of Invasion of the Body Snatchers, a drunken John interrupts the movie and mimics the racially charged beliefs of Norman while naming the candidate. The next day, Jack is woken when Norman's golden retriever Cheyenne dies on their front lawn from poisoning, John apologizes for his actions on television while giving his condolences despite Norman refusing to shake his hand. Backlash from John's previous actions on his show jeopardizes his job and endangers Jack's relationship with Karen. Taking out his anger on Dylan and leaving him with Dexter, Jack learns that his brother was taken by Norman. Jack calls the police as he and John are extremely worried until Dylan is found in a nearby forest a few days later and taken to the hospital, traumatized by the ordeal of being left to die in the wilderness to the point of being rendered mute. Three days later, bringing Dylan home with Norman not seen for days, John begins getting agitated to the point of taking out his frustration at the Strick home with a bat, terrorizing the Stricks for their son's whereabouts before destroying Norman's beloved T-Bird. Fearing for his current state of mind, John lets his in-laws take the boys to their home in Los Angeles as he decides to shape up. Jack sneaks back to Oakland and falls asleep watching The Wolf Man. By the time John arrives home, Norman cuts the power as he sneaks into the house. Stirred awake by the outage, Jack is aware that someone intruded but accidentally knocks John out with a bat. Found by Norman, Jack runs upstairs and out the bathroom window to a branch of a nearby tree with Norman in pursuit as John regains consciousness. However, chased up to the higher point of the tree, Jack watches Norman losing his grip and falling into the backyard behind the Leary house where he is mauled to death by the neighbor's Doberman Pinschers. Soon after, as Norman's parents move away, Dylan returns home while John gets his job back with his show now airing more comical horror films like Abbott and Costello. One afternoon, the neighborhood children all appear and ask if John will play one of his monster games with them as usual. After his experiences with Norman, John tells the children he won't play the monster game anymore. When they ask him why, John sees Dexter smoking a cigarette while realizing he's going down a dark path. John looks to the children that there are real monsters out there, but he promises to play a better game with them. Later finding Jack playing his mother's lullaby on the piano while getting Dylan to say the lullaby's title, John tries to comfort his son when he breaks down crying. As John gives Jack and himself closure, the two embrace Dylan after he says the title of Elizabeth's lullaby: Jack the Bear. The next day, with their lives beginning to return to normal, John watches his sons playing in the front yard.
Helen of Four Gates	British	drama	Cecil Hepworth	Helen (Taylor) marries a young man who has poisoned her mind against her other suitor Abel Mason (Carew) by convincing her that there is hereditary madness in the Mason family. Within two years Helen's husband is dead and she is dying. She entrusts her baby daughter to Abel to bring up, as she has no family to call on. Abel agrees to take the baby, but Helen does not realise that it is out of desire to gain revenge on her for rejecting him rather than through any altruistic motive. The baby (also called Helen) grows up believing Abel to be her father, and subject to his bullying and cruelty. As a young woman she meets Martin Scott (George Dewhurst), a student working as seasonal labour on a local farm. The pair fall in love, but Abel now tells Martin of the supposed madness in the Mason blood and Martin breaks off the engagement as a result. The despairing Helen tries without success to follow him over the moors. She is waylaid by Fielding Day (John MacAndrews), an itinerant acquaintance of Abel, who has entered into an agreement with Abel to marry Helen and make her as unhappy as possible, in return for a share in Abel's farm. Helen reluctantly agrees to the marriage as a means of stopping local gossip about how she was jilted by Martin. A year passes and Helen finds herself trapped in a nightmare marriage while now also having to care for Abel, who has been paralysed by a stroke. She finally discovers that Abel is not her natural father, and in despair tries to drown herself but is rescued by a local farmer. At his home she finds Martin, who has returned to the area unable to forget her. They renew their courtship, but are seen together by Fielding, who beats Helen severely as punishment. Helen escapes from the house and takes flight with Martin onto the moors. Fielding pursues them and tries to shoot them, but is prevented from doing so by a local farm worker who has witnessed the scene and harbours a previous grudge against Fielding. A struggle ensues, during which Fielding falls from a rock and breaks his neck. Helen determines to leave Abel alone to his fate, as she and Martin start to make plans for their future.
Sarkari Mehmaan	Bollywood	drama	N. D. Kothari	Police inspector Anand is very honest, he is known for his honesty, diligence and bravery. He single-handedly captures and arrests notorious smuggler and criminal Jack (Ranjit), who is sentenced to several years of jail. Anand (Vinod Khanna) in disguise, also captures gangster Gulkhan (Amjad Khan), who is also sentenced to a long term in jail. Anand's wife Rekha is not very honest and trustworthy and has an affair with another man named Somesh. There are a lot of fights and arguments between husband and wife and Anand threatens to kill her. He starts following his wife hoping to catch her and Somesh red-handed. Shortly after that, Rekha and Somesh are found dead and Anand is arrested for their murder, though he has not killed them. To prove his innocence and to find the real murderers, he escapes from jail and surprisingly comes back face to face with his foes. Ultimately, he is proved innocent and the real murderer is arrested.[5]
Silent Dust	British	drama	Lance Comfort	Simon Rawley is reported killed in the last days of World War II, and his blind father Robert (Murray) decides to build a cricket pavilion in his memory in the local village. His neighbour Lord Clandon (Seymour Hicks) urges him to extend the dedication to all the local men who gave their lives in the war, but Robert refuses. Planning and construction take some time and three years pass, during which Simon's widow Angela (Gray) falls in love with local doctor's son Maxwell Oliver (Derek Farr) whilst they have both been posted to Occupied Germany after the war. Robert cannot help feeling that this is disloyal to his dead son, but his second wife Joan (Campbell) does her best to convince him that Angela is entitled to search for happiness again. The pavilion is finally completed and plans are in place for the grand dedication and opening. The local police are meanwhile looking for a villain who coshed a motorist and stole his car in London, and has dumped the car in the vicinity. Robert surprises an intruder in the house that evening. He is closely followed by Angela, who to her great shock recognises her dead husband Simon (Patrick). He signals to her not to let Robert know his identity. Later he comes up with elaborate excuses to Angela to explain his resurrection and lack of contact since the war, but she soon sees through the lies. It is subsequently revealed that, far from dying a hero's death on the battlefield, Simon was a deserter who faked his own death. Since the war he has been making a living on the wrong side of the law as a black-marketeering spiv. Now down on his luck, he has returned (in the stolen car) to try to extort money. Angela has to let Joan in on Simon's return from the dead, and the two try desperately to shield Robert from the knowledge of his son's return in such circumstances, aware that the shattering of his illusions would destroy him. The unscrupulous Simon, learning of Angela's new attachment to Maxwell, demands £5,000 to leave for good. Robert gradually comes to realise that something very strange is going on, and little by little manages to piece together that Simon is in hiding somewhere in the house. He finally manages to track him down and a struggles ensues, climaxing with Simon falling to his death from a balcony. With his son's perfidy finally revealed to all, Robert agrees to change the dedication of the pavilion, as Lord Clandon had requested all along.
Rocket Gibraltar	American	drama	Daniel Petrie	Levi Rockwell is a retired, widowed Hollywood screenwriter and patriarch who reunites his entire family at his Long Island estate for his 77th birthday, but personal and social problems abound. His four children, son Rolo, and daughters Ruby, Rose and Aggie arrive, along with their spouses and children, to help him celebrate his 77th birthday. During the course of the family reunion, Levi's health begins to fail and he passes on a sentimental request that he be given a 'Viking Funeral' after his death. With his adult children consumed by their own personal worries, the grandchildren honors Levi's last wishes.
Oh Mong-nyeo	South_Korean	drama	Na Woon-gyu	This literary adaptation tells the story of Oh Mong-nyeo, a young woman living with her adopted father in a seaside village. When men in the village attempt to rape her, she escapes by boat with her boyfriend to seek a better life elsewhere.
 Thirst	Australian	drama	Robert Carter	Set in 2017, four people isolated in their different ways, are trapped, with little water, in the desert outback of Australia. Against impossible odds can they find meaning, connection, laughter... even love before it is too late? Kit, a beautiful 18-year-old, fostered since birth, goes on the run with 17-year-old Zac, the son of her foster family following a near fatal shooting. They head for the desert where Kit remembers seeing on television abandoned mining huts where they could take refuge. In the desert, living in just such a hut, a woman, Minna searches for something mysterious, digging deep holes everywhere. When a mining company employee, Boyce, arrives from head office to take Minna back to the city, several days drive away, she refuses to go. A violent struggle ensues and the two become stranded with no way back. Kit and Zac, out of petrol, arrive and the four are reluctantly thrust together to survive. Boyce, a wise-cracking, failed comedian; Minna, intelligent scientist, obsessively searching for something mysterious; Kit, drop-dead gorgeous, believing she cannot love; Zac, crazy for Kit but with no idea how to connect. Isolated in their different ways, the four are forced to make choices that challenge their ideas of themselves, expose their true needs, and offer the chance to live a whole life in a day.
The Doctor	American	drama	Randa Haines	Dr Jack McKee is a successful surgeon at a leading hospital. He and his wife, Anne, have all the trappings of success, although Jack works such long hours that he rarely has time to see their son and has become somewhat emotionally dead to his wife. His bedside manner with his patients, in many cases seriously ill, is also lacking. The decorum in the operating theater is very casual and the chatter between him and his partner, Dr. Murray Kaplan, not particularly professional. (When a patient with a chest scar mentions her husband wants to know if it will go away, Jack responds that she should tell him that she is just like a Playboy centerfold, because she has the staple marks to prove it.) Returning home from a charity event, Jack has a coughing fit. His wife is shocked when he coughs up blood all over her and the car. In an examination, Jack has a sample of a growth removed from his throat. The biopsy comes back positive for cancer. His time spent with another, cold impersonal surgeon in this examination is the beginning of his transformation. Further tests and disappointments are blended with scenes of other patients' grace and empathy towards each other and a much better view of the delays and missteps of their doctors and medical support personnel. As Jack experiences life as a patient, there comes a clearer understanding of the emotionally void hospitals, some doctors, and his own colleagues can display. He befriends June Ellis, a fellow cancer patient who has an inoperable brain tumor. She gets him to promise to never lie or mislead a patient again. Jack begins to bark at the medical establishment. Jack and June take off to see a native Indian show but the pace is too much for her. His wife, meanwhile, struggles to understand Jack's relationship with June. Jack's radiation treatment does not stop the cancer on his vocal cords. His despair ends in a confrontation with Dr. Leslie Abbott, the surgeon treating him whom he provokes in a heated discussion. Jack asks a colleague he has previously ridiculed, Dr. Eli Bloomfield, to perform his needed surgery. Jack apologizes for his and Murray's insulting behavior, to which Eli replies with a smile, Well, Jack, I've always wanted to slit your throat, and now I've got the chance. Eli's bedside manner is a perfect example for Jack. Jack's cancer is treated and cured, but June dies. The experience changes Jack forever. When he returns to work, he begins to teach new medical interns about the importance of showing compassion and sensitivity towards their patients, which in turn will make them better doctors. Jack puts the interns in patient gowns, assigns them various illnesses and orders all the tests for them to feel the experience that they will soon put their patients through.
Postman	Chinese	drama	He Jianjun	Xiao Dou (Feng Yuanzheng) is a shy and naive mailworker living in Beijing with his sister. When a coworker is fired for reading people's correspondences Xiao Dou takes over the same mail route. He soon finds himself indulging in the same curiosity, eventually developing an obsession. Xiao Dou chooses to spend time reading letters instead of socializing with friends or coworkers. As he becomes increasingly tied to the letters, he begins to intervene in the lives of those who write and receive the letters. As Xiao Dou's amorality and detachment become more severe, his obsessions expand, as he engages in an incestuous relationship to his own sister. By the end of the film, Xiao Dou no longer considers the feelings of anyone else.
Dil Aashna Hai	Bollywood	drama	Hema Malini	Laila (Divya Bharti), brought up in a brothel, is a cabaret dancer in Digvijay Singh's (Kabir Bedi) five-star hotel. One day, Laila receives a phone call from her mother who is just about to die, who tells her the shocking news; that she was not her real mother, and that Laila was an adopted child. Karan (Shah Rukh Khan) falls in love with Laila. Laila is aided by Karan in the search for her real mother. Her search leads them to Razia (Farida Jalal), who divulges that 18 years ago, there were three naughty girls in her college: Barkha (Dimple Kapadia), Raaj (Amrita Singh) and Salma (Sonu Walia). They were in love with their respective boyfriends: Sunil (Mithun Chakraborty), Prince Arjun (Jeetendra) and Akram (Naseer Abdullah). One day they found out that one of them is pregnant (not mentioned then who). They take a house from Razia and get the baby delivered. Soon when the baby is six months old, she is sent to Razia and they promise that whoever from them will be the first to get married will adopt her, and they name her Sitara. Karan finds out that Barkha is now the health and wealth minister, Raj is training horses for polo and has married Arjun, and Salma is the principal of St. Teresa's (the college she studied in) and has married Akram. They are no longer in touch with each other. Karan and Laila invite the three women to a place giving them different reasons for the invitation. After a naughty dance show by Laila, when Laila/Sitara confronts them, they turn and go away. It is revealed that Salma was the first one to marry, but was scared to tell her in-laws about Sitara. Digvijay Singh throws Laila out of his hotel, and when she's about to get attacked by a street gang, Prince Arjun rescues her and takes her home. During a Diwali party, a person insults Sitara in front of everyone and then Barkha confesses that she is Sitara's mother. While she is about to go and give her resignation letter, Sitara asks her about her father and Barkha tells her that he left to the United States for some kind of military training and never heard from him again. Raaj and Salma come to pay a visit to Sitara, while Barkha has gone to give her resignation from her post. Then some paid criminals come and kidnap them. These thugs have been sent by Digvijay and Govardhan Das. Karan goes to rescue them with Barkha and Prince, while fighting, suddenly Sunil comes as a navy officer. One of the goons is about to shoot Karan when Digvijay Singh comes and shoots the goon and accepts Sitara.
Cal	British	drama	Pat O'Connor	Cal (John Lynch) is a young Catholic member of the Irish Republican Army (IRA) in 1970s Northern Ireland. He is used as a driver on a nighttime murder of a member of the Royal Ulster Constabulary (RUC). The murder takes place at the victim's home in view of his family. The victim's dying words are a call for his wife, Marcella. One year later, Cal learns that the victim's widow is a librarian, Marcella (Helen Mirren), a Catholic woman. Burdened with guilt over his role in the murder, Cal tries to leave the IRA, but is pressured to remain a member. He and his father live in the city, where they are threatened with loyalist gangs and Orange Order marches on their street. Wishing to atone in some way for assisting in the murder of Marcella's husband, Cal seeks work in her family's Protestant home. Initially he works as a hand on their farm, and later moves into a small cottage on their land. Marcella is not happy in her home, feeling trapped by her deceased husband's family. Over time, Cal and Marcella begin a love affair—with Marcella unaware of Cal's role in her husband's death. Eventually, Cal is found by his IRA unit and is threatened with murder if he does not continue working as a driver. While he is Christmas shopping for Marcella and her child, he is abducted by the IRA. The car is stopped by a British Army checkpoint. In the ensuing gunfire, Cal escapes and makes his way to Marcella's home, where he confesses his role in the murder. Cal is pursued to the house by the RUC, and in the film's final scene both Cal and Marcella are seen in their respective prisons—Cal on his way to prison in a police van, and Marcella on her way back to her in-laws' home.
Never Look Back	British	drama	Francis Searle	Anne Maitland is the King's Counsel who receives an unexpected late-night visit from ex-boyfriend Guy Ransome (Middleton). When Ransome is then accused of murdering his mistress on the same night, Anne takes on his defense. In a court battle against Nigel Stewart, a barrister who is madly in love with her, Maitland clears Ransome of murder by disclosing her earlier relationship with him, and that he was staying in her flat on the night of the crime. However, when it is discovered that Ransome did commit the murder, Maitland's reputation is in tatters. But this failure leaves her finally able to marry Nigel Stewart when he is no longer a professional threat.[5]
Pakeezah	Bollywood	drama	Kamal Amrohi	Set in Muslim Lucknow at the turn of the century, the movie centers on the mental plight of a tawaif (courtesan and dancer) and their longing to be loved, accepted and respected by society. In the eponymous role, Nargis (Meena Kumari), finds love and dreams of marrying the man she loves, Shahabuddin (Ashok Kumar). However, the patriarch of Shahabuddin's family, Hakim Saab (D.K. Sapru) rejects this alliance, as he finds it unacceptable to welcome a tawaif in his respected family. Dejected, Nargis flees to a nearby cemetery and lives there, ultimately giving birth to a daughter before passing away. On her deathbed, she writes Shahabuddin a letter asking him to come for his newborn daughter. Nargis' sister, Nawabjaan (Veena), a brothel madam, finds the girl first and brings her back to the kotha. When Nargis' belongings are sold several years later, a book lover finds the letter in her book and posts it. Shahabuddin comes to collect his now adult daughter, Sahibjaan (also played by Meena Kumari). But Nawabjaan takes her niece and flees by train to another town. While traveling by train, a dashing young enters Sahibjaan's compartment by happenstance. He is struck by her beauty, and leaves her a note with the famous lines: Aapke paon dekhe, bahut haseen hain. Inhein zameen par mat utariyega... maile ho jaayenge [I saw your feet - they are very beautiful. Please don't step on the ground, as they will get dirty]. Sahibjaan falls in love with this mysterious stranger, and yearns to meet him. The note gives Sahibjaan hope even as she avoids unwelcome attention from her patrons while entertaining them. One particular patron, the aggressive Nawab Zafar Ali Khan (Kamal Kapoor), wishes to own Sahibjaan, and takes her to his boat for the night. The boat is attacked by elephants and Sahibjaan is carried away by the fast flowing river in a broken boat. As fate would have it, she is taken to the riverside tent of a forest ranger, Salim Ahmed Khan (Raaj Kumar). Alone with his diary, she reads how he was the same man who had earlier left her a note on her feet, and left for her to read it while travelling in the same compartment. Sahibjaan finally meets the stranger, but feigns amnesia to avoid telling him her true identity. Before sunset, Nawabjaan tracks Sahibjaan and brings her back to the kotha. The paths of Sahibjaan and Salim cross again, but Hakim Saab stands in the way of Salim's wishes. Salim and Sahibjaan eventually elope to live peacefully. But trials and tribulations await Sahibjaan, as she is recognized by men wherever she goes in the company of Salim. When Salim anoints her Pakeezah (Pure of Heart) to legally marry her, she refuses, and returns to the brothel. Although heartbroken, Salim eventually decides to marry someone else, and invites Sahibjaan to perform a mujra at his wedding, to which Sahibjaan agrees. During this event, Nawabjaan recognises Shahabuddin and calls him to witness the irony of the situation; his own daughter dancing and entertaining his family. Shahabuddin's father tries to shoot Nawabjaan to silence her, but instead ends up killing Shahabuddin. With his dying breath, Shahabuddin asks Salim to marry Sahibjaan. Finally, Salim's doli [palanquin] defies all conventions and arrives at Sahibjaan's kotha, thus fulfilling her wishes and leading to a happy, emotion-charged ending.
The Passion of Darkly Noon	American	drama	Philip Ridley	Darkly Noon (Fraser) is a young man who has spent his entire life as a member of an ultraconservative Christian cult. He received his unusual name from a passage on the Bible. After a violent altercation that results in the dissolution of the cult and the death of Darkly's parents, a disoriented Darkly wanders into a forest in the Appalachian region of North Carolina and is rescued from exhaustion by a coffin transporter named Jude (Loren Dean) and his friend Callie (Ashley Judd). Callie nurses Darkly back to health, but Darkly is frustrated by the conflict between his religious past and his attraction to his new companion. Darkly's frustration intensifies when Clay (Viggo Mortensen), Callie's mute boyfriend who builds the coffins Jude sells, returns home after being away for a few days. When Darkly encounters Clay's mother, Roxy (Grace Zabriskie), his internal conflicts grow even stronger. Roxy despises the relationship between Clay and Callie, and tells Darkly that she believes Callie is a witch bent on destroying Roxy's family. Finally, in the film's climax, Darkly's rage boils over. Having wrapped himself in barbed wire and armed with one of Clay's chisels, he bursts into Callie and Clay's house, intent on murdering the couple, whom he discovers having sex. After a scene of horrific destruction, Darkly is finally tamed by Callie's confession that she loves him. Unfortunately for Darkly, Jude arrives, rifle in hand, to rescue Callie and Clay. Jude shoots Darkly, who laments, Who will love me now? as he lies dying.
The Beloved	British	drama	George P. Cosmatos	A beautiful but frustrated housewife begins an affair with a former childhood friend. When her suspicious husband starts to show signs of jealousy, the adulterous couple plot to murder him.
Night Ride	British	drama	John Paddy Carstairs	Young truck driver Dick Benson (Jimmy Hanley) and friend Alf Higgins (Wally Patch) set up their own haulage company with the financial backing of Tony Spinelli (Julian Vedey), an Italian restaurant owner. However, their former boss Arthur Wilson (Frank Petley), concerned about the competition, uses underhand methods to try and sabotage the enterprise. Wilson sends his attractive daughter Ruth (Elizabeth Kent) to seduce Dick, and a group of thugs to work over their trucks. Wilson very nearly succeeds, but Dick and the truckers make a success of themselves by rescuing miners trapped in a flooded mine.
Healing	Australian	drama	Craig Monahan	A man named Viktor Kahdem has almost given up on life because he has been sentenced to a low-security prison farm with a non-threatening environment where it still seems like some individuals can be reformed. At Won Wron, a case worker named Matt Perry has established a special kind of program to rehabilitate broken men by giving them the responsibility for rehabilitating injured raptors. Against all odds, Viktor meets Matt and becomes his number one test case and is introduced to Yasmine, the majestic wedge tailed eagle with a 2-metre wingspan. If these two can tame each other, anything is possible.
The Pillow Book	British	drama	Peter Greenaway	The film's title, The Pillow Book, refers to an ancient Japanese diary written by Sei Shōnagon, actual name believed to be Kiyohara Nagiko, from whence the protagonist's name in the film. The film is narrated by Nagiko, a Japanese born model living in Hong Kong. Nagiko seeks a lover who can match her desire for carnal pleasure with her admiration for poetry and calligraphy. The roots of this obsession lie in her youth in Kyoto, when her father would write characters of good fortune on her face. Nagiko's father celebrates her birthday retelling the Japanese creation myth and writing on her flesh in beautiful calligraphy, while her aunt reads a list of beautiful things from Sei Shōnagon's Pillow Book. Nagiko's aunt tells her that when she is twenty-eight years old, the official book of observations will be officially 1000 years old, and that she, Nagiko, will be the same age as Sei Shōnagon when she had written the book (in addition to sharing her first name). Nagiko also learns around this time that her father is in thrall to his publisher, Yaji-san, who demands sexual favours from her father in exchange for publishing his work. The publisher arranges Nagiko's wedding to his young apprentice. Her husband, an expert archer, resents Nagiko's love for books and her desire to read, in spite of his apprenticeship. He also refuses to indulge in her desires for pleasure, refusing to write on her body. When he discovers and reads Nagiko's pillow book, he is extremely resentful, setting it on fire and thus setting fire to their marital home, an event which Nagiko describes to be the 'first major fire of [her] life.' Insulted and enraged, Nagiko leaves him for good. Hiding from her husband, Nagiko moves to Hong Kong. In spite of her aversion to the practice, she learns how to type to find work. Outside her apartment, a group of activists regularly protest the publishing industry for the depletion of forests due to the need to make paper. After working as a secretary in the office of a Japanese fashion designer for a while, Nagiko's employer takes a liking to her and makes her one of his models. As a successful fashion model, Nagiko hires a maid, as she now finally has the opportunity to explore her sexual desires of being written on. However, after several affairs, she feels dissatisfied with them all: either they have great penmanship and are lousy lovers, or vice versa. One day, at the Cafe Typo, Nagiko's favourite haunt, she meets Jerome, a British translator. Intrigued by his knowledge, they go to a private space where she has Jerome write on her body in various languages. In spite of her interest, Nagiko dislikes Jerome's handwriting and orders him out. Jerome totally shocks Nagiko, however, when he asks her to teach him, offering her to write on his body. Opening his shirt, he offers Nagiko to Use my body like the pages of a book. Of your book!. Nagiko has never considered this aspect in her desires before: her lovers always write on her body. When she backs out and runs, Jerome laughs at her. Frightened but very intrigued by Jerome's suggestion, Nagiko has several one-night stands in which she experiments writing on their bodies. One of the activists, admirer Hoki, a Japanese photographer who adores her, begs Nagiko to take him as a lover. She explains she can't, as his skin's no good for writing: whenever she writes on him, the ink smears and runs. Hoki, not wanting Nagiko to keep carrying on like she is, suggests she try writing a book, offering to take it to a renowned publisher he freelances for. Nagiko likes this idea and writes her first book. Nagiko's book is returned, being told the book is not worth the paper it's written on!. Insulted, Nagiko follows the address on the envelope to confront the publisher. Nagiko is shocked to discover that the publisher who rejected her work is in fact Yaji-san, her father's old publisher. What's more, the publisher has a young lover: Jerome. Devising a plan, Nagiko decides that she will get to the publisher through Jerome. Meeting up with Jerome again, Nagiko discovers he has learned a few more languages, and his penmanship has greatly improved. Nagiko and Jerome spend several weeks exploring this, writing on each other and making love. Nagiko soon realises that, in Jerome, she has found the perfect lover she has been searching for: the partner with whom she can share her physical and her poetic passion, using each other's bodies as tablets for their art. Nagiko tells Jerome the truth and the whole story with the publisher. Jerome comes up with an idea: Nagiko will write her book on Jerome's body and Jerome will take it to the publisher. Nagiko loves the idea, and writes Book 1: The Book of The Agenda, in intricate characters of black, red, and gold, on Jerome, keeping her identity anonymous. The plan is a success: Jerome sees the publisher and exhibits the book on his nude body, and the impressed publisher has his scriveners copy down the text. After telling Nagiko of the plan's success, Jerome tells Nagiko that he'll return to her as soon as the publisher, who was extremely aroused by the experience, lets him go. However, during his time with the publisher, Jerome appears to lose track of time and doesn't return to Nagiko. Nagiko, jealous, impatient, and angry, searches for Jerome, eventually finding him making love with the publisher. Nagiko takes this as rejection and betrayal of the worst kind, and immediately plots revenge. On two Swedish tourists, Nagiko writes Book 2: The Book of The Innocent and Book 3: The Book of the Idiot. Shortly afterwards, an old man is running naked through the streets from the publisher's shop, bearing Book 4: The Book of Impotence/Old Age. Book 5: The Book of the Exhibitionist is delivered by a boorish, fat, hyperactive American (Tom Kane; who was actually more interested in Hoki than Nagiko). Nagiko's revenge is a success. Jerome is furiously jealous, and comes to Nagiko's home to confront her. Nagiko refuses to meet him, however, and won't let Jerome in. Jerome's outrage soon turns to desperation as he begs her to talk to him, but she won't. Jerome sinks into deep depression and meets with Hoki at the Cafe Typo, desperate to find a way to get Nagiko to forgive him. Hoki suggests that he scare Nagiko by faking suicide, similar to the fake death scene in Romeo and Juliet and gives Jerome some pills. Arriving at Nagiko's home while she is away, Jerome takes some of the pills, then writes a page, as if writing a book. Each time he takes some pills, he writes another page, keeping track of how many pills he takes on each page. As the pills take effect, Jerome can write no more and lies on the bed, naked, holding a copy of Sei Shōnagon's the book of observations. The plan is a success: when Nagiko returns home and finds Jerome, she rushes to him, eager to renew their relationship and continue their plans. However, the plan has worked too well: Jerome has overdosed on the pills and is dead. Nagiko is devastated, and realises how much she loved him. On his dead body, Nagiko writes Book 6: The Book of the Lovers. At Jerome's funeral, his mother, a snobbish, upper-class woman, tells Nagiko that Jerome always loved things that were fashionable. When she suggests that was probably why Jerome loved Nagiko, Nagiko strikes her. After the funeral, the publisher secretly exhumes Jerome's body from the tomb and has Jerome's skin, still bearing the writing, flayed and made into a grotesque pillow book of his own. Nagiko, now back in Japan, learns of the publisher's actions and becomes distraught and outraged. She sends a letter to the publisher, still keeping her identity a secret, demanding that particular book from the publisher's hands in exchange for the remaining books. The publisher, now obsessed with his mysterious writer and her work, agrees. Nagiko, now pregnant with Jerome's child, writes Book 7: The Book of The Seducer on a male messenger. The writing on him is almost destroyed and undecipherable when the publisher accidentally leaves the messenger out in the rain. Book 8: The Book of Youth is delivered as a series of photographs. A young Buddhist monk then arrives bearing Book 9: The Book of Secrets written on all his secret spots: in between his fingers and toes, the insides of his thighs, etc.; the book is presented in the form of riddles. When the next messenger arrives, he is completely bare: no writing at all. The publisher and staff search for any hint of writing on the messenger's naked body. As the publisher dismisses him as a hoax, the man sticks out his tongue, bearing Book 10: The Book of Silence. The activists' protests come to an end when their truck hits a young wrestler bearing Book 11: The Book of The Betrayed, right outside the publisher's office. The next messenger (Masaru Matsuda) simply drives by the office, giving little time to copy down Book 12: The Book of False Starts. Finally, Book 13: The Book of the Dead arrives on the body of a Sumo wrestler. In the book writing on the body of the messenger, which the publisher carefully reads, Nagiko finally reveals her identity, confronting the publisher with his crimes: blackmailing and disgracing her father, corrupting her husband, as well as Jerome, and what he's done to Jerome's corpse. The publisher, greatly shamed and humbled by being confronted with his guilt, hands the pillow book made of Jerome's skin to the messenger, then has the messenger slit his throat. Upon recovering the book made out of Jerome's skin, Nagiko buries it under a Bonsai tree and life goes on. She has given birth to Jerome's child, and is shown in the epilogue writing on her child's face, like her father used to do when she was young, and quoting from her own pillow book. It is now Nagiko's 28th birthday. Nagiko's bi-cultural heritage plays a key role in this film. As a half-Chinese and half-Japanese woman, Nagiko navigates her dual cultures through physical and psychological exploration. Greenaway portrays this exploration subtly by mixing and switching Asian iconography.
The Blue Lagoon	British	drama	Frank Launder	In the late Victorian period, 1891, Emmeline Foster and Michael Reynolds, two British children, are the survivors of a shipwreck in the South Pacific. After days afloat, they are marooned on a lush tropical island in the company of kindly old sailor Paddy Button. Eventually, Paddy dies in a drunken binge, leaving Emmeline and Michael all alone with each other. Together, they survive solely on their resourcefulness and the bounty of their remote paradise. Eight years later, Emmeline and Michael become tanned, athletic and nubile young adults. Eventually, their relationship, more along the lines of brother and sister in their youth, blossoms into love and then passion. Emmeline and Michael have a baby boy, and they live together as common-law husband and wife, content in their solitude. But their marriage is threatened by the arrival of two evil traders, who force the child to dive for pearls at gunpoint, before killing each other off. Emmeline is reminded of the outside world and wants to leave the island. She fears for the child if she and Michael should die, and begins to think of his future. Michael finally gives in to her pleading and they pack a small boat and leave the island. But becalmed in the middle of the ocean, they succumb to exposure. They are found by a British ship, but the film leaves their fate ambiguous.
Days of Thunder	American	drama	Tony Scott	Cole Trickle is a young racer from Eagle Rock, California, with years of experience in open-wheel racing, winning championships in the United States Auto Club (USAC). His goal was to win the Indianapolis 500, but realizes that To win in Indy I'd need a great car, but stock cars are all the same. He is recruited by Chevrolet dealership tycoon Tim Daland to race for his team in the NASCAR Winston Cup Series. Daland also convinces former crew chief and car builder Harry Hogge to come out of retirement and lead Cole's pit crew. After Trickle sets a fast time in a private test at Charlotte Motor Speedway, Hogge builds him a new Chevrolet Lumina to drive in the Winston Cup, though the season has already started. During his first few races, Cole has difficulty adjusting to the larger NASCAR stock cars and communicating with his crew while being intimidated on the track by Winston Cup Champion Rowdy Burns; this results in Cole not finishing the races, mostly due to crashes and blown engines. After discovering that Cole does not understand the common terminology used by NASCAR teams, Harry puts him through rigorous training. This pays off at the Darlington race, when Cole uses a slingshot maneuver from the outside line to overtake Rowdy and win his first race. The rivalry between Cole and Rowdy intensifies throughout the season until tragedy strikes. At the Firecracker 400 in Daytona, both drivers are seriously injured after being caught in The Big One. While recovering from his injuries in Daytona Beach, Cole develops a romantic relationship with Dr. Claire Lewicki, a neurosurgeon at Halifax Hospital who was senior doctor on duty when he was brought in after his crash and who was attending to his health. At the same time, NASCAR president Big John brings Rowdy and Cole together in a meeting and warns them that he and his sport will no longer tolerate any hanky-panky from the two rivals. Afterwards, Cole and Rowdy go out to lunch together by Big John's persuasion, and settle their differences by banging rental cars on the beach. Cole and Rowdy change from bitter rivals to close friends. As Cole is still undergoing therapy, Daland hires hot-shot rookie Russ Wheeler as a substitute to fill the seat. Weeks later, Cole returns to active duty, with Daland now fielding two teams – the second car driven by Wheeler which Harry disapproves of. Though Cole shows signs of his old self, he now finds himself in a rivalry with his new teammate with no help from his inexperienced owner. At North Wilkesboro, Russ blocks Cole's path during their pit stop. He also forces Cole into the outside wall on the last lap to win the race. In retaliation, Cole crashes his car into Russ's car following the race, resulting in Daland firing Cole and Harry. When Rowdy discovers that he has to undergo brain surgery to fix a broken blood vessel, he asks Cole to drive his car at the Daytona 500, so his sponsors will pay for the year. Cole reluctantly agrees and convinces Harry to return as crew chief again. Hours prior to the race, Harry discovers metal in the oil pan, a sign of engine failure, so he manages to have Daland provide him a new engine. During the race, Cole's car suffers a malfunctioning transmission after being spun out by Russ, but the combined efforts of his pit crew, as well as those working for Daland, manage to fix the problem and get him back on the lead lap. This sets the tone for a final showdown between Cole and Russ. On the final lap, Russ predicts that Cole will attempt his signature slingshot maneuver from outside, but Cole tricks him with a crossover, overtaking him from the inside to win his first Daytona 500. Cole drives into victory lane, where he and his pit crew celebrate with Claire. As he looks around to see where Harry is, he spots him sitting alone on a concrete barrier near the teams pit stall. Cole walks up to Harry to ask for him to say something, but Harry is lost for words. Cole asks Harry to walk with him and Harry agrees. As he begins to walk, Harry turns to Cole smiling and challenges him to a foot race to victory lane.
Mr. Baseball	American	drama	Fred Schepisi	Jack Elliot is an aging American baseball player unsuspectingly put on the trading block during Spring Training in 1992 by the New York Yankees in favor of rookie phenom first baseman Ricky Davis (played by Hall of Famer Frank Thomas), and there's only one taker: the Nagoya Chunichi Dragons of Japan's Nippon Professional Baseball. Upon arrival in Japan, the arrogant Elliot clashes with the Japanese culture and the team's manager, and before long he alienates his new teammates. He believes the rules and management style of his new skipper, Uchiyama (Ken Takakura), are ludicrous, and continues to do things his way, which leads his already dwindling performance to suffer even more. His only ally on the team is another American ballplayer, Max Hammer Dubois (Dennis Haysbert), with whom he commiserates about his frustrations, but even Max becomes fed up with Jack's attitude and lack of respect for the game and his team. At the same time, Elliot develops a relationship with the beautiful Hiroko (Aya Takanashi), who is, he later learns, Uchiyama's daughter. After one too many outbursts, including knocking out his interpreter during a brawl, Elliot is suspended from play. After meeting Hiroko's family, including Uchiyama, Uchiyama admits to Jack that he hired him over the objections of management and now his own career, not just Jack's, is in jeopardy. After hearing this, Elliot swallows his pride and admits his deficiencies. Uchiyama becomes his mentor. In a rare show of humility, he apologizes to the team in Japanese (erroneously saying he wants to build a chopstick rather than a bridge of friendship) and the team rallies around him and teaches him the value of sportsmanship and respect for hard work. Uchiyama lifts his suspension and begins to work with Elliot on improving his play. The reinvigorated Elliot's enthusiasm for team play is contagious and the mediocre Dragons become contenders for the Central League pennant. In the process, he also utilizes a Japanese tradition of being able to tell off Uchiyama while intoxicated to convince him to encourage his players to be more aggressive and have a little fun. Eventually, Elliot gets the opportunity to break Uchiyama's record of seven consecutive games with a home run, but not before his positive response to a call from his American agent complicates his relationship with Hiroko. His newfound respect for team play becomes apparent in a crucial game against the Yomiuri Giants. With the bases loaded, two outs and his team down 6–5, the team brass expects Uchiyama to signal for a bunt to try to tie the game, even though it would deny Elliot the chance to break the home run record. Elliot goes to Uchiyama and asks if he read the sign correctly. Uchiyama nods and tells him to swing away, knowing that a home run would break his record. Elliot takes a called strike one with a questionable call on the first pitch. Elliot fouls the second pitch back. Faced with a no-ball, two-strike count, Elliot sees the Giants' infield is playing deep and bunts. The Giants are caught off-guard and the bunt is successful in allowing the tying run to cross home plate. As the Giants struggle to field the ball, Elliot, approaching first base, veers slightly inside the baseline and knocks over the Giants' pitcher covering first on the play, which allows the winning run to score from second base. With the Dragons winning the pennant, Uchiyama can keep his job and Max ends his five-year career in NPB by signing with the Los Angeles Dodgers. Elliot, who marries Hiroko, becomes a coach and mentor with the Detroit Tigers. The movie ends with one of the players calling him Chief, which is the same as he called Uchiyama in Japan.
City Without Baseball	Hong Kong	drama	Lawrence Ah Mon	The actual members of the Hong Kong National Baseball Team appear in the film as themselves, in a story set in 2004. Their isolated existence leads them to take unconventional choices in both love and friendship, and to summon great courage in the face of their lonely and disconnected existence. The story focuses on the easy-going, yet often detached, main character, Ronnie, as played by Ron Heung, and his friendships and relationships with others, both on and off the sports field.
 Patrick	Australian	drama	Mark Hartley	Kathy (Sharni Vinson) is a young nurse that is eager to prove herself in her new job in an isolated psychiatric clinic. She's intrigued by Patrick (Jackson Gallagher), a comatose patient that her boss Dr. Roget (Charles Dance) assures her is incapable of truly responding to any external stimuli. Kathy is horrified by the experiments that Roget and his nurse Matron Cassidy (Rachel Griffiths) inflict upon him, and she's initially pleased when she finds a way to communicate with him. This quickly turns to horror when Patrick uses his psychic abilities to interfere with her life outside of the hospital, as Patrick has grown obsessed with Kathy and will harm anyone that he deems to be interfering with his relationship with her.
Second Best	British	drama	Chris Menges	Graham Holt (William Hurt) is a single man, aged 42, who wants to adopt a ten-year-old son. Graham is a sub-postmaster in Warwickshire, England. James Lennards (Chris Cleary Miles) is a disturbed child brought up in foster care. Graham wants a son, but James doesn't want another father at the time. Graham walks by an agency and starts looking at pictures of children. Being a single man and unmarried he decided maybe adoption is the way to go. He spots James picture and when he sits filling out the forms he is slightly baffled as to why he wrote son. Later in the film he makes a comment to James as to how desperate they must be to be considering himself to be a parent, 'since you can count on one hand the number of single men who wish to adopt.' Graham Holt's emotional development has been smothered by his uncaring parents. Graham was born to parents who loved each other more than their son, never spending time with him and later on pretending to be interested in him. His mother passes on and a year later his father suffers a stroke which means Graham has to now care for him. Later in a heartfelt scene, Graham's father passes and James bring out a shell placing it on Graham's ear, the one good memory Graham ever had of his father. This takes place later on in the film. James has been shifted from foster home to group home throughout his short life. Causing some disruptions and being unable to relate to women. Due to the nature of his past he has a hard time coping, anger, self-mutilation are just a few things that Happens with young James. He only has a vague memory of his mother when he was aged 3, but has a vivid and romantic image of his father. James's father is in and out of prison and has spun tales of him being a 'mercenary' in the one time they have spent together on the run. Near the end of the film, James finally dreams and remembers what has happened to his mother. As Graham goes through the extended vetting process to be an adoptive parent, He then has to attend classes and meet regularly with social workers. Graham and James meet and the embarrassed silences demonstrate Graham's nervousness and James's fears of the situation. Graham is not sure how to behave, nor what to say, due to being nervous. He talks about wanting a son, and suggests what James needs, ungracefully saying that James need a father, but stammering on the what James needs is that special someone to look after his needs. Throughout the movie James has flashbacks of his past about his father and his mother. They cause him to act out, from self-mutilation to destruction of property. Asked by Jamie's Key worker, if Graham likes children his reply is ‘Yes, but I don't think I could eat a whole one.' Trying to make a tense situation easier. The Key Worker is cut off from explaining issues about James when James enters the room. When James is shown the room that would be his if the adoption goes through, it also serves as James room when he starts his visits to Graham's place. He moves towards Graham and places his arms around Graham's waist. He then hugs him briefly. Showing affection for the first time in his young life. James also makes friends in this time with some of the local children racing with a bicycle. On one trip out in the car, Graham tries to explain how a relationship should work, He explains it should be a partnership, he never mentions love. Graham has to visit key people in Jamie's past; one of them Lynn, a foster mother, who was one of the few females Jamie ever got along with, was disappointed that Jamie would not stop in to see her. She explained to Graham on Jamie's constant running away and finding him partially dressed always hiding in holes and covered in dirt. During this time a flash back scene is shown of Jamie hiding from the police. On the ride home Graham asked Jamie why he liked Lynn when women don't seem to be his cup of tea. Jamie due to having issues starts to self-harm himself, first by scratching it legs with his hand then by trying to jump from the car all the while telling Graham that Lynn is not a proper women. Eventually forcing Graham to stop the car as Jamie tries to jump out. Jamie convinces Graham that tenting is fun. Jamie stands in the small shop choosing gear while Graham remains outside with his caseworker. She quickly tells Graham to beware of knots for once they are tied they are harder to get out from. It's a happy experience, Jamie plays in a creek while teaching and inept Graham the ways of camping or as the English refer to it as tenting. Jamie tests Graham as well by finding a stick and giving himself and injury on his forehead. He tells Graham while remembering an experience by his birth father, that the kiss has to be a long one to make it feel better. After Graham asks Jamie if he was testing Graham and Jamie replies, 'I often test people.' Unfortunately this is fairly common in the world scope of foster care since nothing is ever permanent. Later that night on the camp out Jamie goes to relieve himself then returns to the tent cold, and slips into the sleeping bag with Graham. Who at the time is dreaming and does not even realize the boy is in with him until he wakes in the morning. After a few weekends together, Graham takes James to meet Graham's father's brother, Uncle Turpin (John Hurt). Turpin teases James and finally makes him smile. He asks Graham if he has ever apologized to his father, he always hated Graham's mother, since he would never let the father have a moments peace. Graham replied it was a true love to which Turpin replies ‘no' since she would not even let Graham's father take a whittle on his own. Turpin also asks Graham if he is sure about wanting to adopt, Graham is adamant about it that this is what he wants to do. So James now has a better understanding of Graham, and Graham a better understanding of Jamie. While their relationship develops it has its ups and downs, nothing shakes Graham's belief that he is the one person who can make all the difference and that between them, they could change each other. Near the end James's father unexpectedly shows up. Graham decides that James should meet his father, that James should know that his father is dying of AIDS so that James would not have to wonder years later as to what had happened to his father. As a new school season is starting Graham is allowed to foster James while the final adoption can take place. In this way James would not have to change schools during the process. The reunion with James's father does not go well and James withdraws into himself. Once again the pains of the past taking over as James tries to escape the pain in the only way he knows how. His father is dying from AIDS and Graham invites him in and he and James care for him as he lives his last few months. In the end Graham says to Jamie I won't be second best. As James flips a sign over at a gas station from opened to closed, more a symbol of his past is over and his new life is beginning, as he hurries to catch Graham and places his hand in Graham's.
Proof	Australian	drama	Jocelyn Moorhouse	The story concerns the tribulations of Martin (Hugo Weaving), a blind photographer. Through a series of flashbacks, Martin is shown as a child, distrustful of his own mother, and also she describes to him the garden outside his bedroom window. She tells him that someone is raking leaves, but he can't hear the sound and angrily decides she is lying to him. This childhood experience strongly affects Martin as an adult, as he anticipates that sighted people will take advantage of his blindness to lie to him, or worse yet, pity him. He has become a resentful, vaguely bitter person who spends his days taking some photographs of the world around him, then having various people describe them. He uses these photographs and the Braille descriptions before he stamps on them as proof that the world around him really is as others describe it to him. He also takes secret pleasure in rebuking the romantic advances of Celia (Geneviève Picot), his housekeeper. Celia harbors a deep-seated and possibly obsessive crush on Martin, as evidenced by the scores of photographs of him adorning the walls of her flat, and takes out her frustration at her unrequited love by tormenting Martin in small ways, such as rearranging the furniture in his house. Martin keeps Celia around because her love and hatred of him means he knows she can't pity him. One day Martin encounters Andy (Russell Crowe), and is pleased with the depth and detail with which Andy describes his photos. The two become fast close friends, and Martin soon comes to trust him implicitly. The jealous Celia is threatened by Andy's increasing presence in Martin's life. She seduces Andy, and Martin catches the two in the act, before Andy reluctantly lies to him about it. Celia recognizes this opportunity to foil Martin yet again, and sets up a series of events leading Martin to discover Andy's dishonesty. Martin is devastated and plunged into a deep despair, and breaks off his friendship with Andy. Later on, Andy confronts him, and tries to convince him that everyone has flaws, and shouldn't be judged on such simple terms. People lie, he tells Martin, but not all the time. And that's the point. Martin doesn't respond, but is swayed by Andy's impassioned words. Near the story's conclusion, Martin decides to fire Celia, but acknowledges his own role in purposely antagonizing her in their love-hate relationship. Despite his openness she is extremely angry that her efforts have gone to waste, and when asked to return her key to Martin's house, she throws it in the sink (which is full of water). Finally, Martin asks Andy to describe one last photo for him, one he has kept locked away for years. Martin had previously told Andy that this was the first and most important photo he had ever taken. It is a photo of the garden from Martin's childhood, taken moments after his mother described it on that fateful day. However, Andy's detailed description includes the iconic man raking leaves Martin's mother told him about, that he had rejected for all these years. This revelation provides Martin with his proof, and emotional release.
Ana Horra (I Am Free)	Egyptian	drama	Salah Abu Seif	The film is an account of a college girl's frustrations with the predominantly male patriarchal system in Egypt. Released in 1959, the film captures much of the feminist sentiments of the 1960s and its widespread fervor in Egypt. The film's protagonist, Aminia, played by Lubna Abdel Aziz, is a young woman living with her aunt's family which includes her uncle and her cousin. The men in her life further reinforce the themes of male dominance in the film with their restriction on her life.
Ek Bechara	Bollywood	drama	S.M. Abbas	Rajan is a village buffoon and his father, who is on his deathbed, lets his son go and meet a certain Raibahadur Mohan, who lives in the city, who might be able to help him act with some work. After his father passes away, Rajan comes to the city and finds Raibahadur's place. At first, he has been turned away but he is called back and the Raibahadur accepts him wholeheartedly once he comes to know of Rajan's identity. Raibahadur's daughter Kavita (Rekha), who is about to get married, comes home from a party and finds Rajan sleeping in one of the rooms and insults him. Raibahadur asks her never to do so again. On the day of the marriage, the elder brother asks the Raibahadur to write all the property in his younger brother's name and only then can the marriage take place. Raibahadur refuses and the bridegroom along with his people leave. Raibahadur asks Rajan to marry Kavitha. At first, Kavita refuses, but then gives in to her father's wishes. Though both of them are married, Kavita cannot stand Rajan and they do not ever stay in the same room. She is fed up of this life of hers and she goes and tells Shekhar (Vinod Khanna), her former fiance about this. Kavita asks permission from her father to go to a hill station with her friends, when in reality it is with Shekhar. After reaching the hill station, Shekhar lives to misbehave with her and molest her. It is Rajan who was riding in the duchy of the train car who comes to Kavita's rescue and this moment totally changes Kavita and she starts respecting her husband. One fair morning, Rajan and Kavita are woken up by Raibahadur, who says Rajan is a traitor. Rajan can't understand what exactly has taken place. It turns out that an old man along with his daughter and granddaughter have shown up and are claiming to be his father-in-law wife and daughter respectively. Though Rajan keeps on saying he is innocent, no one believes him and he is kicked out of the house. One night when Raibahadur is sleeping, someone shoots at him and injures him. He is taken to the hospital and in the hospital also, Shekhar's people come to hash off Raibahadur, but are prevented from doing so due to a certain reason. Raibahadur escapes from the hospital and everyone thinks he to dead, having committed suicide. Meanwhile, Rajan with the help of Hulk (Johnny Walker) Raibahadur's secretary manages to track down some members of Shekar's gang, including the lady impersonating his wife. It turns out that she was forced to do so due to mistakes. Rajen and Gullu are caught and tied up. Kavita is tied up there as well. Raibahadur shows up there in a disguise and helps in freeing Rajan, Gullu, and Kavita. Shekhar and his men again clash with Rajan, Gullu and Raibahadur, during which Shekhar escapes with Kavita to an unknown destination. Rajen and Gullu also land up there and help in rescuing Kavita. Raibahadur also arrives there soon after with the Police and Shekhar is caught.
Fanny Hawthorne	British	drama	Maurice Elvey	In the (fictitious) Lancashire mill town of Hindle, preparations are being made for the annual summer wakes week holiday. Fanny Hawthorn (Brody) is seen packing her suitcase in preparation for her trip to Blackpool with her friend Mary Hollins (Peggy Carlisle). Meanwhile, Allan Jeffcote (Stuart), son of the owner of the mill in which Fanny works, and employed in the offices, has had his own holiday plans disrupted due to his fiancée having to cancel their arrangements at the last minute. After a final day's work, the factory hooter sounds and Fanny and Mary board the excursion train to Blackpool, while Allan and a friend decide to travel there by car. In the bustle and throng of Blackpool in peak season, Fanny and Mary meet up with Allan and his friend and enjoy the excitement of the resort as a foursome. Allan and Fanny are attracted to each other, and Allan persuades Fanny to leave Blackpool and instead accompany him for a stay in the more upmarket resort of Llandudno in North Wales. Knowing what this entails, Fanny agrees and writes a postcard to her parents, which Mary promises to post from Blackpool later in the week. Soon after, Mary is tragically killed in a boating accident. When Fanny's father hears the news he travels to Blackpool, only to find Fanny not there, and the unmailed postcard in Mary's luggage. At the end of the week, Fanny and Allan return separately to Hindle, where Fanny, previously unaware of Mary's death and shocked by the news, is interrogated by her parents and reveals that she has spent the week with Allan in Llandudno. In indignation, the Hawthorns go to the Jeffcote home and confront Allan's parents with his caddish behaviour. To their surprise, they find Allan's father equally appalled by the situation. Mr. Jeffcote determines that Allan must marry Fanny to prevent a scandal. Allan initially opposes his father's demand but explains the situation to his fiancée, who insists that in the circumstances the only decent thing for him to do is to comply with the insistence that he marry Fanny after having compromised her reputation. That evening the Hawthorns visit the Jeffcotes to make arrangements for the marriage. Fanny registers her defiance by refusing to dress up and insisting on wearing her working clothes. Allan makes a formal offer of marriage, and to everyone's amazement Fanny turns him down flat, saying that she is just as entitled to enjoy a little fancy as any man. Allan and his fiancée resume their engagement, while Fanny moves out of the family home to get away from the wrath of her mother. She strikes up a friendship with a fellow mill worker, and agrees to a date with him.
Performance	British	drama	Donald Cammell, Nicolas Roeg	Chas (James Fox) is a member of an East London gang led by Harry Flowers (Johnny Shannon); his specialty is intimidation through violence as he collects pay-offs for Flowers. He is very good at his job and has a reputation for liking it. His sexual liaisons are casual and rough. When Flowers decides to take over a betting shop owned by Joey Maddocks (Anthony Valentine), he forbids Chas to get involved, as he feels Chas' complicated personal history with Maddocks may lead to trouble. Chas is angry about this and later humiliates Maddocks, who retaliates by wrecking Chas' apartment and attacking Chas. Chas shoots him, packs a suitcase and runs from the scene. When Flowers makes it clear that he has no intention of offering protection to Chas but instead wants him eliminated, Chas decides to head for the countryside to hide, but after overhearing a musician talk about going on tour and leaving his rented room in Notting Hill Gate, Chas goes there and pretends the musician was a friend who recommended him. He tells Pherber (Anita Pallenberg), a woman living there, that he is a fellow performer, juggler Johnny Dean. She lives there with Turner (Mick Jagger), a reclusive, eccentric former rock star who has lost his demon, and Lucy (Michèle Breton), with whom he enjoys a non-possessive and bisexual ménage à trois. Floating in and out of the house is a child, Lorraine (Laraine Wickens). At first, Chas is contemptuous of Turner, and Turner attempts to return the rent paid in advance, but they start influencing each other. Pherber and Turner understand his conflict and want to understand what makes him function so well within his world. To speed up the process, Pherber tricks him by feeding him a psychedelic mushroom, and Chas accuses her and Turner of poisoning him. He soon accepts it, and in his hallucinogenic state experiments with clothing and identity, including with feminine clothes. Chas opens up, and he begins a caring relationship with Lucy. Before all this, he phones Tony (a trusted friend who refers to Chas as Uncle) to help him get out of the country. Flowers and his henchmen use Tony to track Chas to Turner's flat. They allow him to go and collect his things upstairs. Chas tells Turner and Pherber he is leaving, then shoots Turner in the head. Pherber hides in a closet, but the gangsters kill Lucy. As he is led to his death, Chas still wears his feminine clothes and wig, but his face is identical to Turner's.
A Time to Heal	American	drama	Michael T. Uno	A mother that has been paralyzed from a stroke during childbirth recovers with the help of her husband.
The Hanging Garden	British	drama	Thom Fitzgerald	25-year-old Sweet William (Chris Leavins) returns to his parents' house in rural Nova Scotia after ten years of absence to attend the wedding of his sister Rosemary (Kerry Fox). It is revealed that he is gay and in the closet. He was an obese teenager (played by Troy Veinotte), who was caught having sex with his closeted bisexual friend Fletcher (Joel Keller) in the garden by his senile grandmother Grace when he was 15; Rosemary is marrying Fletcher. As a consequence of the ensuing rejection, particularly by his alcoholic father (Peter MacNeill), Sweet William had the choice of either running away to live in a big city far away from the family or end his life by hanging himself from a tree in the garden. In the movie, both the alive, now slender and self-assured Sweet William and the obese, suffocated teenage Sweet William, hanging as a fresh corpse in the garden, are present and interacting. In the version of reality where Sweet William dies, his family members cannot shed their memories of his death and carry on with their lives, whereas in the other version Sweet William is haunted by memories of his father's bouts of violence and is unable to reconcile with him. As well, a new family member, Violet (Christine Dunsworth) is subsequently revealed to have been fathered by Sweet William, from an incident when Sweet William's mother (Seana McKenna) took him to a prostitute in an attempt to cure his homosexuality. The cast also includes Sarah Polley, Joan Orenstein, Heather Rankin and a cameo appearance by Ashley MacIsaac.
Hindle Wakes	British	drama	Maurice Elvey	In the (fictitious) Lancashire mill town of Hindle, preparations are being made for the annual summer wakes week holiday. Fanny Hawthorn (Brody) is seen packing her suitcase in preparation for her trip to Blackpool with her friend Mary Hollins (Peggy Carlisle). Meanwhile, Allan Jeffcote (Stuart), son of the owner of the mill in which Fanny works, and employed in the offices, has had his own holiday plans disrupted due to his fiancée having to cancel their arrangements at the last minute. After a final day's work, the factory hooter sounds and Fanny and Mary board the excursion train to Blackpool, while Allan and a friend decide to travel there by car. In the bustle and throng of Blackpool in peak season, Fanny and Mary meet up with Allan and his friend and enjoy the excitement of the resort as a foursome. Allan and Fanny are attracted to each other, and Allan persuades Fanny to leave Blackpool and instead accompany him for a stay in the more upmarket resort of Llandudno in North Wales. Knowing what this entails, Fanny agrees and writes a postcard to her parents, which Mary promises to post from Blackpool later in the week. Soon after, Mary is tragically killed in a boating accident. When Fanny's father hears the news he travels to Blackpool, only to find Fanny not there, and the unmailed postcard in Mary's luggage. At the end of the week, Fanny and Allan return separately to Hindle, where Fanny, previously unaware of Mary's death and shocked by the news, is interrogated by her parents and reveals that she has spent the week with Allan in Llandudno. In indignation, the Hawthorns go to the Jeffcote home and confront Allan's parents with his caddish behaviour. To their surprise, they find Allan's father equally appalled by the situation. Mr. Jeffcote determines that Allan must marry Fanny to prevent a scandal. Allan initially opposes his father's demand but explains the situation to his fiancée, who insists that in the circumstances the only decent thing for him to do is to comply with the insistence that he marry Fanny after having compromised her reputation. That evening the Hawthorns visit the Jeffcotes to make arrangements for the marriage. Fanny registers her defiance by refusing to dress up and insisting on wearing her working clothes. Allan makes a formal offer of marriage, and to everyone's amazement Fanny turns him down flat, saying that she is just as entitled to enjoy a little fancy as any man. Allan and his fiancée resume their engagement, while Fanny moves out of the family home to get away from the wrath of her mother. She strikes up a friendship with a fellow mill worker, and agrees to a date with him.
Hamlet	American	drama	Kenneth Branagh	The film follows the plot of the original play, and is the first adaptation to have the complete original text.
Wild Card	American	drama	Simon West	Nick Wild (Jason Statham) is a recovering gambling addict who takes odd jobs in Las Vegas as a chaperone (his version of a bodyguard) to support his addiction. After helping a client impress a woman (Sofía Vergara), he accepts a proposition from a young man Cyrus Kinnick (Michael Angarano) to show him around Vegas and provide him with protection while he gambles. While eating at a diner, Nick's waitress friend Roxy (Anne Heche) hands him a message from a woman he knows, Holly (Dominik Garcia-Lorido), who wants him to stop by her house. Holly, a professional escort, explains she had a date the previous night at the Golden Nugget. Afterward, she was brutally raped and beaten by three unknown men in their hotel room. Holly asks Nick to find out who they are so that she can sue them. Nick discovers that the man responsible for raping Holly is Danny DeMarco (Milo Ventimiglia), a gangster. DeMarco had his two thugs dump her in a hospital car park. Nick goes to the hotel to confront DeMarco, disguised as someone sent by another criminal. A confrontation develops but Nick defends himself, overpowering DeMarco and his men, who are tied up as Nick calls Holly. In the room, Holly contemplates castrating DeMarco, who breaks down and begs her forgiveness, Holly decides to take the $50,000 from DeMarco's desk and leaves. Holly splits the money with Nick and leaves Las Vegas. Nick takes Cyrus to a casino. Playing blackjack with dealer friend Cassandra (Hope Davis), Nick then goes on a huge winning streak with the next dealer, amassing over a half a million. But when he goes to the cashier, he has a sudden anxiety attack, and loses his winnings as well as his original $25,000 on a single blackjack bet with Cassandra. The next morning, Cyrus, revealed to be a self-made millionaire, wants Nick to mentor him on being brave, but Nick declines. At the bar, DeMarco's men arrive to deliver Nick to DeMarco, but Nick beats them off. Nick meets with Baby (Stanley Tucci), the mafia boss of Las Vegas. Baby has received a complaint from DeMarco, who claims that Nick broke into his hotel room, pistol-whipped him, and killed two of his men – all to fund his gambling addiction. Baby takes Nick to a room with DeMarco, where Nick tells his side of the story: that DeMarco killed his own men later and that DeMarco bears a cut on his penis. Baby tells DeMarco to drop his pants to prove Nick wrong, but he refuses and leaves. At the local diner, Cyrus offers Nick a check for $500,000 and a plane ticket to Corsica for what he has learned from Nick. DeMarco and his men appear in the diner. Cyrus shows his newfound manliness by singing loudly as a distraction so Nick can escape. Nick thinks about his sailboat and then kills the thugs and DeMarco with his utensils behind the diner. Afterwards, Cyrus insists Nick take the check and the ticket, and Nick accepts. Nick then drives out of Las Vegas.
The Rake's Progress	British	drama	Sidney Gilliat	The plot follows the career of upper-class cad Vivian Kenway (Rex Harrison). He is sent down from Oxford University for placing a chamber pot on the Martyrs' Memorial. Sent to South America, he rebels against plantation life, eventually becoming a car racing driver. He descends to a life of woman-chasing and drunkenness, which causes the death of his father, Colonel Kenway (Godfrey Tearle). The plot diverges from the theme of the Rake's Progress paintings by having him redeem himself by a hero's death in World War II.
The Town Across the River	South_Korean	drama	Na Woon-gyu	This film is a melodrama concerning a spoiled only son, played by Jeon Taek-yi. After his father scolds him for his excessive drinking, he sells the family's only cow for money to leave for Seoul. Finding life difficult on his own in Seoul, he returns to his family begging forgiveness.
Sachaa Jhutha	Bollywood	drama	Manmohan Desai	Bhola (Rajesh Khanna) is an innocent band musician who lives with his physically challenged sister Belu in a village. He needs more money for his sister's marriage and he sets off to Bombay to earn. To make his sister not feel sad for his departure, he sings a song on the way towards the railway station. On the other hand, Bombay city Police department is shocked by a series of diamond thefts which leave no clue. But Inspector Pradhan(Vinod Khanna) suspects the thief to be Ranjith (Rajesh Khanna), who is actually a wealthy diamond businessman, on the account that whenever a theft occurs, he is present there. But he has no evidence and searches for that. He creates a plan with Rita (Mumtaz) to attract Ranjith, and to know his secret plans. Bhola arrives the city and he is called Ranjith in a party. Ranjith who arrives the party is surprised to see Bhola, as he looks identical as him. He immediately conceives a plan. He takes Bhola to his place and reveals himself. He convinces Bhola to act like Ranjith in front of the society as he is suffering from cancer and requires treatment. Until his return from treatment, Bhola has to make believe with everybody that he is Ranjith. Actually, Ranjith makes him as himself so that he can continue with his diamond smuggling, meanwhile, there will not be any evidence, as Bhola is going to be Ranjith everywhere. But he did not reveal the reason to him. He also promises that he would give money for his sister's marriage. Innocent Bhola believes him and agrees to the plan. Ranjith's girlfriend Ruby trains Bhola to be like Ranjith and he acts like him. Bhola finally learns every mannerism of Ranjith and at an instance, he behaves like Ranjith to Ranjith. He acts as Ranjith in the city and the real Ranjith continues his underground work. And Inspector Pradhan cannot come to a conclusion. Rita moves intimately with Bhola thinking of him as Ranjith, but Bhola falls in love with her. In the village, due to heavy floods, Belu loses everything and comes in search of her brother to Bombay with her dog Mothy. Bhola watches a marriage ceremony on the road and he imagines the bride to be his sister and sings the same song which he sang in the village. Belu, who hears that, runs after him, but Bhola has already left the place. Pradhan meets Belu and helps her to reach the place. Belu is misguided by some men regarding the whereabouts of her brother and try to exploit her, but Pradhan saves her from them and takes her to his home. Ruby, who follows Belu to Pradhan's house informs Ranjith about her. Ranjith, posing like her brother, goes to Pradhan's home and takes her with him. Bhola finds Ranjith is actually a thief and plans a grand diamond loot. Bhola resists the plan, but Ranjith blackmails him with his sister. Unwillingly, he accepts the plan. Ranjith steals a huge amount of diamonds, but Bhola replaces him by attacking him and leaves the place. One of the stolen diamond pieces has a transmitter and police follow the jewels with the help of it. Belu is confused as to who is her brother among them. After several fights, both Bhola and Ranjith are arrested. Both of them claim themselves as Bhola and confuse everyone. Belu suggests that her brother sing a song which cannot be sung by anyone else. But both sing the song. Finally Bhola and Belu's dog Mothy identifies the real Bhola and Ranjith is arrested and sent to prison. Belu finally marries Inspector Pradhan and Bhola marries Rita.
Dot 2 Dot	Hong Kong	drama	Amos Why	Xiao Xue (Meng Tingyi), a mainland Chinese teacher who has moved to Hong Kong, becomes fascinated by dot patterned graffiti near MTR stations. Convinced that the dots form a pattern, she sets out to crack the code. Along the way she discovers various facets of Hong Kong's distinct history and identity.[1]
Dil Se..	Bollywood	drama	Mani Ratnam	Amarkant Varma (Shahrukh Khan) is a Program executive for All India Radio, dispatched from New Delhi to cover festivities in Assam. On his way there, during a rainy night, Amar stops at Haflong train station to catch Barak Valley Express, he tries to have a smoke, but he doesn't have any matches or a lighter. He starts asking a mysterious person. A strong gust of wind blows the shawl off the person, revealing it to be an enigmatic woman (Manisha Koirala). He finds her very attractive and tries to strike up a conversation, but she ignores him for a bit and then asks him for a cup of tea. When he returns with the tea, he sees her board the next train with three male passengers. Later, Amar spots the same woman in Silchar. He attempts to talk to her, but she says she cannot recall meeting him before. As part of his news reporting assignment, for the occasion of fifty years of Indian Independence, Amar interviews many citizens of Barak Valley, and an extremist chief (Gautam Bora ), who claim that the reason behind human rights violations and poverty in the region is due to the Indian Government, and that the Liberationists do not wish to enter into any dialogue with the government, and further justify their resistance in Utthar Purv. A few weeks later, Amar describes his encounter with the woman, over the radio, which she hears. He again spots her at a post office (It is later revealed that she is corresponding to her terrorist group in New Delhi, planning a suicide attack.) At this juncture, she tells him to leave her; but he follows her to the house and tells her that he is in love with her, but she resists and tells Amar that she is married. Amar wishes to apologise to her, but she arrives with two men (who Amar believes are her brothers) who beat him unconscious. During the beating, Amar learns that the men are presumably her brothers and that she had lied about her being married. He reaches her home, and learns from the locals that she has left the place. Amar then goes to the post office where he initially spotted her and bribes the PCO owner into giving him her contact details, and learns that she is telephoning to Ladakh. Subsequently, Amar travels to Leh, and while recording the Sindhu Darshan Festival, a suicide bomber is chased to death by the military, and Amar spots the woman again. (It is later revealed that the woman is associated with him). The woman boards the bus, and while Amar claims to the military, that he is here reporting on the festival, the woman uses Amar to her advantage, purporting in front of the military personnel that she is with her husband. The bus takes off. After some travel, the bus breaks down and the passengers are required to walk to the nearby village. En route Amar forces the woman to reveal her name: Meghna (Manisha Koirala). The two end up travelling together and recuperate. Next day, Amar wakes to find Meghna gone (It is later revealed that Meghna is part of a Liberationists group which plans multiple suicide attacks in New Delhi at the upcoming Republic Day celebration). Amar returns to his home in Delhi, where his family has found in Preeti Nair (Preity Zinta) from Kerala, a potential bride for him. Amar agrees to marry Preeti because he does not hope to meet Meghna again. On his date with Preeti, Amar spots one of Meghna's associates, Kim, who banished him earlier. Amar chases him down to Connaught Place, where the man kills himself with cyanide, and the police relinquish the situation to the CBI. Much to Amar's surprise, Meghna is in Delhi with her group, and requests Amar to help her get an employment as an office assistant at Amar's All India Radio office. (It is later revealed that Meghna actually arrives to Delhi along with her terrorist group and stays in Amar's residence to escape from the CBI inquiry operation). Based on eyewitness claims of the Connaught Place incident, Amar is now a prime suspect of the CBI (Piyush Mishra). At this juncture Amar follows Meghna and questions her motives, and she reveals to Amar, that her name is actually Moina, and as a child, she had been a rape victim of the army and seeks liberation through her suicide attack on the Indian army and the President of India during the Republic Day. Now the CBI convinces the Army general of India to grant permission to conduct security checks of all the Army convoys and tankers participating in the parade. Amar is again assaulted by Moina's associate (Aditya Srivastava) and the terrorists and as Amar fights back the terrorists receive a call from Moina on their mobile. Amar grabs the mobile and pleads Moina to stop all this and marry him. Moina reveals that it is too late, and presumes Amar is being killed. But Amar returns home, only to find out from Preeti that Amar's mother is also being questioned and that Moina's location is at Sunder Nagar. The CBI also misconstrue that Amar is part of the terrorist group and arrest him. Amar claims to the CBI that he is not in cahoots with the terrorists, but in love with Moina and that he has interviewed one of the extremist leaders and wants to prevent them from perpetrating the attack. The CBI rejects Amar's claims and sedates him for further interrogation. The next day Moina is ready for the suicide attack. Amar escapes from the CBI and tries to hold Moina back. Amar expresses his love and desire to be with her, embraces her and pleads her to live with him. As they embrace, the explosive vest worn by Moina explodes, killing them both.
Footsteps in the Fog	British	drama	Arthur Lubin	After poisoning his wife, the master of the house Stephen Lowry (Stewart Granger) is blackmailed by his Cockney maid Lily Watkins (Jean Simmons), who demands promotion. As she steadily takes the place of his dead wife, he again attempts murder. While attempting to murder Lily, by following someone who looked like her through the fog, he mistakenly kills Constable Burke's wife and gets chased by an angry mob, which he evades. Lily returns home and Stephen learns of his mistake. Some local bar goers saw him murder Mrs Burke and Stephen is put on trial, but their claims are dismissed after it is revealed they drink a lot and Lily lies to provide an alibi. Stephen now wishes to remarry and decides to finally rid himself of the maid. He feigns illness and sends the maid to fetch the doctor. She says she will return urgently with the doctor within five minutes. He calculates this will be enough time for himself to frame the maid by drinking the poison that he used to kill his own wife and planting it and his wife's jewelry in the maid's room. Lily is, however, detained by the police as a tell-all letter she has written to her sister, to safeguard herself after the master's failed plot to kill her, surfaces. The master's plan does not work as Lily returns too late and the doctor declares it is too late to save him. Lily pieces together the situation realising that Stephen never loved her, then is arrested by police at the scene.
Family Life	British	drama	Ken Loach	A young woman, Janice, is living with her restrictive and conservative parents, who lead a dull working-class life, and consider their daughter to be misbehaving whenever she's trying to find her own way in life. When she becomes pregnant, they force her into abortion, and hypocritically blame her for upsetting them when she is unable to cope with the emotional and mental effect this has on her. Janice is subjected to shockingly self-righteous and ignorant doctors.
Blackfellas	Australian	drama	James Ricketson	In Perth, Western Australia, Doug Dooligan (John Moore), a young Nyoongar man, is released from prison where he was incarcerated for assault. Outside he is picked up by his charismatic childhood friend Floyd Pretty Boy Davies (David Ngoombujarra)—who was partially responsible for Doug's incarceration—and taken to a remote Aboriginal community. He becomes attracted to local girl Polly (Jaylene Riley) and, upon learning that Floyd is still involved in criminal activities, decides to leave and visit his mother. Determined to stay out of trouble, Doug buys back his father's old property, Yetticup, which has traditional roots. Polly joins him at Yetticup and not soon after Doug's father reappears having escaped from prison. Doug narrowly escapes the police when his father is apprehended, who later dies in prison. Distraught, Doug meets Floyd and the two become friends again. When Doug tries to stop Floyd from committing a crime, Floyd sacrifices his own life so that Doug can escape and avoid arrest.
Runway	Bangladeshi	drama	Tareque Masud	Ruhul, a young frustrated boy lives in a small hut near an international airport.[5] The story deals with Islamic extemism in Bangladesh.[6]
The Diplomatic Corpse	British	drama	Montgomery Tully	A crime reporter, assisted by his girlfriend, a fashion reporter at the same newspaper, investigates a dead body taken out of the River Thames. They are soon able to link it with a foreign embassy, making it a sensitive diplomatic matter.
Andha Kanoon	Bollywood	drama	T. Rama Rao	Jan Nisar Akhtar Khan works as a Forest Officer, and lives with his wife Zakhiya and his daughter Neelu. One day while on duty he comes across some poachers who were cutting sandal wood trees illegally. When challenged, they retaliate, a struggle ensues, and one of them, Ram Gupta, is killed. Khan is charged with killing him, tried in Court, and sentenced to 20 years in prison. His shocked and devastated wife kills herself along with their daughter. Years later, an angry and embittered Khan is released from prison. One day he comes across another young man, Vijay Singh, and finds out that he is struggling with taking vengeance against three men who had traumatized and killed some of his family members, and decides to help him. It is then Khan finds out that Gupta is still alive and decides to kill him, quite dramatically in the same courtroom where he was convicted for his murder. Vijay also has a sister, Miss Durga Singh, who has joined Police department just to take revenge against those three men, but law-fully whereas her brother Vijay has decided to kill them one by one by taking law in his own hands as he like Khan does not believe in law. How he succeeds is the entertaining story of this movie.
C/O Sir	Bengali	drama	Kaushik Ganguly	The film is set in a boys' school in Kurseong.[1] The story revolves around the life of school teacher Jayabrata Ray, played by Saswata Chatterjee, who has gone blind due to a sudden retinal disorder. He must now rely on his sense of hearing. After becoming irritable and helpless due to the situation, how he tries to stop the school being sold and how he tackles the situation himself (as his friends are turning foes) becomes the issue of the story.[4]
My Cousin Rachel	American	drama	Roger Michell	After the young boy Philip is orphaned, he is adopted by his older cousin Ambrose, who raises him as a son on his large estate in Cornwall. Despite societal beliefs of the necessity of motherhood, Philip grows up with a nearly complete absence of women in the household, before Ambrose leaves the estate for the sunnier climate of Florence. A young man, Philip is left with his godfather Nick Kendall, and learns through correspondence that Ambrose has met his widowed cousin Rachel in Florence, and they have wed. The Kendalls express surprise that Ambrose has become interested in women, though Philip found the absence of female companionship natural. Later, Ambrose begins sending letters indicating distrust of the medical care he is receiving in Florence. Concerned, Philip travels to Italy, only to be informed Ambrose has died and Rachel has left. Though Ambrose's will left the entire estate to Philip pending his next birthday, Philip is convinced Rachel is guilty of murder and threatens her friend Rinaldi with revenge. Philip returns to Cornwall, and later learns Rachel has followed. She arrives at the estate, and while he vows to confront her, he meets her in the boudoir and is infatuated by the older woman's beauty as they share tea. They accompany each other on riding excursions, and no longer suspecting her of foul play, he throws an accusatory letter on a campfire. The two cousins conflict over Rachel's intentions to return to Florence and live independently, but Rachel indicates she is not angry with him, and they kiss. Rachel also reveals Ambrose had lost hope for her after a miscarriage. She stays for Christmas celebrations, when Nick receives bank information that she has drastically overdrawn her accounts. Nick warns Philip that Rachel was notorious in Florence for extravagance and lust. Despite this, Philip intends to turn over much of the estate's wealth to Rachel, as soon as he can legally dispose of it on his next birthday. The day arrives, and when Rachel realizes what he has done for her, she expresses gratitude. While out in nature, the two have sex. At a dinner with friends, Philip declares he and Rachel are engaged, but Rachel accuses him of madness. In private, she tells him she was merely thankful to him, but she was not bought and is not ashamed of having sex. This leads to a struggle, after which Rachel professes fear of him. Sometime after, Philip falls ill. As he recovers, he is suspicious of Rachel, and watches her as she leaves on horseback. He and Nick's daughter Louise begin searching through Rachel's belongings for any incriminating evidence, only to find out she apparently is innocent of an affair and the poisoning attempts Philip blames on her. When he sets out in search of Rachel, he finds she has had a fatal accident while riding, on a cliffside. Years later, Philip, by then married to Louise and a father of two, is still, mentally and physically, tormented by Rachel's memory.
Wild Orchid	American	drama	Zalman King	Young lawyer Emily Reed (Otis) travels to New York City for an interview with an international law firm, which immediately offers her a job on the condition that she can fly to Rio de Janeiro the following morning. Emily agrees and is introduced to Claudia Dennis (Bisset), one of the firm's top executives. They arrive in Rio to finalize the purchase of a hotel, but angry Claudia must fly to Buenos Aires, Argentina, to meet the hotel's owner. Claudia instructs Emily to cover her date for the night. While viewing the hotel, Emily sees two locals having animalistic sex, which unnerves her and she returns to her own hotel. She meets Claudia's date; a wealthy man named James Wheeler (Rourke). They have dinner, accompanied by James' bodyguards. James intrigues Emily; he is quiet and asks personal questions without being demanding or rude. After dinner, they attend a street carnival; Emily leaves after a masked man who looks like James tries to seduce her. The next morning, Emily wakes to find James watching her. He gives her a bouquet of orchids and denies making advances to her the previous evening, and as an apology, he offers to show her the city. She is initially reluctant but consents; they attend a party with a married couple that they noticed in the restaurant the night before. Some navy sailors at the party try to make advances on the wife; James fights them and he, Emily, and the couple leave quickly in his limousine. The married couple is having marital problems because of the wife's infidelity. She wants to reconcile with her husband. James encourages the couple to have sex in the limo, which they do. Emily finds their actions disturbing. Emily and James then visit the hotel that her firm wants to buy, and she tells James that she fears he would disappear if she touched him. When Emily hugs James, he pulls away from her, telling her that he does not like to be touched. The married couple gives James a necklace; he gives it to Emily. That night, Emily dresses up for the carnival festivities and is propositioned by a man in a mask, who offers her the key to his room. She initially refuses the offer but James encourages her to accept. She realizes James is incapable of acting upon his own emotions and tries to experience passion through others. Emily agrees to the stranger's proposal and has sex with him. The next day, Claudia returns to Rio with the hotel's owner and arranges a meeting at the airport. Emily is humiliated; Jerome (Greenwood), the owner's attorney, is the stranger she slept with. Jerome uses this information to intimidate Emily to get a better deal for his client. Claudia discovers the truth and uses the information to threaten Jerome; if he does not complete the deal, she will tell his wife about the affair. Claudia and Emily get a very good deal. After the meeting, Claudia asks Emily about her impressions of James. She tells Emily that James was an only child who stuttered, and is a completely self-made man. Emily says that she has become obsessed with James, but that he would never touch her. Claudia's assistants tell her that a man bought the deed to the old hotel before the deal was finalized; both women realize it was James, who confirms it was him. Claudia is angry and decides to proceed with the hotel's sale even though she does not own it, hoping that she will be able to circumvent James' actions. Claudia arranges a huge party to commemorate the sale of the hotel. The next morning, Claudia invites a young surfer to her room, and asks Emily—who can speak Portuguese—to translate what the surfer says. Claudia, Emily and the surfer are about to have sex when James interrupts them. Emily accuses James of setting people up to disappoint him and then throwing them aside when they do. He responds that he never sets anybody up and that they disappoint him of their own accord. James leaves and Emily shouts after him. Later that day, a package is delivered to Emily's room; James has signed over the old hotel's deed to her, saving the deal. Emily goes to the hotel, finds James and tells him she loves him, but leaves when he does not respond. Later that night, Emily returns to her room, where James is waiting for her. He tells Emily that he hardly spoke for years after his father abandoned him as a child, and that because of this his teachers thought he was intellectually disabled. He left school at a young age and worked hard, and while still a teenager, he bought a run-down house and repaired it. After he began to accumulate wealth, women became attracted to him and he started playing games to keep things interesting. The games became a way of life and he cannot stop playing them. Emily encourages James to reach out to her, offering him her love if he makes an effort to touch her. At first he resists, but reaches out and holds her when he thinks she will leave him. The two embrace and have sex. They ride away happily on a motorcycle together.
Parda Hai Parda	Bollywood	drama	K. Bapaiah	The film revolves around four happy-go-lucky friends and the predicament they fall into when they cross paths with a new girl in their neighborhood. At the onset, we see a suitcase of some significance being moved through the busy city. The bag is handed off by various men in suits until it reaches an older gentleman. The old man soon is pursued by some hoodlums. He narrowly escapes the thugs by hopping into a cab, only for the driver to stop the car in a secluded area. The mysterious driver then kills the old man dead with a gunshot and steals the bag and is shown running in the distance. The film then begins to follow four friends in the same city. Vijay (Chunky Pandey), Appu Khote (Laxmikant Berde), Prem (Virendra Singh) and Thomas (Raj Zutshi) are a carefree bunch with no responsibilities that roam their part of town in search of fun and beautiful women. The film takes a turn when they hear about a beautiful young woman that has just moved into their neighborhood with her grandparents. They are instantly allured by her good looks and start to make hilarious attempts to find out about her and why she is in town. In their quest to learn about the girl and impress her, they end up accidentally injuring Maya's grandfather and terrorizing her grandmother. They discover that the girl, whose name is Maya (Meena) is visiting the city to get to the bottom of a mystery surrounding her dead brother, Raghuveer. In town, Maya is able to track down the mother (Reema Lagoo) of his brother's friend, Andrews. The mother had been anxiously awaiting the return of her son from a long leave of absence and in that time had met Maya's brother Raghuveer, who left a special package for her from her long-lost son. We later find out that this package is the suitcase seen at the beginning of the film. All four friends after learning about Maya and her reasoning for visiting the town decide to lie and pretend that the four of them were good friends with Maya's brother Raghuveer and Andrews. After failed individual attempts to win her over, Maya eventually befriends the foursome. Once this happens, a powerful man by the name of John Honai (Kiran Kumar) appears to be stalking the four. Honai tricks Vijay and his friends into coming to a warehouse, telling them that Maya wanted to meet them there. It is there that Vijay, Appu, Thomas and Prem are cornered by Honai and his gang of henchman. Honai, under the impression that the four are true friends of Andrews and Raghuveer, demands that they reveal the whereabouts of the suitcase bag. The four are confused by the interrogation and deny they know anything about this bag. After failing to escape the warehouse, Honai holds the four hostage and subjects them to torture until they give up the whereabouts of the bag. Meanwhile, Maya tracks down Andrews old girlfriend (Malvika Tiwari), who is now currently a nun in a convent. The nun spills the story that Maya was looking for. The film flashes back to how the Andrews family was doing business with the Honai family and after some problems, the two parties had a falling out and there was a fortune that belonged to the Andrews' father. The Honai family killed Andrews father for the fortune, which was kept in a suitcase bag. Andrews was able to retrieve the bag by killing John Honai's father. After escaping a gang beating from John Honai and his henchmen, Andrews brings the bag to his good friend Raghuveer to take care of and deliver it to his mother. Soon thereafter, Raghuveer finds Andrews dead body at the shore of a beach and vows to get revenge. Raghuveer brings the bag to John Honai and tries to kill Honai, but fails after he's choked to death by Honai's henchmen with a rope as he has Honai in a chokehold. Honai checks the bag only to see that it was a decoy bag full of bricks. Back to the present, Vijay and his friends cleverly escape the warehouse. Vijay and his friends find out that they are in big trouble as the police are now also after them after being mistaken as thugs. The four fail to retrieve the bag from the Andrews' mother once they fess up that they lied about being his friend. The Andrews' mother scolds them and doesn't give up the bag. Honai finds out where Maya lives and kidnaps her. Vijay, Appu and the gang are able to save her from Honai's grasp in a big fight scene near the end of the movie. Honai finds out where The Andrews' mother lives and tries to retrieve the bag. The Andrews' mother finds out that Honai killed her son that she had been worried sick waiting for all this time. She cuts the lights off in her house and earlier was cooking in the kitchen and had not turned the gas off. Honai scans through the dark house for her and ignites a lighter to try to see in the dark only for an explosion to occur, burning him alive. With Maya now at peace after getting justice for her brother's death, she now heads back to her own town. The movie ends with the mysterious bag busting open with a fortune of money and gold inside, and Maya yells out to her four friends that this is a gift for them to enjoy.
Jilmil Jonak	Assamese	drama	Sibanan Baruah	Jilmil Jonak traces the life of a successful businessman based in Thailand. Aloof from his family for years, the story takes a twist when his past and family comes back to him.
Mrs. Winterbourne	American	drama	Richard Benjamin	Establishing shot of a gunshot victim in a motel room. Scene change to a woman and a priest outside a church being approached by police officers investigating a murder. The woman calmly confesses to the killing. Flashback voice-over: on her 18th birthday, Connie Doyle (Ricki Lake) meets lowlife Steve DeCunzo (Loren Dean). She moves in with him and winds up pregnant. He kicks her out when she won't get rid of the baby, denying responsibility. Months later, a destitute Connie gets inadvertently swept aboard a train at Grand Central Terminal. With no ticket and no money, Connie is rescued by Hugh Winterbourne (Brendan Fraser), who takes her to his private compartment. She meets his wife, Patricia, (Susan Haskell) who is also pregnant. Patricia and Connie bond, and Patricia shows Connie her wedding band, which has the couple's names engraved on the inside. Patricia encourages Connie to try the ring on. When the train suddenly crashes, Patricia is thrown outside, leaving Connie the only one in the private compartment. Eight days later, Connie wakes up in the hospital to discover she has given birth to a baby boy. Connie was found in the Winterbourne's sleeper car wearing the wedding band, and has been mistaken for Patricia. She also learns the other pregnant woman on the train (Patricia, mistaken for Connie) and Hugh both died in the crash. She tries to explain, but is prevented from doing so by the hospital staff, who believe her to be hysterical. Hugh's mother, Grace (Shirley MacLaine), who has a bad heart, had never met Patricia before, and so assumes Connie is Patricia. Grace calls asking Connie to come to the Winterbourne estate. With nowhere else to go, Connie accepts the offer and is driven there by Paco (Miguel Sandoval), the loyal Cuban chauffeur. There, Connie meets Bill (also played by Fraser), Hugh's identical twin brother. When the shock of seeing the twin of the man she is claiming as her deceased husband wears off, she nervously begins her new life. She names her newborn son Hughie, after his supposed father. Her new life is very different, and she finds it difficult to adjust. She is helped by Grace, who accepts anything she does, and gives her a socialite make-over. Meanwhile, since the police think that Patricia was Connie, they tell Steve that Connie and his unborn baby have died. Steve doesn't really seem to care, which disturbs his new girlfriend (Cathryn de Prume). Bill questions Connie closely, suspicious of inconsistencies in her story. Annoyed by this, Grace forces Connie on Bill one day, and Bill and Connie walk around Boston, and begin to bond. During the day, Connie accidentally signs her real name, which Bill notices. He investigates, learning her real identity. Bill prepares to expose Connie when he learns that Grace plans to change her will to include Connie and baby Hughie. However, he changes his mind when Connie becomes upset and begs Grace not to include her and Hughie in the will, proving to him that Connie is not after the family's money. Connie's protests make Grace want to include them even more and the will is signed. Bill and Connie are then called to help a drunk Paco, heart-broken from a recent failed romance, to his bed. He demands that Bill and Connie dance a tango before he will fall asleep. They do so, and end up sharing several kisses. Grace meets a love-struck Bill as he is leaving, and, hearing him confess concern over what Hugh would think if Bill has feelings for Hugh's (possible) widow, assures him that his brother would want him to be happy. Connie receives an anonymous letter asking Who are you? And whose baby is that? She has been feeling guilty for taking advantage of Grace's (and now Bill's) kindness, but worries that any revelation of the truth would endanger Grace's life. Connie decides to leave with Hughie, and is found packing by Bill. Bill attempts to convince her to stay, proposing to her. He tells her to think about it overnight. Connie decides to run away anyway. Paco follows her to the train station, tells her about his own shady past, and makes her realize she and the baby are just as valuable to Grace as Grace is to them. Connie returns home to find Grace has had a heart attack because of her sudden disappearance. She and Grace talk about Bill's proposal, and Grace tells Connie to never take the baby away again. Connie decides to accept the situation, and agrees to marry Bill as Patricia Winterbourne. Steve saw a publicity shot of Connie as Patricia, and sent her that letter. He blackmails her to meet with him the next day, or else he will go to Grace, possibly giving her another heart attack. Grace, seeing Connie's distress from afar, sends Paco after Steve as he leaves, to discover his identity. At Steve's motel, Connie writes him a check to leave her and the baby alone, but Steve only wants it to force her into a worse scheme - pretending to kidnap Hughie, ransoming him back. If Connie goes to the police, Steve will use the check as proof that Connie approached him with the idea. Connie, terrified that Grace will die if she is frightened about Hughie being kidnapped, returns to the estate, and steals a pistol from a display case, then returns to the motel to frighten Steve into returning the incriminating check. She does not at first realize that Steve is already dead, and the pistol accidentally goes off when she finds out. Bill rushes in on the echo of the gunshot, and both Bill and Connie deny causing Steve's death. Connie talks Bill out of calling the police, and searches briefly for her own check. Failing to find it, she and Bill flee the scene, not knowing that Paco sees their flight from outside the motel. It is then that Connie begins to tell Bill about the lie she has been living, but Bill reveals that he already knows Connie's true identity, and that he loves her anyway. End Flashback. The next day, which happens to be their wedding day, the priest (Peter Gerety) tells Bill and Connie that Grace is outside the church, confessing to Steve's murder to the police lieutenant (Debra Monk) who came asking for Patricia Winterbourne. They rush to Grace's side, and each confesses to the murder themselves, trying to shield the others. Paco arrives in time to add his confession to the mix. The police officers tell them they already have the murderer in custody. They only came to the church to question Connie about her check to Steve. The murderer was the woman Steve started seeing after dumping Connie. Like Connie, she had gotten pregnant and Steve had abandoned her. Connie confesses the truth about Hughie's parentage to Grace, who says she'll still accept Connie and Hughie, adding that she'd like more grandchildren. The wedding goes ahead, and Bill presents Connie with a wedding ring that has 'Bill & Connie' engraved on the inside (of course, the ring she wore in the hospital had 'Hugh & Patricia' in it). Thus Connie, who had been pretending to be Mrs. Winterbourne, finally becomes a real Mrs. Winterbourne.
Without Warning	American	drama	Robert Iscove	Broadcast eleven years after a similar program, Special Bulletin, Without Warning starts in an identical fashion, with the beginning of regular programming, in this case the opening of a murder mystery film with the title Without Warning, starring Loni Anderson (appearing in a cameo). Within moments, however, the program is interrupted with a news bulletin of a series of three earthquakes, one of them located in the Thunder Basin area of Wyoming. The movie resumes but a few moments later is interrupted for good as coverage begins of a Halloween night meteor impact on the United States. Over the course of the film it is learned that additional impacts had been reported in southern France and a remote area of China. A scientist notes that the objects hit in a mathematically precise way and suggests the impacts may have been deliberate. Soon, lone survivors are found at the Wyoming and France impact sites: a young girl and a young Frenchman. The girl had been reported missing from a city hundreds of miles away from the impact. Both people are severely burned and are speaking in unintelligible syllables. The three impact sites begin broadcasting an ear-piercing radio signal that cripples aircraft flying within latitudes immediately surrounding the impacts. Then, another larger object is detected moving towards the North Pole. The United States, despite protests from world leaders and scientists, orders several aircraft to intercept the object before it impacts with the earth and destroy it using nuclear weapons. This is successful, although all the aircraft are destroyed, apparently by a signal coming from the new object. A scientist, named Dr. Avram Mandel, who has been studying the impacts is flown by an F-16 to a U.S. military base where reporters are being briefed on the latest incident. He reveals that his determination is that the impacts were in fact an attempt at first contact by an alien species and that, by destroying the follow-up aircraft, Earth has declared war on the aliens. As if that wasn't enough, more than two-thirds of the public (or 72% for that matter) now believe that the objects have been connected to alien life, according to a telephone poll. Other mysteries occur. At one point, the population of an entire town vanishes without a trace. It has been suggested that this occurred not as a result of the attacks, but in fact may have been a reference to one of the more extreme interpretations of the rapture. The town's name is Faith, Wyoming, supporting this reference. Dr. Mandel's fears are confirmed when he later reveals that there are three more objects, each 2 miles wide, approaching Earth. Unlike last time, when they were aimed (intentionally, it is suggested) at lightly inhabited areas, these new objects have been directly aimed at Washington, D.C., Moscow, and Beijing—not coincidentally, the capital cities of the three biggest holders of nuclear weapons. Over the course of the night, the young Frenchman and the young girl are identified as Jean-Paul Chounard and 8-year-old Kimberly Hastings, respectively, before eventually dying. Over the next few tense minutes, nuclear weapons are launched to intercept these three objects successfully (although Washington is nearly hit). With a sigh of relief, the news anchors report success. Meanwhile, scientists are able to finally decipher the young girl and the young Frenchman's speech. It turns out they are each speaking a fragment of a message. When combined (although not complete as the assumed third survivor is never located), the message appears to be reciting of the message from the U.N. Secretary General that had been included on a special recording sent with the Voyager space probes. Moments later, astronomers detect hundreds more asteroids, all heading towards Earth. As Sander Vanocur and a terrified Dr. Caroline Jaffe, realizing that aliens were indeed behind all that has happened, await the inevitable destruction of the planet, hearing reports of cities and entire countries being destroyed worldwide, the wizened anchorman solemnly quotes from William Shakespeare: The fault, dear Brutus, lies not in our stars, but in ourselves as a rumble is heard and the picture cuts to static. The nature of the aliens and their reason for the contacting Earth is never revealed, and they are never seen. Similarly the exact nature or reasoning of their hello message—the crashing of three meteor-like objects into Earth—is left a mystery, as is the intent and purpose of the follow-up vessel that is destroyed by the military. A third survivor of the original impacts is assumed throughout, but given the remote region in which the Chinese impact occurred, this individual is never located during the time frame of the film.
Cool and the Crazy	American	drama	Ralph Bakshi	High School sweethearts Michael and Rosy happily marry during the 1950s, both 18. Things go along smoothly until Roslyn gets pregnant, at age 19. The bills pile up and the two grow apart from each other. Roslyn spends most of the time taking care of their child and hanging out with her best friend, Joannie, who's married to a guy named Bobby. Joannie's been cheating on her husband with a man named Frankie. Roslyn is introduced to Frankie's friend, Joey, a bad boy who's also married. Immediately, Roslyn begins an affair with Joey. At first Michael doesn't suspect anything, but when the two girl friends go out at night and come back later and later, it dawns on him that they are both having affairs. Michael works at a design company with Lorraine, who's into the Beat and jazz scenes. One night, he goes out to have an affair with her. The next morning, however, his uptight attitudes causes him to back out of the affair when he learns that he's not her only lover. Eventually Lorraine leaves to go to New York City. At the same time, Roslyn's trying to break off her affair with Joey, but he won't give up that easily. Varied events soon escalate in violence. Joey kidnaps Roslyn, and Michael goes after them, and takes his wife back from him. Michael and Roslyn go their separate ways, and Michael hits the road.
Saath Saath	Bollywood	drama	Raman Kumar	Avinash, an M.A. student, is an idealistic young man with socialist views and stern principles. He is not affected by the materialistic nature of his generation and strongly opposes acquiring more wealth than is needed. He is the son of a wealthy landlord but has left his father's house because of philosophical differences. He works as a part time writer for a living. He finds an admirer in Geeta, his classmate and daughter of a textile mill owner, who falls in love with him for his outlook. Geeta also leaves her father's house and they get married and are soon expecting a child. Avinash finds it difficult to manage this extended family. Financial insecurity forces him to join a publishing house owned by his classmate Satish Shah. Soon he starts transforming into a ruthless businessman and treads the very path he once loathed. Geeta is surprised at his easy change of principles and decides to leave him. Avinash realizes his mistake, leaves his job and joins his ex-professor Choudhary's publishing house.
Eureka Stockade	British	drama	Harry Watt	An introductory montage establishes Australia of a hundred years ago – a place of both wealth and poverty, transformed by the discovery of gold in 1851. This causes a massive drain in manpower which puts a strain on the country. The Victorian governor appoints an army officer, Reid, commissioner of the goldfields and orders him to tax the miners via licences, and to keep law and order. In 1854 Ballarat, civil engineer Peter Lalor arrives to prospect for gold with his Italian friend Rafaello Carboni. They discover the license fee system is strictly enforced. The miners are upset at the conditions under which they work. Lalor and Carboni befriend a Scottish sailor, Tom, and Lalor meets a school teacher, Alicia, and the two begin a romance. Governor La Trobe resigns and Governor Hotham arrives, ordering Reid to force people off the gold fields in order to encourage them back to other jobs. Things get militant on the goldfields after the murder of miner James Scobie by James Bentley goes unpunished. The miners riot, despite Lalor's efforts and burn down Bentley's hotel. Governor Hotham sends in the military to keep the peace. The miners form the Ballarat Reform League and Lalor emerges as their leader. They rally under the Eureka Flag. Lalor and the miners arm themselves and make camp at the Eureka Stockade. The rebellion is overpowered by the British Army. Many of the miners are killed and Lalor is injured, ultimately having to have his arm amputated. However the reforms wanted by the miners are ultimately pushed through and Lalor is elected to Parliament.
Loyalties	British	drama	Basil Dean	While a houseguest at an upper-class gathering, wealthy Jew Ferdinand de Levis is robbed of £1,000 with evidence pointing towards the guilt of another guest, Captain Dancy. Instead of supporting De Levis, the host attempts to hush the matter up and when this fails, he sides with Dancy and subtly tries to destroy de Levis' reputation. When Dancy is later exposed, and commits suicide, de Levis is blamed for his demise.
Sex, Lies, and Videotape	American	drama	Steven Soderbergh	Ann Bishop Mullany lives in Baton Rouge. She is unhappily married to John, a successful lawyer, and they live in a comfortable home. Ann has a personal complaint about intimacy she expresses to her sister: she has never experienced an orgasm. She is in therapy. Graham Dalton is an old close college friend of John. He is now a seeming drifter with some money saved up. Nine years after college Graham returns to visit and perhaps live in Baton Rouge. Graham arrives at John's to meet Ann. Later she learns that John has invited Graham to stay with them until he finds an apartment. When John arrives home, Graham's demeanor becomes remarkably more guarded, due in large part to John's subtle disapproval of Graham's bohemian persona. The men discuss the fact that Graham's college girlfriend, Elizabeth, is still living in Baton Rouge. John is cheating on Ann with her sister, Cynthia, a free-spirited and friendly bartender. He rationalizes it by blaming Ann's frigidity. John frequently leaves his law office mid-day to meet for trysts with Cynthia, instructing his secretary to reschedule clients, even when they are already in the lobby waiting to see him. Ann ends up helping Graham look for an apartment. After Graham finds a place, Ann makes an impromptu visit to Graham's apartment. While visiting she notices stacks of camcorder videotapes, all with women's names on them around the television. When pressed, Graham explains that he interviews women about their lives, sexual experiences, and fantasies, and records them on videotape. After hearing Graham, Ann is suddenly overcome with shock and confusion, and quickly leaves his apartment. Within a day, Ann's outgoing sister Cynthia appears uninvited at Graham's apartment and introduces herself. Cynthia presses Graham to explain what incident spooked Ann the preceding day. Graham briefly and reluctantly explains the sexual interview videotapes, and admits to Cynthia his sexual dysfunction: that he is impotent when in the presence of another person, and that he achieves gratification by watching these videos in private. Graham propositions Cynthia to make an interview tape, assuring her that no other person is allowed to see the tapes. She believes him, and agrees. Cynthia reports doing a videotape with Graham back to Ann, who is horrified. Later Cynthia also tells John about her videotape and he also reacts very negatively (though more than a little possessively). Cleaning her home the next day, Ann discovers Cynthia's pearl earring in her bedroom (she knows the earring belongs to her sister, since she had mentioned that she had lost it) while vacuuming. Ann is then furious. She heads over to Graham's apartment with the intention of making a videotape. Graham objects, telling her making a videotape is something she would not do in a normal frame of mind. Ann insists on making a videotape, and Graham relents. Afterward at home, Ann then angrily demands a divorce from John. In the ensuing shouting argument, John quickly learns that Ann has been to Graham's, and that she made a sexual video. John rushes to Graham's apartment, suddenly hits him and then locks him out of the house. John then watches Ann's tape. In the video, Ann says she has never felt any kind of 'satisfaction' from sex. After Graham asks if she ever thinks of having sex with other men, she admits she has thought of Graham. Ann later turns the camera on Graham, who resists but she persists. Graham confesses that he is haunted by Elizabeth, and that his motivation in returning to Baton Rouge is an attempt to achieve some closure. Graham explains that he was a pathological liar, which destroyed an otherwise rewarding relationship with Elizabeth. He explains that he has since gone to great lengths to keep people at a distance and avoid relationships. Ann starts touching and kissing Graham; Graham turns off the camera; it is implied that the two have sex. A chastened John joins Graham on the front porch and, with obvious pleasure, confesses to having sex with Elizabeth while she and Graham were a couple. But John also helps Graham see his ex Elizabeth in a more realistic way. He states, She was no saint. She was good in bed, and she could keep a secret. That's all I can say about her. and then leaves. This statement makes Graham furious and he goes into a rage and destroys all of the videotapes, as well as his video camera. The next day, John is summoned to his boss's legal office, where it’s implied that he is about to be fired due to his frequent cancellations of meetings with important clients of the firm to have sexual trysts with Cynthia. In the next scene, Ann and Cynthia reconcile at the bar Cynthia tends. Ann then goes to Graham's place and joins Graham on the front porch, as they appear to be a couple.
Bank Holiday	British	drama	Carol Reed	On a 1930s Bank Holiday weekend, a number of people rush for trains to head to the seaside. They include:
True Story	American	drama	Rupert Goold	Christian Longo (James Franco), an Oregon man whose wife and three children have been discovered murdered, is arrested by police in Mexico, where he had been identifying himself as a reporter for the New York Times named Michael Finkel. In New York City, Michael Finkel (Jonah Hill) is an ambitious and successful reporter. He is confronted by his editors about a story he has written and has featured on the cover of the New York Times Magazine, who accuse him of using a composite character as the focus of his story, a violation of basic reporting principles. Finkel briefly attempts to defend his actions, but he is unsuccessful and is fired. He returns home to his wife (Felicity Jones), and struggles to find work as a journalist due to his public firing from the Times. Finkel is contacted by a reporter for The Oregonian, who is seeking his opinion on Christian Longo's theft of his identity. Finkel, who was not aware of Longo's case at all, is intrigued, and arranges to meet with Longo in prison. During their first conversation, Longo claims that he has followed Finkel for his entire career and always admired his writing. Longo agrees to tell Finkel his side of the crimes he is accused of, in exchange for writing lessons and Finkel's promise not to share their conversations until after the conclusion of the murder trial. Finkel becomes increasingly absorbed with Longo, who is likeable but evasive about his guilt. Convinced that the story will be redemptive, Finkel visits Longo in prison and corresponds with him for several months. Longo sends Finkel numerous letters as well as an eighty-page notebook entitled Wrong Turns, which contains what Longo describes as a list of every mistake he has made in his life. Finkel begins to recognize similarities between Longo and himself, their handwriting and drawing, and Longo's letters and Finkel's personal journals. As the trial approaches, Finkel grows increasingly doubtful that Longo is guilty of the murders, and Longo informs Finkel he intends changing his plea to not guilty. In court, Longo pleads not guilty to two of the murders, but pleads guilty to the murder of his wife and one of his daughters. Finkel confronts Longo, who claims that he can not share everything he knows because he has to protect certain individuals, whom he refuses to name. Greg Ganley (Robert John Burke), the detective who tracked Longo down and arrested him, approaches Finkel, and claims that Longo is an extremely dangerous and manipulative man. He tries to convince Finkel to turn over as evidence all of his correspondence with Longo. Finkel refuses and Ganley does not press him for an explanation. At the trial, Longo takes the stand and describes his version of the events in detail. He claims that, after an argument with his wife about their financial situation, he had come home to discover two of his children missing, one of his daughters unconscious, and his wife sobbing, saying that she put the children in the water. Longo says that he strangled his wife to death in a blind rage. He says he thought his other daughter was dead at first, but then realized that she was still breathing and strangled her as well because she was all but dead. Finkel's wife, Jill, watches Longo's testimony. As the jury deliberates, Jill visits Longo in jail and tells him that he is a narcissistic murderer who will never escape who he is. Longo is found guilty of all four charges and sentenced to death. After he is sentenced, he winks at Finkel, who to his shock and rage, realizes that Longo has been lying throughout their conversations, using him in order to make his testimony more believable. A short time later, Finkel meets Longo on death row. Longo tries to convince Finkel that he discovered his wife strangling their daughter and then blacked out, so that he has no memory of the murders. Finkel angrily tells Longo that he will not believe any more of his lies and will warn the judge when Longo appeals his sentence of Longo's manipulative nature. Longo retorts by pointing out the success Finkel has had with his book about their encounters, leaving the reporter shaken. Finkel reads a section of his book, entitled True Story, at a promotional event in a bookstore. Taking questions from the audience, he imagines Longo standing in the back of the room. Longo says that, if he has lost his freedom, Finkel must have lost something as well. Finkel is unable to respond. Title cards reveal that Longo admitted, a year later, to killing his entire family. Although Finkel never wrote for the New York Times again, Longo has contributed articles to a number of publications from death row, including the New York Times. The final title card reads that Finkel and Longo still speak on the first Sunday of every month.
Babul	Bollywood	drama	S. U. Sunny	Ashok hails from a wealthy family and has a job as a postmaster, but it is clear that his job requires little hard labor, aside from sending an occasional telegram, leaving him time to enjoy his comforts – cigarettes, painting and song writing. A girl named Bela, the poor and simple daughter of the former postmaster strives for his affections and is supported by her poor father who wants her married. Bela prepares Ashok's meals, teases and amuses him, and imagines a happy marriage with Ashok, who likes her but is not in love with her. Bela has competition from the wealthy landowner Jamnadas's daughter Usha, who lives a lavish lifestyle in a hilltop mansion. Usha, drives a foreign car and seems more suitable for Ashok, the young postmaster. They share a love of fine art and music, and Usha falls in love with his singing and arranges for him to give her music lessons on her grand piano in a boudoir adorned with fine art. Bela, heartbroken, in a fit of jealousy intervenes by lying to Usha that Ashok has already professed his love for her and is playing a double game. In a surprising display of class-transcending understanding, Usha agrees to renounce her love for Ashok in favor of Bela's claim, and accepts a proposal from the aristocratic son of one of her father's colleagues. As Usha's wedding approaches, both she and Ashok become depressed and Bela has recurring nightmares of a black-veiled rider coming to carry her away. Bela witnesses Usha's wedding while sitting in a tree, believing that shortly afterwards she would be married off to Ashok. But the tree branch that she is sitting on breaks and she falls to the ground, severely injured. As she is brought back to her father's home in this condition, Ashok arrives and promises her father he would marry Bela. As Ashok sits on Bela's bedside to comfort her, Bela dreams again that the black-veiled rider has come to get her and dies.
The Devils	British	drama	Ken Russell	In 17th Century France, Cardinal Richelieu is influencing Louis XIII in an attempt to gain further power. He convinces Louis that the fortifications of cities throughout France should be demolished to prevent Protestants from uprising. Louis agrees, but forbids Richelieu from carrying out demolitions in the town of Loudun, having made a promise to its Governor not to damage the town. Meanwhile, in Loudun, the Governor has died, leaving control of the city to Urbain Grandier, a dissolute and proud but popular and well-regarded priest. He is having an affair with a relative of Father Canon Jean Mignon, another priest in the town; Grandier is, however, unaware that the neurotic, hunchbacked Sister Jeanne des Anges (a victim of severe scoliosis who happens to be abbess of the local Ursuline convent), is sexually obsessed with him. Sister Jeanne asks for Grandier to become the convent's new confessor. Grandier secretly marries another woman, Madeleine De Brou, but news of this reaches Sister Jeanne, driving her to jealous insanity. When Madeleine returns a book by Ursuline foundress Angela Merici that Sister Jeanne had earlier lent her, the abbess viciously attacks her with accusations of being a fornicator and sacrilegious bitch, among other things. Baron Jean de Laubardemont arrives with orders to demolish the city, overriding Grandier's orders to stop. Grandier summons the town's soldiers and forces Laubardemont to back down pending the arrival of an order for the demolition from King Louis. Grandier departs Loudun to visit the King. In the meantime, Sister Jeanne is informed by Father Mignon that he is to be their new confessor. She informs him of Grandier's marriage and affairs, and also inadvertently accuses Grandier of witchcraft and of possessing her, information that Mignon relays to Laubardemont. In the process, the information is pared down to just the claim that Grandier has bewitched the convent and has dealt with the Devil. With Grandier away from Loudon, Laubardemont and Mignon decide to find evidence against him. Laubardemont summons the lunatic inquisitor Father Pierre Barre, a professional witch-hunter, whose interrogations actually involve depraved acts of exorcism, including the forced administration of enemas to his victims. Sister Jeanne claims that Grandier has bewitched her, and the other nuns do the same. A public exorcism erupts in the town, in which the nuns remove their clothes and enter a state of religious frenzy. Duke Henri de Condé (actually King Louis in disguise) arrives, claiming to be carrying a holy relic which can exorcise the devils possessing the nuns. Father Barre then proceeds to use the relic in exorcising the nuns, who then appear as though they have been cured – until Condé/Louis reveals the case allegedly containing the relic to be empty. Despite proof to the contrary, both the possessions and the exorcisms continue unabated, eventually descending into a massive orgy in the church in which the disrobed nuns remove the crucifix from above the high altar and sexually assault it. In the midst of the chaos, Grandier and Madeleine return and are immediately arrested. After being given a ridiculous show trial, Grandier is shaven and tortured – although at his execution, he eventually manages to convince Mignon that he is innocent. The judges, clearly under orders from Laubardemont, sentence Grandier to death by burning at the stake. Laubardemont has also obtained permission to destroy the city's fortifications. Despite pressure on Grandier to confess to the trumped-up charges, he refuses, and is then taken to be burnt at the stake. His executioner promises to strangle him rather than let him suffer the agonising death by fire that he would otherwise experience, but the overzealous Barre starts the fire himself, and Mignon, now visibly panic-stricken about the possibility of Grandier's innocence, pulls the noose tight before it can be used to strangle the priest. As Grandier burns, Laubardemont gives the order for explosive charges to be set off and the city walls are blown up, causing the revelling townspeople to flee. After the execution, Barre leaves Loudun to continue his witch-hunting activities elsewhere in the southwest of France. Laubardemont informs Sister Jeanne that Mignon has been put away in an asylum for claiming that Grandier was innocent (the explanation given is that he is demented), and that with no signed confession to prove otherwise, everyone has the same opinion. He gives her Grandier's charred femur and leaves. Sister Jeanne, now completely broken, masturbates pathetically with the bone. Madeleine, having been released, is seen walking over the rubble of Loudun's walls and away from the ruined city as the film ends.
Geetanjali	Bollywood	drama	Shakti Samanta	Geetanjali is the story of two twin sisters Geeta and Anjali (Rekha in the double role). Geeta is a music teacher and Anjali is a world-renowned famous dancer. Sagar (Jeetendra) is a college professor who has come to his sister's place to spend his holiday. There he meets Geeta, they fall in love and get married. In the course of time, they have a child. Geeta is of a very suspicious nature. Whenever Sagar comes late, she suspects that he must be having an affair with his female students. One of the students, Kaveri, flirts with Sagar, so that he will pass her in the exams. She tries to take advantage of Sagar, but when she is turned down, Kaveri reports to the principal that Sagar tried to rape her. Sagar is suspended till further inquiry and Geeta, who had always suspected Sagar, leaves the house and goes to stay with her sister. Anjali knew Sagar well and did not believe Geeta. Anjali goes to Sagar's house as Geeta to find out the truth. Will Sagar's innocence be proved?
Ankur	Bollywood	drama	Shyam Benegal	Ankur is a complex film that analyzes human behavior in general and heavily stresses characterization (though the story is not fictional). The story revolves around two characters, Lakshmi and Surya. Lakshmi (Shabana Azmi) lives in a village with her husband Kishtayya (Sadhu Meher), a deaf-mute alcoholic potter who communicates using gestures. The couple is poor and belongs to the lowly Dalit caste. Lakshmi attends a village festival and prays faithfully to the Goddess, stating that her only desire in life is to have a child. Surya (Anant Nag), the son of the village landlord, has just finished his studies in the nearby city of Hyderabad and arrives back home. Surya's father (Khader Ali Beg) has a mistress named Kaushalya with whom he has an illegitimate son named Pratap. Surya's father claims to have given Kaushalya the best land in the village, a gift which serves as both a token of his affection and also keeps Kaushalya quiet and satisfied. Surya is forced by his father into a child marriage with the under aged Saru (Priya Tendulkar), and begins to feel extremely sexually frustrated due to the fact that they cannot have sex until Saru matures. Surya reluctantly takes over the administrative responsibilities of his share of land in the village. Alone, he moves into a different, older house, and Lakshmi and Kishtayya are sent to act as his servants. Not long after his arrival, he begins to exert his authority by introducing a number of different laws and measures, many of which are controversial among the village people. Almost immediately, Surya starts to form an attraction towards Lakshmi, and gives her the task of cooking his meals and serving him tea. This does not sit well with the village priest, a man who traditionally delivers food to the landowner, though at a higher price than Lakshmi asks. Surya also hires Kishtayya to ride his bullock cart and go on errands. The following day, he has Kishtayya collect fertilizer from the landlord's house. Surya then uses Kishtayya's absence to try to flirt with Lakshmi, but she fails to reciprocate. In the meantime, the villagers have begun to gossip, and many (most notably the overseer, Police Officer Patel Sheikh Chand) believe that Surya has already slept with Lakshmi, and will act in the same way that his father did - try to conceal the scandal by giving his mistress a vast plot of land. Kishtayya is caught stealing toddy wine, after which he is publicly humiliated, and he decides to leave the village due to the embarrassment. In his absence, Surya and Lakshmi sleep together. Some while later, Saru arrives at the village, in order to live with her husband. Saru does not approve of Lakshmi's presence, partly because Lakshmi is a Dalit and partly because Saru has heard the villagers' rumors. The next morning, Lakshmi begins suffering from morning sickness, and Saru fires her, claiming that she is too sick to work. Many days go by, and eventually Kishtayya returns, having cured himself of his alcoholism and made some money. Lakshmi is overwhelmed with a feeling of guilt, because she believes that she has betrayed her husband. On discovering Lakshmi's pregnancy, he salutes the village goddess at her temple, acknowledging that his wife's wish has been granted. He then decides to return to work and hopefully ride the bullock cart once again for Surya. Surya sees Kishtayya and mistakenly believes that Kishtayya is seeking revenge from him due to his infidelity with Lakshmi. Surya orders three men to grab hold of Kishtayya and then proceeds to whip him with a rope used for lynching. The commotion attracts others, including Sheikh Chand and Pratap, to the scene, and Lakshmi rushes to defend her husband. She angrily curses Surya, then slowly returns home with Kishtayya. In the final scene, after the others have left, a young child throws a stone at Surya's glass window and runs away.[5]
Dangerous Moonlight	British	drama	Brian Desmond Hurst	During the German invasion of Poland, Polish airman and piano virtuoso Stefan Radetzky (Anton Walbrook) meets American reporter Carole Peters (Sally Gray). He volunteers to fly a suicide mission against Germany, but is not selected. Radetzky is among the last to escape Warsaw and months later, in New York, he and Carole meet again, and marry. In England, Radetzky gives a public concert and reveals that he has come back to fight, volunteering to fly as a pilot in a Polish squadron, fighting in the Battle of Britain, even though Carole fears he will be killed. His final mission ends with his self-sacrifice by crashing into a German aircraft. He is badly injured in the crash and suffers from amnesia. Later, Radetzky is in a London hospital, recovering from his injuries. He begins to remember his past, recalling composing the Warsaw Concerto, while the Germans bomb the city, and when he first met his wife. Sitting at the piano, Radetzky sees Carole and says, Carole, it's not safe to go out with you when the moon is so bright, repeating the first words he ever spoke to her.
The Menu	Hong Kong	drama	Ben Fong	The invention of smart phones has accelerated the decline in print journalism, which online journalism has been replacing. Two years after the death of Kenny Wong and the departure of editor-in-chief Alma Wong, Smart Post is facing a direct challenge from Flash Post, whose online articles receive considerable click rate on its first date of publication. Fong Ying (Catherine Chau), Smart Post's interim editor-in-chief, is warned by CEO Chong Nga-yuen (Justin Cheung) that the newspaper will be forced to shut down if it loses in the competition with Flash Post. On her first day as photojournalist, Mallory Mak (Kate Yeung) comes across the award-winning photo The Starving of Sudan and discusses the ethics behind photojournalism with her colleague and boyfriend Lok Ka-fai (Gregory Wong). Young entrepreneur Ko Yin-yan is interviewed at the television station C99. Seven years ago, he raped and murdered a 17-year-old girl but was acquitted of all charges after he bribed a key witness. Although the witness admitted to giving false testimony later, Ko was unable to be charged again owing to the principle of double jeopardy, which forbids the prosecution to press the same charge against the same person again. Furious at seeing the murderer of her daughter remain at large, Tam Yui-chi (Ng Man-tat) has long been under hunger strikes protesting the government's slow progress in abolishing double jeopardy despite professional recommendations, but his solo actions have been constantly ignored and at one point mocked by Lok, who told him he can never gain any media attention unless he has a mass support group or he commits a crime. Seeing Ko's visit to the television studio as a chance, Tam, a technician at C99, detonates explosives and takes Ko hostage along with several colleagues of his. Tam demands the Chief Executive, Lo Kin-kuen, to meet with him before midnight, otherwise he will kill all the hostages and himself. He then sends a voice message to his wife Chim Sui-wah (Mimi Kung) informing her of his action, which triggers her cardiac attack and causes her minibus to crash at a high speed. Mak and Lok witness Chim's accident along with many journalists near the scene. Although Lok acts fast to discover Chim's mobile phone and to establish her relation with the hostage-taker, Flash Post overtakes Smart Post in sending the push notification of the breaking news. Fong decides to gain back click rate by asking Lok to break into the studio and to conduct a live online interview with Tam via a handheld transceiver. After Tam discloses the story of her daughter to the public, the interview is cut short by the police. Flash Post's Fung (Ben Yeung) and Zhong Kaiqi (Jeana Ho) follow suit but intentionally provoke Tam to make him assault Ko while broadcast live. Lok traces the threatening messages in Chim's phone to Ko's father, a Guangzhou tycoon with a close relation with Lo, whom he confronts in person. Blaming himself for instigating Tam's action, he questions Fong's order to publish online the secretly-filmed video and instead takes it to the government Information Coordinator (Deon Cheung) to demand Lo's immediate intervention. Lo initially refuses, but agrees to send a delegate to negotiate after Fong reveals Ko's uncle is the legislator delaying the law reform regarding double jeopardy. The preliminary talk between Tam and Lok as Lo's delegate goes well, and Tam releases four of the hostages. However, after seeing the photos of his wife's corpse published by Flash Post, a desperate Tam cuts the connection with the police and sets off the explosives to kill some of the hostages. Amidst a public uproar against Flash Post, Zhong resigns from the newspaper and Mak vows to take photojournalism back to the right cause. Smart Post's infographic video goes viral on social media and online forums, and attracts thousands to flood into the streets outside C99 station. Half an hour before the deadline, knowing about the mass of people gathering outside in support of him, Tam surrenders to the police. Although Smart Post loses in terms of click rates by a narrow margin to Flash Post, whose editor-in-chief has just resigned, Fong is indifferent to this but summarises journalists' attitude with Kevin Kelly's message on the Whole Earth Catalog: Stay hungry. Stay Foolish.
Mula sa Kung Ano ang Noon *(2015 commercial release)	Filipino	drama	Lav Diaz	The Philippines, 1972. Mysterious things are happening in a remote barrio. Wails are heard from the forest, cows are hacked to death, a man is found bleeding to death at the crossroad and houses are burned. Ferdinand E. Marcos announces Proclamation No. 1081 putting the entire country under Martial Law. Everything became a mess when the Armed Forces of the Philippines decided to camp in the barrio. Or was it already messed up before?
Other Angels	Turkish	drama	Emre Yalgın	Sanem (Didem Soylu) is a prostitute who shares the same flat with three transvestites in Istanbul. Every day she dreams of a savior who will one day take her away from this life. One day a young man named Gökhan (Kanbolat Görkem Aslan) moves into the neighborhood, and soon Sanem attracts his attention. Sanem has to move out of her shared flat because of a number of problems that arise with her flat mates and she moves in with Gökhan. This will be the beginning of a journey during which both will question each other's reliability and their choices in life.
A Mongolian Tale	Chinese	drama	Xie Fei	A Mongolian Tale tells the story of two childhood sweethearts from their youth into their adulthood as set on the Mongolian steppes. Nai Nai (Dalarsurong), an old Mongolian woman is living with her orphaned granddaughter, Someyer, when she accepts into her home a boy, Beiyinpalica, whose mother has died and father cannot care for. Though raised as a brother and sister, Somiya and Beiyinpalica grow close. As Beiyinpalica (now played by the Mongolian pop singer Tengger) is about to enter adulthood, his father suddenly writes and orders him into the city to study veterinary science. He leaves but promises Someyer that he will marry her when he returns. While in the city, Beiyinpalica also becomes a student of music. When he returns three years later, he discovers that Someyer (now played by Naranhua) has become pregnant by another man. Heartbroken, he leaves once more. Twelve years later, Beiyinpalica has become a celebrated folk singer. Someyer, meanwhile, has born four sons and one daughter, though she is generally neglected by her drunken husband. Back home, Beiyinpalica suddenly finds himself in the position of being a father-figure for the girl.
Love Actually... Sucks!	Hong Kong	drama	Scud	Love Actually... Sucks! was inspired by real-life events, and opens with a dramatic wedding feast. It tells a variety of stories about love that has gone wrong: a brother and sister in an illicit relationship, a married painter who falls in love with his young male life model, a dance school teacher who becomes involved with his senior student, a role-playing lesbian couple, and a complex love triangle. The film celebrates the belief that life is love.[2][3]
Billy Budd	British	drama	Peter Ustinov	In the year 1797, the British naval vessel HMS Avenger presses into service a crewman according to the Rights of War from the merchant ship The Rights of Man. The new crewman, Billy Budd (Terence Stamp), is considered naive by his shipmates, and they attempt to indoctrinate him in their cynicism. But Budd's steadfast optimism is impenetrable, as when he is asked to critique the horrible stew the crew must eat, he offers It's hot. And there's a lot of it. I like everything about it except the flavor. The crew discovers Budd stammers in his speech when anxious. Though Budd manages to enchant the crew, his attempts at befriending the brutal master-at-arms, John Claggart (Robert Ryan), are unsuccessful. Claggart is cruel and unrepentant, a man who believes he must control the crew through vicious flogging; savaging them before they can prey on him. Claggart orders Squeak (Lee Montague) to find means of putting Budd on report and to implicate him in a planned mutiny. He then brings his charges to the Captain, Edwin Fairfax Vere (Peter Ustinov). Although Claggart has no reason to implicate Budd in the conspiracy, Budd becomes a target because Billy represents everything that Claggart despises: humility, innocence, and trust in humanity. Vere summons both Claggart and Budd to his cabin for a private confrontation. When Claggart makes his false charges that Budd is a conspirator, Budd stammers, unable to find the words to respond, and he strikes Claggart, who falls backward - against a block and tackle; Budd's unlawful act killed him with a single blow. Captain Vere assembles a court-martial. Vere and all the other officers on board are fully aware of Budd's simplicity and Claggart's evil, but the captain is also torn between his morality and duty to his station. Vere intervenes in the final stages of deliberations (which are in full support of Budd). He argues the defendant must be found guilty for even striking Claggart, Budd's superior, not to mention killing him. Vere's soul is in turmoil over the decision he must make. His arguments to pursue the letter of the law succeed, and Budd is convicted. Condemned to be hanged from the ship's yardarm at dawn the following morning, Budd takes care to wear his good shoes. At Budd's final words, God bless Captain Vere!, Vere crumbles, and Billy is subsequently hoisted up and hanged on the ships rigging. At this point the crew is on the verge of mutiny over the incident, but Vere can only stare off into the distance, the picture of abjection, overtaken by his part in the death of innocence. Just as the crew is to be fired upon by the ship's marine detachment, a French vessel appears and commences cannon fire on the Avenger, and the crew eventually returns fire. In the course of battle a piece of the ship's rigging falls on Vere, killing him. The ship's figurehead is also shot off while a narrator tells of Budd's heroic sacrifice.
Nayak	Bengali	drama	Satyajit Ray	A famous star of Bengali films, Arindam Mukherjee (Uttam Kumar), is invited to the capital, Delhi to receive a prestigious award. All the flights are booked, which forces him to take the train. The morning newspaper arrives and carries with it a detailed article on an altercation he had been involved in. In the restaurant car, he meets Aditi Sengupta (Sharmila Tagore), a young journalist who edits a modern women's magazine, Adhunika.[2] Filled with contempt for the likes of him, she secretly plans to interview him because she thinks it would attract more readers. He soon starts to reveal his personality, and also brings to surface the inner insecurities and his consciousness of the limitations of his 'powers'. Aditi initially takes notes, surreptitiously, but later on, out of empathy almost bordering on pity, stops. However, critical of the star, she interrogates him, leading to further introspection on his part. Slowly, his guilt about the way things turned out is very visible. Arindam also mentions Shankar-da, his mentor, who had never wanted Arindam to join films, being a strong opposer of the medium. He talks about his first day in film, and on the different experiences in faced with other workers in the field and some of the things that happened to them. Toward the end of the train journey, Arindam is drunk and feels a need to confide his wrongdoings. He asks the conductor to fetch Aditi. He begins to reveal the reason behind the altercation he was a part of, but Aditi stops him, as she has already guessed. It was an affair he'd had with one of his co-actors, Promila. Afraid that he might commit suicide, Aditi makes sure he returns to his cubicle, before going back to her own. As the star re-lives and examines his life with Aditi, a bond develops between them. Aditi realizes that in spite of his fame and success, Arindam is a lonely man, in need of empathy. Out of respect for him, she chooses to suppress the story and tears up the notes she has written. She lets the hero preserve his public image.
The Face	American	drama	Jack Bender	Due to a tragic childhood accident, Emily Gilmore (Yasmine Bleeth) is left scarred both physically and mentally. The large scar on her face is a constant reminder to Emily that her career and love life are suffering. Lonely yet talented, Emily longs for a successful career and romance but is trapped by insecurity and fear. The handsome Alec Dalton (James Wilder) turns Emily's life around and makes her feel truly happy and secure for the first time in her life. Unfortunately, Alec talks Emily into stealing money from her employer. But the old man that Emily works for comes in during the heist and has a heart attack. Emily stays behind to help him while Alec runs off. He gets away with the money but Emily is sent to prison. She is so in love with Alec she does not say a word about Alec's involvement. While Emily is in prison she learns that Alec has run away with her own sister, Sheila Gilmore (Chandra West). Devastated, Emily gets in a fight with another inmate and because of the injuries she sustains she has to be seen by Dr. Matthew Sheridan (Richard Beymer). The doctor tells her that he can correct her scars for free with an experimental surgery. It's a great success and Emily is beautiful, almost unrecognizable. After the surgery Emily begins a relationship with the surgeon, who showers her in gifts and love. She is released from prison and the two get engaged, but Emily leaves him when she discovers that Matthew had reconstructed her face to be identical to his dead wife's. Emily attempts to begin again, changing her name and starting her own business as a fashion designer with her friend from prison Claudia (Robin Givens). She reconnects with a kind man from her past, Paul (Ricky Paull Goldin), and starts a relationship with him (though he does not know her true identity.) But when Emily runs into Alec and he does not recognize her, she decides to take her revenge.
Emily Brontë's Wuthering Heights	British	drama	Peter Kosminsky	The movie revolves around the lives of the Earnshaws and the Lintons. It portrays the role of suffering, revenge, and unrequited love in society.
The Other Woman	American	drama	Gabrielle Beaumont	After Tessa Bryan (Jill Eikenberry) is diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer, she attempts to ensure that her two young daughters, Lara and Kate, accept her ex-husband Michael's second wife Carolyn. To do so, she takes them on a trip across the country to her father's ranch.
 Partisan	Australian	drama	Ariel Kleiman	Gregori, who operates a child assassin patriarch, adopts Alexander after seeing his mother, Susanna, without a partner at a hospital. Eleven years later, Alexander is an adept assassin running missions with other future child assassins adopted in the same manner. Gregori tells the children the world is full of terrible men which is why they must carry out their missions. Gregori teaches the children to put earplugs in during assassinations to protect their ears from the gunshot. Leo, Alexander's friend, is critical of himself after a mock assassination. Gregori sends Alexander and a girl on a mission where he kills a mechanic. Alexander sees his mother crying due to pregnancy, after she drops a piece of meat. He goes out during a mission and buys new meat at a local grocery store. The owner treats him kindly and gives him chocolate. Leo begins to question Gregori's authority escalating to a confrontation after Leo witnesses a chicken being slaughtered. He compares the chicken to the tyrannosaurus rex, fearing its extinction. Leo disappears from the compound afterwards. Alexander begins to question everything he was taught. Susanna gives birth to a baby brother named Tobias. On Alexander's third mission he shoots a man and watches him bleed out. On his way back he meets a boy who plays with his gun before returning it to him. Alexander takes Tobias after coming home. He is confronted by Gregori as the camera pans down Alexander is seen holding his gun pointed at Gregori with earplugs in Tobias' ears.
The Last Seduction	American	drama	John Dahl	Bridget Gregory works as a telemarketing manager in New York City. Her husband, Clay, is training to be a doctor and is heavily in debt to a loan shark, so, he arranges to sell stolen pharmaceutical cocaine to two drug dealers. The transaction becomes tense when the buyers pull a gun, but to Clay's surprise, they eventually pay him $700,000. Clay is left shaken, and on his return home he slaps Bridget, after she insults him. She then steals the cash from him, and flees their apartment while he is in the shower. On her way to Chicago she stops in Beston, a small town near Buffalo. There she meets Mike Swale, a local man back from a whirlwind marriage in Buffalo, that he refuses to talk about. He who tries to pick Bridget up, and she proceeds to use him for mere sexual gratification during her stay in town. Adept at word games and mirror writing, and with an imminent return to her hometown in mind, Bridget changes her name to Wendy Kroy, and gets a job at the insurance company, where coincidentally, Mike works. Their relationship is strained by her manipulative behavior and the fact he is falling for her. When Mike tells her how to find out if a man is cheating on his wife by reading his credit reports, Bridget invents a plan based on selling murders to cheated wives. She suggests they start with Lance Collier, a cheating, wife-beating husband residing in Florida. This proves to be the last straw for Mike, and he leaves her alone in his place after an argument. Elsewhere, Clay's thumb is broken by the loan shark for not repaying his loan. Fearing for his health and in dire financial straits, he hires a private detective, Harlan, to retrieve the money from his wife. Harlan traces her phone area code, travels to Beston, and accosts Bridget at gunpoint, right after her argument with Mike. Bridget manages to murder Harlan, on the drive back to her place, and tricks the police into closing the case without further investigation by using local racial prejudice to her advantage. Bridget then resumes her manipulation of Mike and pretends to travel to Florida to kill Lance Collier. Bridget instead goes to Buffalo to meet Mike's ex-wife, Trish. Bridget shows Mike the money she stole from Clay, to convince him she has taken a cut from the life insurance payout from the new widow, as payment for the supposed killing. Bridget tells him she has done it so they can live together, then tries to persuade him that he must also commit a similar murder so they will be even, and to prove that he loves her. She tries to talk Mike into killing a tax lawyer in New York City, who is cheating old ladies out of their homes. At first he rejects the idea, but later agrees after receiving a letter from his ex saying she is moving to Beston. The letter was forged by Bridget to change his mind. Mike goes to New York and breaks into the apartment of the attorney, who turns out to be Clay. After Clay is tied up by Mike, he manages to work out what is happening when Mike mentions Bridget's alias, and convinces him of the truth by showing him a photo of himself and Bridget together. They then hatch a plot to double-cross her, but she turns the tables by killing Clay herself. She tells a stunned Mike to rape her. When he refuses, she tells him she knows the truth about Trish, who is transgender. This causes Mike to have rough sex with her while acting out a rape fantasy. Unbeknownst to Mike, Bridget has dialed 9-1-1 and she coaxes him into confessing to Clay's murder as part of the role play. Mike is arrested for rape and murder, while she escapes with the cash, and calmly destroys the only evidence that could have been used in Mike's defense.
 The Butterfly Tree	Australian	drama	Priscilla Cameron	Evelyn is an ex-burlesque queen who puts a curse on single dad Al and his son Fin with her zest for life. When both Al and Fin learn they are competing for Evelyn's love, their competition brings back memories over the death of Fin's mother.
Hindle Wakes	British	drama	Victor Saville	Lancashire mill-girls Jenny Hawthorne (Chrystall) and Mary Hollins (Ruth Peterson) go on holiday to Blackpool during the annual wakes week in their hometown of Hindle. They run into Alan Jeffcote (Stuart), the son of the owner of the mill in which they work, who has also traveled to Blackpool with a group of friends while his fiancée is detained on business in London. Jenny and Alan hit it off immediately, and he persuades her to leave Blackpool to spend the week with him at Llandudno in North Wales. To cover her tracks, Jenny leaves a postcard with Mary, asking her to send it to her parents (Edmund Gwenn and Sybil Thorndike) later in the week. She and Alan leave their friends and set off for Wales. Shortly afterwards, Mary is involved in a serious road accident and is killed. Her possessions are returned to Hindle and the unmailed postcard is found in her luggage. Jenny's parents are already suspicious and concerned by the fact that Jenny has not returned to Hindle as they would have expected in view of such a tragic turn to her holiday, and the discovery of the postcard increases their fears. Jenny returns at the end of the week. Her parents ask about her holiday, and allow her to dig a hole for herself as her fictitious account shows she is unaware of Mary's death and has clearly not spent the week in Blackpool. When confronted with the truth, Jenny admits to where she has been, and with whom, and defiantly refuses to be made to feel guilty or immoral. The Hawthornes decide that they will have to confront the Jeffcotes (McKinnel and Mary Clare) with their son's unacceptable behaviour. Mrs. Hawthorne's anger is tempered by the fact that she believes the situation may be turned to financial advantage. Hawthorne feels some trepidation, as he and Jeffcote have been friends since childhood and have remained on good terms despite Jeffcote's rise to social prominence. To the surprise of the Hawthornes, Jeffcote agrees that in the circumstances Alan must be made to marry Jenny to prevent a scandal. Mrs. Jeffcote is less convinced, anticipating the ruin of Alan's reputation and business prospects. A meeting is convened between all the interested parties. Jenny and Alan remain silent while their parents try to thrash out suitable arrangements, and Mrs. Hawthorne and Mrs. Jeffcote become involved in an undignified shouting match. Jenny and Alan leave to talk alone. She tells him that she has no designs on his money and has no interest in marrying him. She then announces her decision to the incredulous parents, adding that Alan was no more to blame than she was, for both of them it was just a little fling about which neither need feel guilty, and that a woman has just as much right as a man to enjoy a brief sexual flirtation with no strings attached. Alan returns to his fiancée, while Jenny confidently leaves home and her mother's fury for an independent life without interference.
Angst	British	drama	Hans Steinhoff	Inge Duhan (Brink), a wealthy wife, begins conducting an affair, only to find herself blackmailed by another woman.
Key to Harmony	British	drama	Norman Walker	A woman's love life is threatened by her career success.
Shafika we metwally (Shafika and metwally)	Egyptian	drama	Ali Badrakhan	The film was based on a folktale about brother and sister Shafika and Metwally. Where the wayward sister (Souad Hosni) escapes her petty existence in a small Upper Egyptian village and moves to the city. Chafika's poverty finally takes her to acquire a bad reputation as a belly dancer and kept woman. Badrakhan gave the story an unconventional socio-political edge by setting it at the middle of the 19th century, when depraved Egyptian Pashas stopped at nothing to increase their wealth and influence, even if it meant trading in their own people’s lives and sacrificing others’ integrity.
Geet	Bollywood	drama	Ramanand Sagar	Kamla (Mala Sinha) is a successful stage performer who lives with her widowed father Dindayal (Nasir Hussain) in Delhi. She works in the company owned by Kunver Shamsher Singh (Sujit Kumar), who wants to marry her, but couldn't express his feelings. After a heavy schedule, she wants to take a break and goes to Kulu. There, she becomes interested in a local cattle herder, Sarju (Rajendra Kumar) after listening to his song. They spend time together and Kamla gradually becomes fascinated by him. Before she starts back, Sarju finally proposes her and she gladly accepts. But the question arises regarding their different backgrounds and at last Kamla agrees to come and stay with him in Kulu. She returns to Delhi to finish her committed shows. There, she informs Kunver about her marriage and retirement, which leaves him devastated. He finally expresses his feelings and asks Kamla to reconsider. Kamla tells him that she can't do anything now, though she sympathizes with him. After some days, Sarju suddenly appears in Delhi along with his sister Janki (Kumkum), asking for work as his sister's engagement was broken. Kamla introduces him to her boss Kunver, who was already quite jealous of Sarju. He tries to disapprove of Sarju's appearance, but approves of him after a makeover. Kamla and Sarju's pair performs stage shows and their records sell in great numbers. They settle Janki's marriage with businessman Ashok and decide to conduct two weddings at the same time. But her boss, filled with jealousy arranges an accident to kill Sarju. Sarju survives, but can't speak due to a head injury. They conduct Janki's marriage and sends her to her husband's house. Kamla takes care of Sarju and wants to marry him as soon as he gets better. Kunver further plans to separate Kamla and Sarju by killing her father and making Sarju a prime suspect. Seeing Sarju standing with a knife in his hand beside her father's dead body, even Kamla believes that he killed her father due to mental instability. She sends him to his sister's house, but Sarju leaves Janki's house too. He works as a construction worker where his boss listens to him playing a flute and invites him to play on the radio. Kamla agrees to marry Kunver at last, on one condition, that he shouldn't hand over Sarju to police on charges of murder. But Kunver plans to remove Sarju from the picture, and sends goons to kill Sarju. Sarju escapes and succeeds to find his voice again. He brings police to arrest Kunver and Kamla comes to know the truth; that Kunver was the real killer of her father. Kamla and Sarju reunite and move to Kulu.
Patanga	Bollywood	drama	Kedar Kapoor	Shyam (Shashi Kapoor) was a son of Ramu kaka who works in the palace of Kuwar Amar Singh (Ajit Khan). Amar Singh considers him as his own brother and gets him a good education. Shyam meets with Renu (Vimi) on a train while going to Dehradun and immediately gets attracted to her. As she finds her purse in his coat, she misunderstands him for a thief. Later, it is known to her that Kuldeep (Rajendra Nath) who was a petty thief, has stolen her purse and kept in Shyam's coat. She apologizes to him and they grow close. Meanwhile, it is revealed that Kuldeep was the lost cousin of Renu and they reconcile. Amar Singh asks Chandan Singh's sister's hand for Shyam, for which Chandan Singh feels insulted as Shyam was a servant's son and rivalry grows between them. Kuldeep meets with Rajkumari, sister of Chandan Singh and they fall for each other. Meanwhile, Renu's brother who was a close friend of Amar Singh, dies while Shyam was away on a vacation and Amar Singh deicdes to take care of Renu's family. He gets shocked to see Renu who completely resembles her deceased older sister Kamla. Kamla was the sweetheart of Amar Singh and the reason why Amar Singh was still a bachelor. He takes Renu, her aunt and her sister-in-law to his home. Ramu kaka also feels that Renu was a look-alike of Kamla and hopes that Amar Singh would at last marry. Renu recognizes Shyam's photo there and feels at home. Shyam at last returns to his village and finds Amar Singh quite attached to Renu. He decides to forget Renu for the sake of his benefactor and acts distant from Renu. Renu thinks that he was just afraid of his Bhayya Jhi (brother) and waits for official marriage proposal from him. Renu's family members want her to marry Amar Singh for their security but Renu wouldn't listen to them. Shyam tries to convince Renu to marry Amar Singh, but when she declines he starts drinking to repel her. Ashamed of his behavior, Amar Singh asks Shyam to leave the house. After a series of events, Amar Singh comes to know of Shyam and Renu's affections and decides to unite them. After a fight with Chandan Singh, who tries to kill Amar Singh, all reconcile and get Renu and Shyam married. Kuldeep marries Rajkumari with the consent of her brother Chandan Singh.
Lord of the Flies	British	drama	Peter Brook	A group of British schoolboys, living in the midst of a war, are evacuated from England. Their airliner is shot down by briefly-glimpsed fighter planes and ditches near a remote island. The main character, Ralph, is seen walking through a tropical forest. He meets an intelligent and chubby boy, who reveals his school nickname was Piggy, but asks that Ralph not repeat that. The two go to the beach where they find a conch shell, which Ralph blows to rally the other survivors. As they emerge from the jungle, it becomes clear that no adults have escaped the crash. Singing is then heard and a small column of school choir boys, wearing dark cloaks and hats and led by a boy named Jack Merridew, walk toward their direction. The boys decide to appoint a chief. The vote goes to Ralph, not Jack. Initially, Ralph is able to steer the boys (all of whom are aged between about six and fourteen) towards a reasonably civilized and co-operative society. Only the boy holding the conch is allowed to speak in turns during meetings or assemblies. The choir boys make wooden spears, creating the appearance that they are warriors within the group. Crucially, Jack has a knife, capable of killing an animal. The boys build shelters and start a signal fire using Piggy's glasses. With no rescue in sight, the increasingly authoritarian and violence-prone Jack starts hunting and eventually finds a pig. Meanwhile, the fire, for which he and his hunters are responsible, goes out, losing their chance of being spotted from a passing airplane. Piggy chastises Jack, and Jack strikes him in retaliation, knocking his glasses off, and breaking one lens. Ralph is furious with Jack. Soon some of the boys begin to talk of a beast that comes from the water. Jack, obsessed with this imagined threat, leaves the group to start a new tribe, one without rules, where the boys play and hunt all day. Soon, more follow until only a few, including Piggy, are left with Ralph. Events reach a crisis when a boy named Simon finds a sow's head impaled on a stick, left by Jack as an offering to the Beast. He becomes hypnotized by the head, which has flies swarming all around it. Simon goes to what he believes to be the nest of the Beast and finds a dead pilot under a hanging parachute. Simon runs to Jack's camp to tell them the truth, only to be killed in the darkness by the frenzied boys who mistake him for the Beast. Piggy defends the group's actions with a series of rationalizations and denials. The hunters raid the old group's camp and steal Piggy's glasses. Ralph goes to talk to the new group using the still-present power of the conch to get their attention. However, when Piggy takes the conch, they are not silent (as their rules require) but instead jeer. Roger, the cruel torturer and executioner of the tribe, pushes a boulder off a cliff which falls on and kills Piggy. Ralph hides in the jungle. Jack and his hunters set fires to smoke him out, and Ralph staggers across the smoke-covered island. Stumbling onto the beach, Ralph falls at the feet of a naval officer who stares in shock at the painted and spear-carrying savages that the boys have become, before turning to his accompanying landing party. One of the youngest boys tries to tell the officer his name, but cannot remember it. The last scene shows Ralph sobbing as flames spread across the island.
As Good as New	British	drama	Graham Cutts	A woman, disappointed in love, becomes increasingly cynical and attempts to marry a wealthy man.
Witchcraft	American	drama	Rob Spera	As Grace Churchill is having her baby, disturbing visions flash in her mind that show two witches being burned at the stake. It is later learned that these two people are John and Elizabeth Stockwell, who were burned in the year 1687. The visions seem to stop once her baby, whom she names William, is born. Things get worse when she, her husband, and the baby temporarily move into her mother-in-law’s creepy old house. It’s here that the visions start returning, and all sorts of spooky events start happening around her, including a priest hanging himself in their backyard. Grace discovers that the two witched she saw burned at the stake are her husband and mother-in-law, and they claim William as theirs. As the two try to kill Grace in a Satanic ritual, they are killed by their mute Butler, leaving Grace to save William
Bachpan	Bollywood	drama	Kotayya Pratyagatma	The movie Bachpan is about three friends, Ram (Master Sachin), Rahim (Mahboob Master) and Tom (Master Alankar). Ram is an orphan who lives with his aunt; Rahim lives with his father and horse (badshah); Tom lives with his father (Keshto Mukherjee) and mother very unhappilly, They love the toyseller Kashi (Sanjeev Kumar) and the flower seller lady Lajjo (Tanuja). Kashi lost his wife and children in an accident and spends his life with their memory. The story takes a turn when the smuggler Nekichand kills his side-kick and innocent Kashi was arrested for the murder. But those three kids were present there. As Kashi was drunk at the time of the murder he cannot recall anything, so he never tries to defend himself. Those three kids try to free their dear Kashi Chacha. Tom's father John fights his case and Ram gives witness in his favour. His witness and the evidences helps in releasing innocent Kashi. Ram's aunt also comes to the court and admits that Nekichand is the killer of Ram's father and she was trying to guard him as he is her brother. When Ram comes to know that Nekichand is his father's killer, he wants to take revenge. Ultimately Nekichand was arrested by the police with the initiative of Ram and Kashi. At the end, Kashi realises that the life should go on, and one cannot spend his entire life in the memory of the dead. Hence, he decides to marry Lajjo, who silently loved him from the very beginning.
A Mother's Story	Filipino	drama	John D. Lazatin	Medy (Pokwang) is a makeup artist living in the Philippines with her family, composed of her jobless husband (Nonie Buencamino), a son (Aaron Junatas, and later, Rayver Cruz), and an infant daughter. She regularly does the make-up of a popular concert star, who late on chose her as a personal make-up artist in a concert tour in the United States. While in America, she met her former classmate Helen (Beth Tamayo) who convinced Medy to stay in the country to be an illegal migrant worker. She decides to take Helen's offer, in hopes that working abroad will bring the prosperity her family seeks. Following her friend's suggestions, Medy works as a front desk operator at a children's drama studio. Medy quickly becomes a natural at her job, becoming a favorite among students, particularly with a young girl named Cherry. When Medy learns that her earnings are not enough to cover the medicine for her sick daughter Queenie (Xyriel Manabat), she follows Helen's suggestion to work as a stay-in housekeeper for a couple who works as lawyers. While working for the couple, Medy endures verbal and physical abuse. She also is barred contact with her family in the Philippines, with the couple going so far as confiscating her passport from her, so she cannot leave. Medy endures the hardship in hopes of a better life for her family, and with the help of Cherry, the student in the dance studio who turned out to be the couple's daughter. Medy also has Helen, whom she trusts to send her earnings and other gifts to her family. After seven years, Medy decides to leave the abusive couple. Fortunately, Cherry takes pity on her, and illicitly gives her passport back. Medy then seeks legal advice from a lawyer named Atty. Michael J. Gurfinkel, who advises her that she has a strong right to file a case against the family for illegal detention, physical injuries, and hiring someone like her as an undocumented citizen. Medy also confronts Helen, when she learns that not all her earnings made it to her family. Medy comes home to an impartial family reunion. She finds out that her husband is seeing another woman, leaving her children in her mother's care, Choleng. While her daughter is grateful to finally meet her, her son feels betrayed by a mother who left her to fend for themselves. Medy files for an annulment. When Medy tells her family about the hardships she endured in the United States, her family finally understands her. Medy also receives a phone call from Atty. Gurfinkel stating that she won the case against the abusive couple. She gains back wages and additional money from emotional distress. This piece of good news lifts Medy's spirit, and she starts to rebuild her life with her mother and her children. After a joyous Christmas celebration, King decides to go abroad just like his mother, hoping for a better future. The whole family wishes him the best of luck.
Sankofa	British	drama	Haile Gerima	The film starts off with an elderly Divine Drummer, Sankofa (played by Kofi Ghanaba), beating on African drums chanting the phrase, Lingering spirit of the dead, rise up. This is his form of communication with the ancestors of the African land. He believes that his drumming is essential in bringing the spirit of his ancestors who were killed in the African diaspora back home.[2] The story then goes on to show Mona (Oyafunmike Ogunlano), a contemporary African-American model on a film shoot in Ghana. She has a session at Cape Coast Castle, which she does not know was historically used for the Atlantic slave trade[3] because she has been disconnected from her African roots for so long. While Mona is on the beach modeling, she encounters the mysterious old man, Sankofa, who was beating on the drums at the beginning of the film. Sankofa persistently reminds Mona to return to her past and is very belligerent when it comes to keeping the place of his ancestors’ sacred, so he attempts to kick white tourists out of the slave castle.[4] When Mona decides to go take a look inside the castle herself, she gets trapped inside and enters a sort of trance in which she is surrounded by chained slaves who appear to have risen from the dead. Mona attempts to run out of the slave castle and is met by white slave masters who she tries to reason with by claiming she of American descent and not of African descent. The slave masters pay no attention to Mona’s claim and push her to a fire, strip off her clothing and put a hot iron on her back. Mona is then transported into the body of a house servant named Shola to live the life of her enslaved ancestors.[2] She is taken to the Lafayette plantation in the Southern United States where she suffers abuse by her slave masters and is often a victim of rape. On the plantation, Shola encounters many characters including Nunu (Alexandra Duah), an African-born field hand who went about her day-to-day life with Africa still living in her heart and was characterized as a strong motherly slave with a rebel mindset;[5] Noble Ali (Afemo Omilami), a headman with split loyalty between his masters and fellow slaves and who deeply loved Nunu and refused to let anything happen to her; and Shango (Mutabaruka), a rebellious West Indian slave who was sold to the Lafeyettes' after being deemed a trouble-maker and who soon became the lover of Shola. Shango is named after a Yoruba god and displays loyalty to his fellow slaves to the extent that he would risk his own life. There are many instances where Shango gets himself in trouble for attempting to fight on behalf of another slave.[2] Shango often performs rebellious acts such as trying to get Shola to poison the overseer or even cutting down sugar canes out of anger. When asked about why he will not simply run away from the plantation, he says it is because he can not leave his fellow slaves behind. Both Nunu and Shango resist and rebel against the slave system by doing everything in their power to gain freedom. Shola witnesses Nunu and Shango being actively involved in a secret society that had meetings at night and had memberships consisting of slaves from the Lafayette plantation as well as other plantations. At first, Shola claims that she can not get herself to join the secret society due to the Christian in her.[6] The slaves of the society altogether decide to execute a revolt which leaves a bunch of sugar cane land in ashes. Nunu comes into conflict with her own mixed-race son, Joe, who is fathered by a white man who raped Nunu on a slave ship. Joe (Nick Medley) has been made a head slave and often has to discipline other slaves in order to keep his master happy. Joe completely neglects his African identity and considers himself a white Christian male.[4] He is brainwashed by Father Raphel (Reginald Carter) who teaches Joe that the Africans on the plantation, including his own mother, are devil worshippers and that Joe could not identify with them.[2] Joe ends up killing his mother, Nunu, because he believes that she is possessed. He later realizes that his action was demoralizing and that he had no reason to forgive himself. After Nunu’s death, some believe that she was metaphorically able to return home on the wings of a bird, meaning that her deep desire to return to Africa was finally fulfilled. Throughout the film, Shola gradually transforms from being a compliant slave to one that gains rebellious instincts after being given the Sankofa bird by Shango.[6] The bird once belonged to Shango’s father and Shango decided to pass it on to Shola after she was flogged for attempting to run away. Inspired by Nunu and Shango's determination to defy the system, Shola joins them in fighting back against her masters in a rebellion where she retaliates at her white rapist and kills him.[6] After her trials, Shola returns to the present as Mona, deeply aware of her African roots.[3] She is greeted by a woman who says My child, welcome back and walks past the photographer who symbolizes colonialism and westernization.[7] Mona is now enlightened and is captivated by the sound of Sankofa’s chants and his African drum. She joins a group of black people who have also learned what Sankofa really means and are reconnecting to their roots. Nunu comes out of the slave castle while Mona was in a trance and sheds tears of joy. Meanwhile, Sankofa, the Divine Drummer, beats on his African drums chanting: Lingering spirit of the dead, rise up and possess the stolen spirit of those stolen in Africa. The film[8] ends with a bird soaring high in the sky signifying the final liberation of those who had found the true meaning of the word Sankofa and had reconnected to their past.
Priest	British	drama	Antonia Bird	Father Greg Pilkington, newly assigned to St. Mary's parish in inner-city Liverpool, is startled to discover Father Matthew Thomas is engaged in a sexual relationship with rectory housekeeper Maria Kerrigan. Moreover, Father Thomas is a left-wing radical and an outspoken proponent of Liberation Theology, leading him to constant clashes and bickering with the Bishop—who nevertheless appreciates his abilities. While the young protagonist's personal traditional conservatism and religious beliefs are offended by the older priest's blatant disregard for his vow of celibacy, he struggles with his own homosexual urges, especially after he meets Graham at a local gay hangout and the two embark on a physical relationship. Meanwhile, student Lisa Unsworth has confided she was sexually abused by her father, who confirms her story and displays no guilt nor any desire to stop. Both have revealed their secret in the confessional, however, so Father Greg is required to honour the sanctity of the Sacrament of Penance and not reveal what he has been told. He tries to warn her mother to keep a close watch on her, but the naive woman believes her daughter is safe while in the care of her husband. When Mrs. Unsworth discovers her husband molesting Lisa and realises the priest knew what was happening, she lashes out at him. Adding to his torment is his arrest for having sex with Graham in a parked car. When he pleads guilty to the charge, the story is headlined on the front page of the local newspaper and, unable to face his parishioners, Father Greg relocates to a remote rural parish headed by a disapproving and unforgiving priest. Father Matthew convinces him to return to St. Mary's, and the two preside over a Mass that is disrupted by the loud protests of those opposed to Father Greg's presence on the altar. Father Matthew demands they leave the church. The two priests then begin to distribute the Eucharist, but the remaining parishioners ignore Father Greg and line up to receive communion from Father Matthew. Lisa finally approaches the younger priest, and the two fall into each other's arms sobbing.
Press	Turkish	drama	Sedat Yılmaz	It is the early 1990s, and a handful of journalists are trying to attract the world’s attention to the ongoing human rights abuses in Diyarbakır. Eighteen year- old Firat opens up and cleans the newspaper office everyday, and helps with distribution. While researching the disappearance of five villagers, journalist Kadir discovers the traces of a paramilitary gang. In addition to struggling with usual technical difficulties of a small operation, the newspaper is subjected to various attempts to intimidate them and prevent their courageous reports from coming to light. Following increased threats and attacks, Firat volunteers to guard the office at night, and by day he tries to learn the trade. When the newspaper’s distribution to Diyarbakır is blocked, the team has to come up with new ways to reach their readership.
Blind Massage	Chinese	drama	Lou Ye	The film is set in Nanjing.[1]
The Halfway House	British	drama	Basil Dearden	During the Second World War, various people converge on the Halfway House, an inn in the Welsh countryside. In Cardiff, the famous orchestra conductor David Davies is advised by his doctor to cancel a tour and rest, otherwise he will live only about three months more. In London, Richard and Jill French argue about the education of their young daughter Joanna. Joanna overhears them agree to divorce. Then Mr. French and Joanna go on vacation. Captain Fortescue is released from Parkmoor Prison; he was court-martialed for stealing the regimental funds. In a Welsh port, merchant captain Harry Meadows and his French wife Alice quarrel about their deceased son, a victim of the U-boats. Black marketeer Oakley departs from London for some fishing, while Margaret and her Irish diplomat fiancé Terence take a train from Bristol. Oakley and Fortescue meet on the road; it turns out they know each other. Though Fortescu had scanned the countryside thoroughly with his binoculars in vain for the Halfway House, it mysteriously appears. When they reach it, the proprietor Rhys also seems to materialise out of thin air. He tells a puzzled Fortescu he was expected. When Oakley signs the register, he notices a long gap after the last signature, dated 1942, it being 21 June 1943. (The newspapers are exactly a year old.) Others arrive. The Meadows request separate rooms. Rhys serves a still grieving Alice tea in her room. She is shocked to see no reflection of Rhys in the mirror when he leaves. Mr. French notices his wife's handwriting in the register and suspects that Joanna arranged for them to stay in the same place. Later, Fortescu is sitting outside when he notices that Gwyneth, Rhys's daughter, casts no shadow, though Joanna, standing nearby, does. Joanna arranges a fake near-drowning, with the help of Captain Meadows, to try to reunite her parents; it nearly goes fatally awry. Margaret and Terence quarrel when he is eager to accept a posting in Berlin (Ireland being neutral). At dinner, Rhys relates that the inn was bombed by an aeroplane exactly a year ago and burnt down. While helping Gwyneth wash the dishes afterward, Davies is told by her that he is coming our way. He understands. Then Alice arranges a seance, much to her husband's disapproval. The table moves of its own volition, but the captain turns on the radio, breaking the mood. After Alice storms out, he explains to the others that he wants his son to be allowed to rest in peace. Rhys suggests he tell his wife the same; he does, and the couple reconcile. Radio broadcasts from 1942 convince everyone that somehow they have gone back in time one year. Rhys explains that they all needed a pause to consider their lives. The air raid proceeds as Rhys described. Richard French's paramount concern for his wife and daughter's safety and Terence's newfound hatred of the Germans reunite them with the women in their lives, while both Fortescue and Oakley repent their criminal ways. The guests leave behind a demolished inn.
London	British	drama	Herbert Wilcox	Mavis Hogan (Gish) lives with her uncaring aunt (Margaret Yarde) in a squalid Limehouse tenement. Her beauty attracts the attention of an unsavoury Chinese man (Gibb McLaughlin), whose intentions are encouraged by the aunt. While wandering around Limehouse, she is spotted by an artist (Adelqui Migliar) who is in the area sketching East End scenes and people. He persuades her to allow him to sketch her portrait, which he later puts on display in his West End studio. The portrait is seen by Lady Arbourfield (Daisy Campbell), who notices a remarkable resemblance to her own daughter, now deceased. Finally finding the attentions of the Chinese man too much, Mavis leaves her home and walks to the West End with no real idea as to what she will do when she gets there. Coincidentally, she happens to cross the path of Lady Arbourfield. She is offered a home and the chance to make her way in society. Adapting remarkably well to her new milieu, Mavis falls in love with the Lady Arbourfield's nephew (John Manners), but is distraught when she is passed over in favour of another young woman (Elissa Landi) who has had him in her sights. In her grief, she leaves her new surroundings and returns aimlessly to Limehouse. However the artist tracks her down and asks her to marry him, which she happily accepts.
Ethan Frome	American	drama	John Madden	Reverend Smith has arrived in Starkfield from Boston. He notices that Ethan Frome is isolated. Smith encourages his parishioners to be charitable. Ethan and Zeena Pierce are distant cousins. After marrying Zeena, Ethan falls in love with Mattie Silver.
Legends of the Fall	American	drama	Edward Zwick	Sick of betrayals the United States government perpetrated on the Native Americans, Colonel William Ludlow leaves the Army and moves to a remote part of Montana. Along with One Stab, a Cree friend, he builds a ranch and raises his family. Accompanying them are hired hand and former outlaw Decker, Decker's Cree wife Pet, and daughter Isabel Two. William has three sons: Alfred, the eldest, is responsible and cautious; Tristan, the Colonel's favorite son, is wild and well-versed in American Indian traditions; Samuel, the youngest, is educated but naive and constantly watched over by his brothers. William's wife Isabel does not adapt to the harsh Montana winters and moves to the East Coast; Tristan vows never to speak of her again. At age 12, Tristan touches a sleeping grizzly bear. The bear awakens and injures him, but he stabs at the bear's paw and cuts off a claw. Years later, Samuel returns from Harvard University with his fiancée, Susannah. Susannah talks with Isabel Two and learns of her fondness for Tristan. Susannah finds Tristan captivating but loves Samuel. Before they can marry, Samuel announces his intention to join the Canadian Expeditionary Force and aid Britain in the fight against Germany. Much to their father's displeasure, Alfred also joins. Although Tristan does not want to join, he does so to protect his brothers. During World War I, the brothers find themselves in the 10th Battalion, CEF. Alfred, commissioned as an officer, leads a charge into no man's land. The attack results in heavy casualties and Alfred is wounded. While visiting Alfred in the field hospital, Tristan learns that Samuel has volunteered for a dangerous reconnaissance mission. He rushes off to protect his brother but arrives too late. A devastated Tristan holds Samuel until he dies, then cuts out his brother's heart and sends it home to be buried at the ranch. Tristan single-handedly raids the German lines. He returns to camp with the scalps of German soldiers hanging around his neck, horrifying his fellow soldiers. He is discharged but does not go home. Alfred returns to Montana and proposes to Susannah, but she declines. Tristan returns home, where Susannah finds him weeping over Samuel's grave. She comforts him, and they become lovers. A jealous Alfred confronts Tristan and leaves to make his name in Helena. Tristan is plagued with guilt over Samuel's death and feels responsible for driving Alfred away; he leaves Montana for several years. Susannah waits for him, only to receive a letter telling her to marry someone else. Alfred comforts Susannah. William finds them together, which leads to a falling out between him and Alfred. William later suffers a stroke. He does not speak for years and the ranch deteriorates. Susannah marries Alfred, now a congressman. Alfred's business and politics cause him to get involved with the O'Banion brothers, bootleggers and gangsters. Tristan returns during Prohibition, bringing life back to the ranch and his father. He falls in love with Isabel Two and they marry. They have two children, the elder being a boy named Samuel. Tristan becomes involved in small-scale rum-running, finding himself at odds with the O'Banion brothers. Isabel is accidentally killed by a police officer working for the O'Banions. In a fit of grief, Tristan beats the officer nearly to death and is jailed. Susannah visits Tristan, still having feelings for him, but he refuses her advances. After his release, Tristan and Decker kill those responsible for Isabel's death, including one of the O'Banion brothers. Realizing she cannot live without Tristan, Susannah commits suicide. The remaining O'Banion brother, along with the corrupt sheriff and another police officer, comes after Tristan for revenge. At the ranch, William and Alfred kill the attackers. Alfred reconciles with his father and brother. The family realizes that Tristan is likely to be blamed for the deaths, which prompts Tristan to ask Alfred to take care of his children. One Stab's narration explains that later during the night they bury the bodies and dump the car in the Missouri River. He reflects that rather than dying young as he, the American Indian, had expected, Tristan lived to watch his children and grandchildren grow. One Stab observes that it was the people Tristan loved and wanted to protect most that died young. The last scene takes place in 1963. Tristan, now an old man living in the North Country, investigates an animal carcass as he is confronted by a grizzly bear. He draws his knife and fights it. As they struggle, the image freeze-frames as One Stab narrates, It was a good death.
This Happy Breed	British	drama	David Lean	Opening in 1919, shortly after the end of the First World War, the film focuses on the lower middle class Gibbons family after they settle in a house in Clapham, South London. The household includes Frank, his wife Ethel, their three children – Reg, Vi and Queenie – his widowed sister Sylvia and Ethel's mother. Frank is delighted to discover that his next-door neighbour is Bob Mitchell, a friend from his days in the army. Frank finds employment in a travel agency run by another old army chum. As the children grow up and the country adapts to peacetime, the family attend a number of events, such as the British Empire Exhibition held at Wembley in 1924. Reg becomes friendly with Sam, a staunch socialist, who is attracted to Vi. Queenie is pursued by Bob's sailor son Billy, but she longs to escape the suburbs and lead a more glamorous life elsewhere. During the General Strike of 1926, Reg is injured in a brawl in Whitechapel Road. Vi blames Sam, who had brought her brother to the area, but eventually her anger dissipates and she marries him. In 1928, Charleston dance mania arrives in England; Queenie exhibits her fancy steps at the local dance hall and wins a dance contest. As all of London is swept up in the Jazz Age, news of new German chancellor Adolf Hitler begins to appear in the newspapers. Reg marries Phyllis. Billy proposes to Queenie, but she confesses she is in love with a married man and soon after runs off with him. Her mother says she cannot forgive her and never wants to see her again. As time passes, Aunt Sylvia discovers spiritualism, Reg and Phyllis are killed in a car crash, and the British Union of Fascists tries to stir up anti-Semitic sentiment in the city. Stanley Baldwin becomes Prime Minister, King George V dies, and Ethel's mother passes away. When Neville Chamberlain returns from Munich with the promise of peace in our time, Frank is disgusted by people's enthusiastic response. Billy, home on leave from the Royal Navy and now a sub-lieutenant, announces to the family he ran into Queenie while on shore leave in France. Abandoned by her lover, she and an older woman opened a tearoom to make ends meet. She deeply regrets having left home. Billy reveals they were married two weeks previously in the Plymouth Registry Office and he has brought her back to London; Ethel forgives her. With the Second World War on the horizon, Queenie has a baby son, whom she leaves in the care of her parents when she sails to join her husband in Singapore. Frank and Ethel, faced with an empty nest, decide to sell the house and move to a flat with their grandson.
Inadmissible Evidence	British	drama	Anthony Page	The film follows a couple of days in the life of Bill Maitland, a 39-year-old Englishman who is head of small law firm in London and is tortured by his inadequacies as a lawyer, as an employer, as a husband, as a father, as a friend (he has none) and as a lover (for though women succumb quickly to him, he cannot maintain a relationship). Punctuated by interior monologues and imagined scenes, it shows him being abandoned by everybody as they come to realise that they cannot rely on him. He first loses his secretary and lover Shirley, who walks out of her job and his life. His chief clerk Hudson then reveals that he is off to join a rival firm, leaving only the trainee Jones, who scorns him. A client, Mrs Gamsey, leaves the office in tears and is unlikely to return. After a dinner party at which he gets drunk and insults her best friends, his wife Anna hits him and he leaves the marital home. His mistress Liz takes him in, getting insulted for her pains, and he then leaves her to sleep in the office. A client (and former lover), Mrs Anderson, has a court hearing that morning at which his feeble defence will probably lose her the case. A new client, Mr Maples, distressed that Maitland seems to take no serious interest in his sad case, walks out in tears. His daughter Jane drops in at his request, only to leave after a tirade of insults. The receptionist Joy, who he has just started an affair with, coldly rejects him and leaves. Liz appears, looking for reconciliation, but after being brutally rejected leaves. Haunted throughout by fears of being disqualified for malpractice, of being arrested and held in jail, of being tried in court, of dying and being cremated, now utterly alone in life he smashes a window and looks at the busy street below, pondering whether to jump.
The Night of Counting the Years	Egyptian	drama	Shadi Abdel Salam	Set in 1881, before a year of British colonial rule, it is based on the true story of the Abd el-Rasuls, an Upper-Egyptian clan that had been robbing a cache of mummies discovered at tomb DB320 near the village of Kurna, and selling the artefacts on the illicit antiquities black market. After a conflict within the clan, one of its members goes to the police, helping the Antiquities Service find the cache.
Barton Fink	American	drama	Coen brothers	In 1941, Barton Fink's first Broadway play, Bare Ruined Choirs, has achieved critical and popular success. His agent informs him that Capitol Pictures in Hollywood has offered him a thousand dollars per week to write film scripts. Barton hesitates, worried that moving to California would separate him from the common man, his focus as a writer. He accepts the offer, however, and checks into the Hotel Earle, a large and unusually deserted building. His room is sparse and draped in subdued colors; its only decoration is a small painting of a woman on the beach, arm raised to block the sun. In his first meeting with Capitol Pictures boss Jack Lipnick, Barton explains that he chose the Earle because he wants lodging that is (as Lipnick says) less Hollywood. Lipnick promises that his only concern is Barton's writing ability and assigns his new employee to a wrestling film. Back in his room, however, Barton is unable to write. He is distracted by sounds coming from the room next door, and he phones the front desk to complain. His neighbor, Charlie Meadows, is the source of the noise and visits Barton to apologize, insisting on sharing some alcohol from a hip flask to make amends. As they talk, Barton proclaims his affection for the common man, and Charlie describes his life as an insurance salesman. Later, Barton falls asleep, but is awakened by the incessant whine of a mosquito. Still unable to proceed beyond the first lines of his script, Barton consults producer Ben Geisler for advice. Irritated, the frenetic Geisler takes him to lunch and orders him to consult another writer for assistance. While in the men's room, Barton meets the novelist William Preston (W.P.) Bill Mayhew, who is vomiting in the next stall. They briefly discuss movie writing and arrange a second meeting later in the day. When Barton arrives, Mayhew is drunk and yelling wildly. His secretary, Audrey Taylor, reschedules the meeting and confesses to Barton that she and Mayhew are in love. When they finally meet for lunch, Mayhew, Audrey, and Barton discuss writing and drinking. Before long, Mayhew argues with Audrey, slaps her, and wanders off, drunk. Rejecting Barton's offer of consolation, Audrey explains that she feels sorry for Mayhew since he is married to another woman who is disturbed. With one day left before his meeting with Lipnick to discuss the movie, Barton phones Audrey and begs her for assistance. She visits him at the Earle, and after she admits that she wrote most of Mayhew's scripts, they apparently have sex; Barton later confesses to Charlie they did so. When Barton awakens the next morning, he, again, hears the sound of the mosquito, finds it on Audrey's back, and slaps it dead. When Audrey does not respond, Barton turns her onto her side only to find that she has been violently murdered. He has no memory of the night's events. Horrified, he summons Charlie and asks for help. Charlie is repulsed but disposes of the body and orders Barton to avoid contacting the police. After a meeting with an unusually supportive Lipnick, Barton tries writing again and is interrupted by Charlie, who announces he is going to New York for several days. Charlie leaves a package with Barton and asks him to watch it. Soon afterward, Barton is visited by two police detectives, who inform him that Charlie's real name is Karl Madman Mundt. Mundt is a serial killer wanted for several murders; after shooting his victims, they explain, he decapitates them and keeps the heads. Stunned, Barton returns to his room and examines the box. Placing it on his desk without opening it, he begins writing and produces the entire script in one sitting. After a night of celebratory dancing, Barton returns to find the detectives in his room, who, after handcuffing Barton to the bed, reveal they've found evidence of Mundt's latest murders. Each of the men notes how hot it is, before Charlie as the hotel is engulfed in flames. Running through the hallway, screaming I'll show you the life of the mind!, Charlie shoots the policemen with a shotgun. As the hallway burns, Charlie speaks with Barton about their lives and the hotel, breaks the bed frame to which Barton is handcuffed (thus freeing him), then retires to his own room, saying as he goes that he paid a visit to Barton's parents and uncle in New York. Barton leaves the still-burning hotel, carrying the box and his script. Shortly thereafter he attempts to telephone his family, but there is no answer. In a final meeting, a disappointed Lipnick, in uniform (as he attempts to secure an Army Reserve commission), angrily chastises Barton for writing a fruity movie about suffering then informs him that he is to remain in Los Angeles; although Barton will remain under contract, Capitol Pictures will not produce anything he writes so he can be ridiculed as a loser around the studio while Lipnick is in the war. Dazed, Barton wanders onto a beach, still carrying the package. He meets a woman who looks just like the one in the picture on his wall at the Earle, and she asks about the box. He tells her he does not know what it contains nor who owns it. She then assumes the pose from the picture.
War Party	American	drama	Franc Roddam	A group of re-enactors attempt to stage a 100th-anniversary battle between US Cavalry and Blackfeet Indians. Racial hostilities and a real gun lead to some all too real casualties, and three young Blackfeet men are caught in the middle. The film follows their flight for freedom in the face of an angry community which has mistakenly blamed them for the violence.
Hob wa Dumoo` (Love and Tears)	Egyptian	drama	Kamal El Sheikh	Faten Hamama plays Fatimah, a woman who is forced to leave her fiance for an old man to whom her father is in debt. Her father kills the man but is also killed himself. She is forced to work in a cabaret but returns to her love, Ahmed.
Aspen Extreme	American	drama	Patrick Hasburgh	T.J.Burke tires of his auto assembly worker job in Detroit, quits, and convinces his friend Dexter Rutecki to move with him to Aspen. After succeeding in the new instructor tryouts for the Aspen Ski School, they both become ski instructors, although T.J. secretly intercedes on Dexter's behalf. While T.J. advances to become the most popular instructor of the school during the season, he has to constantly watch out for Dexter, whose social skills are less honed and whose future is less bright. Along the way, they meet the young local radio DJ (Robin) as well as a rich cougar-ish woman (Bryce) who selects the most desirable new instructor each year for her latest plaything. After watching the famous Aspen Powder 8 competition, T.J. and Dexter agree to team up to try to win the next season's award. While skiing out of bounds, T.J. falls into a large sinkhole in the snow, plunging many feet into a stream. Dexter rescues him, and because skiing out of bounds would get them fired, takes him to Robin's house so she can patch him up without notifying the ski school director. Somewhat later, after losing control of a school client (a poor skier who ends up sliding out of control into downtown Aspen), Dexter is suspended from the school and eventually links up with the wrong crowd, including Tina, a beautiful girl with a mysterious background. Hard up for cash, Dexter reluctantly accepts an offer to act as a drug courier. When he gets spooked and dumps the drugs, he is assaulted in retribution and left to freeze outdoors in the Aspen winter. Again, T.J. rescues him by paying off the drug guys, with money borrowed from Bryce. T.J. then moves out from the house he shared with Dexter, and in with Bryce, who purchased his companionship with the loan. After spending some interminable and unsatisfying time with Bryce, T.J. and Dexter awkwardly rekindle their friendship and reset their goal to win the Powder 8 competition. T.J. and Dexter decide to ski out of bounds in order to train for the upcoming event. While skiing outside the boundaries of Aspen, T.J. and Dexter set off an avalanche. Dexter suffers a tragic demise, while T.J. escapes with minor injuries. Later, in deep depression, T.J. comes to realize how his relationship with Bryce had no particular meaning, and writes of his and Dexter's friendship. The article is published in a major ski magazine, finally providing T.J. with some satisfaction for his writing efforts after many prior rejections. His friendship with Robin also reawakens, as they both mourn Dexter's loss. T.J. is sought out by a newly hired young ski instructor to be his partner in the Powder-8. They win the competition, beating T.J.'s nemesis throughout the movie. The victory is bittersweet, as he remembers the dream that he and Dexter had of winning the Powder-8, and in the end, he and Robin reconcile as he finally reveals that he loves her.
Mississippi Masala	American	drama	Mira Nair	In 1972, dictator Idi Amin enacts the policy of the forceful removal of Asians from Uganda. Jay (Roshan Seth) his wife, Kinnu (Sharmila Tagore), and their daughter, Mina (Sarita Choudhury), a family of third-generation Ugandan Indians residing in Kampala reluctantly and tearfully leave their home behind and relocate. After spending a few years in England, Jay, Kinnu, and Mina settle in Greenwood, Mississippi to live with family members who own a chain of motels there. Despite the passage of time, Jay is unable to come to terms with his sudden departure from his home country, and cannot fully embrace the American lifestyle. He dreams of one day returning with his family to Kampala. The effects of Amin's dictatorship have caused Jay to become distrustful towards Black people. Mina, on the other hand, has fully assimilated to the American culture and has a diverse group of friends. She feels stifled by her parents' wish to only associate with members of their own community. She falls in love with Demetrius (Denzel Washington), a local African American self-employed carpet cleaner. Mina is aware that her parents will not approve and keeps the relationship somewhat secret. The pair decide to spend a romantic clandestine weekend together in Biloxi, where they are spotted by members of the Indian community, and the gossip begins to spread. Jay is outraged and ashamed, and forbids Mina from ever seeing Demetrius again. Mina also faces both subtle and outright dislike from the Black community. Demetrius confronts Jay, who reveals his experiences and racist treatment in Uganda, causing Demetrius to call out Jay on his hypocrisy. Ultimately, the two families cannot fully come to terms with the interracial pair, who flee the state together in Demetrius's van. Jay's wish finally becomes reality when he travels to Kampala to attend a court proceeding on the disposition of his previously confiscated house. While in the country however, he sees how much it has changed and realises that he no longer identifies with the land of his birth. Jay returns to America and relinquishes his long-nurtured dream of returning to Uganda, the place he considered home.
Agantuk	Bengali	drama	Satyajit Ray	Anila Bose (Mamata Shankar) receives a letter from a man, who claims to be her long lost uncle Manomohan Mitra (Utpal Dutt). He is visiting India after 35 years abroad and Anila is his only surviving relative, so he wants to meet her in Calcutta before he sets off again. Anila looks forward to the meeting, but her husband Sudhindra (Deepankar De) is suspicious. The uncle arrives and stays with the family. He says that he is an anthropologist[3] who has traveled all over the world, and he immediately wins the friendship of Anila's son Satyaki. Anila suddenly remembers her grandfather's will, and Sudhindra is quick to suspect that the man calling himself Manomohan has come only to claim his share of the inheritance. Anila now also starts to doubt his identity, while their son truly believes that he is the man he claims to be. The central conflict of the film rests upon the identity of the man and the family's struggle to accept or reject it. Sudhindra subjects the visitor to various tests in an effort to resolve this conflict. In a final attempt to unravel the truth, he invites a lawyer friend to gently question the guest. However, things turn ugly as the lawyer's anger builds up until he orders the guest to either come clean or just clear out. Next morning, the visitor is gone. Desperate to find him and win him back, the family finally learns that he is in fact Manmohan Mitra, and locate him in a remote village. The couple apologises to Manmohan, and persuades him to come back to Calcutta. Back in Calcutta, just before he leaves for Australia, Manmohan gives the family his entire share of the inheritance.
Criminal Law	American	drama	Martin Campbell	Attorney Ben Chase successfully defends Martin Thiel, a wealthy, young playboy, getting him acquitted of a series of brutal murders—only to find out later that Thiel is indeed a serial killer. Since Thiel cannot be tried again for his crimes, Chase tries to get him to incriminate himself before he can kill again.
Flatliners	American	drama	Joel Schumacher	Nelson Wright, a medical student, convinces four of his medical school classmates—Joe Hurley, David Labraccio, Randy Steckle, and Rachel Manus—to help him discover what lies beyond death. Nelson flatlines for one minute before his classmates resuscitate him. While dead, he experiences a sort of afterlife. He sees a vision of a boy he bullied as a child, Billy Mahoney. He merely tells his friends that he cannot describe what he saw, but something is there. The others follow Nelson's daring feat. Joe flatlines next, and he experiences an erotic afterlife sequence. He agrees with Nelson's claim that something indeed exists. David is third to flatline, and he sees a vision of a girl, Winnie Hicks, whom he bullied in grade school. The three men start to experience hallucinations related to their afterlife visions. Nelson gets physically beat up by Billy Mahoney twice. Joe, engaged to be married, is haunted by his home videos of his sexual dalliances with other women. David finds Winnie Hicks on a train, and she verbally taunts him the way he taunted her. Rachel decides to flatline next on Halloween. David tries to stop the others from giving Rachel their same fate, but she is already dead when he arrives. Rachel nearly dies for good after the power goes out, and the men are unable to shock her with the defibrillator paddles. Luckily, she survives, but she, too, is haunted by the memory of her father committing suicide when she was young. The three men finally reveal their harrowing experiences to one another, and David decides to put his visions to a stop. Meanwhile, Joe's fiancée, Anne, comes to his apartment, and she breaks up with him after she discovers his videos. Joe's visions cease after Anne leaves him. David goes to visit Winnie Hicks, now grown up, and apologizes to her. Winnie accepts his apology and thanks him. David immediately feels a weight lifted off his shoulders. Then, David finds Nelson, who accompanied David to visit Winnie, beating himself with a climbing axe. In Nelson's mind, however, Billy Mahoney is attempting for a third time to beat him to death. David stops him, and they return to town. Rachel seeks comfort in the arms of David, and the two spend the night together. While Rachel and David are together, Nelson takes Steckle and Joe to a graveyard. He reveals that he killed Billy Mahoney as a kid by throwing rocks at him until he fell out of a tree. Nelson storms off, leaving Joe and Steckle stranded. David leaves Rachel alone in order to rescue Joe and Steckle at the cemetery. While alone, Rachel goes to the bathroom, and finds her father. He apologizes to his daughter, and her guilt over his death is lifted when she discovers that he was addicted to heroin. Then, Nelson calls Rachel, and he tells her that he needs to flatline again in order to make amends. He apologizes for involving her and their friends in his stupid plan. The three men race to Nelson, who has been dead for an estimated nine minutes already. Rachel soon finds them, and the four friends work feverishly to save Nelson. In the afterlife, Nelson is experiencing himself as a young boy being stoned by Billy Mahoney from the tree. Nelson dies in the afterlife from the fall, and his friends cannot revive him. When they are about to give up, Mahoney forgives Nelson, and David gives Nelson one last shock. This bring him back, and Nelson tells them, Today wasn't a good day to die.
Blue Juice	British	drama	Carl Prechezer	JC seems to have it all figured out. By day he runs a surf school, at night he lies down next to his beautiful girlfriend Chloe, his lifelong dream is to travel the world surfing. However, when old mates arrive from London unannounced it releases tensions which have long been simmering under the surface of JC and Chloe's seemingly perfect relationship. Chloe decides to buy the local surfer cafe and settle down, His friends, especially drug-dealer Dean are intent on causing mischief and sucking JC back into surfing a dangerous reef, which he had attempted before, seriously injuring his back. It turns out that Dean had a job as a journalist, and setting up JC was to get a story. As a requirement for keeping his job, he had to get a big story, preferably with a life or death situation involved. JC refuses to surf the 'boneyard' which prompts Dean to try it himself as he had already arranged media coverage, and his boss had decided to watch. Dean fails to surf the reef, hitting his head when smashed under by a huge wave. JC then dives in to rescue Dean and in doing so, successfully surfs the 'boneyard' therefore saving Dean's life and job at the same time. However Dean's boss gets knocked out by the local guru for his highly offensive attitude and remarks. JC's friend Terry, having been given drugs by Dean, has radically rethought his life, and buys JC's round the world tickets for him and his fiancé. JC then uses the money to buy a cafe for him and Chloe, deciding that his relationship with Chloe is more important than impressing his friends.
The Upturned Glass	British	drama	Lawrence Huntington	A medical school class attends a lecture on the psychology of crime. The unnamed lecturer (James Mason) announces that while his past lectures have covered criminals with abnormal psychology, today's lecture will focus on the sane criminal who may have a strong sense of justice. He then describes the case of a murderer who is a perfectly sane, valuable member of society, a surgeon to whom he gives the fictitious name of Michael Joyce (also played by Mason). The film depicts Michael's story in flashbacks narrated by the lecturer, indicating to the film viewing audience that unbeknownst to the medical school class, the lecturer is telling his own story and that he and Michael are one and the same. Michael is a skilled London surgeon and brain specialist with an established Harley Street practice. He is unhappily married and separated from his wife, has no close friends, and spends most of his time working. He meets Emma Wright (Rosamund John) when she brings her young daughter Ann (Ann Stephens), who is going blind, for a consultation. Michael performs a delicate operation to save Ann's sight. During Ann's treatment and recovery, Michael and Emma, whose husband is away on business travel, fall in love and have an affair, although neither is free to marry. Emma finally ends the affair and tells Michael they must never see each other again. Soon afterwards, Michael learns that Emma has died from a broken neck after falling from her bedroom window at her country home. Michael attends the inquest, at which both Ann and Kate Howard, Emma's sister-in-law (Pamela Kellino), testify. Emma's death is ruled an accident, but Michael is suspicious and conducts his own investigation. In order to gather information, he romances Kate, who proves to be a greedy, shallow woman with debt problems and a grudge against her brother and Emma because her brother had inherited most of her parents' estate. Kate tells Michael that she knew Emma had a lover, but did not know who it was. After speaking privately with the caretaker of Emma's house and with Ann, Michael concludes that Kate had tried to blackmail Emma by threatening to tell her husband and daughter about her affair. Emma, who had already ended the affair, refused to give Kate money, so Kate told Ann about the affair. Ann's upset reaction then drove her mother to commit suicide by jumping from her bedroom window. Michael, repulsed by Kate, tries to break up with her without telling her what he knows, but she insists she wants to be with him. So, on the pretext of them taking a romantic trip together, he lures Kate to Emma's former house on a night when he knows the caretaker will be away, and kills her by pushing her out the same window. After recounting this story, the lecturer dismisses the class, reiterating in response to a student's question that the murderer was perfectly sane - sane as I am. He then drives off campus and picks up a woman with luggage (also played by Pamela Kellino), thus confirming to the viewers that the story of Michael Joyce was really about him, but showing that he has not yet killed the woman he called Kate Howard in his lecture. He now begins to carry out the murder plan as described, luring her to the house and then revealing that he was her sister-in-law's lover. However, when he tries to push her out the window, she fights him, forcing him to choke her and thus leave evidence of a struggle. She finally falls out the window clutching the key to the locked bedroom door, causing him to have to force the lock open to exit the room. Realizing that he has left too much evidence, he moves her dead body to his car and drives away, narrowly escaping being caught by the caretaker who has unexpectedly returned. The murderer then drives through dense fog with the body hidden in the back seat of his car, eventually encountering a local general practitioner, Dr. Farrell, whose car has broken down. Despite his fear that Farrell will discover the body in the car, the murderer reluctantly gives Farrell a ride after learning that Farrell is rushing to see a critically ill patient, a young girl who has suffered a head injury. He reveals to Farrell that he is also a doctor and that he has emotional feelings about his patients, never liking to lose a patient but also wishing that, instead of having to impartially provide medical care, he could sit in judgment and decide which patients live and which die. By contrast, Farrell is a cynic who freely admits he loses many patients and doesn't care whether they live or die, only going through the motions of expressing sympathy to the families of the deceased. Farrell is planning to tell the injured girl's mother that there is no hope of her recovery, and asks the murderer to come in with him to provide support for that opinion. However, upon seeing the patient, the murderer decides to operate and performs a complicated brain surgery in the girl's bedroom. Midway through the operation, the murderer sends Farrell to get a needed medical item from his car, forgetting that Farrell will likely see the body in the car. Farrell searches through the car to find the item and the film suggests that he sees the body, but chooses not to interrupt the operation, allowing the patient's life to be saved. Afterwards, Farrell congratulates the murderer on a good operation, but also diagnoses him as paranoid and mad based on his statements about judging who should live and who should die. The murderer leaves, with his victim's body still in his car, and drives to Beachy Head, where, disturbed by the realization that he is not sane, he commits suicide by jumping off the cliff.
Television	Bangladeshi	drama	Mostofa Sarwar Farooki	As a leader of the local community, Chairman Amin (Shahir Huda Rumi) bans every kind of image in his water-locked village in a specific part of rural Bangladesh. He even goes on to claim that imagination is also sinful since it gives one the license to infiltrate into any prohibited territory. But change is a desperate wind that is difficult to resist by shutting the window. The tension between this traditional window and modern wind grows to such an extent that it starts to leave a ripple effect on the lives of a group of typically colorful, eccentric, and emotional people living in that village which is embedded upon a sweet semi triangle love story involving the Chairman Amin's only son (Chanchal Chowdhury), a village girl (Nusrat Imrose Tisha) and their supporting connected employee (Mosharraf Karim). But at the very end of the film, Television, which Chairman Amin hated so much, comes to the rescue and helps to reach a transcendental state where he and his God are unified.
Amigo	Filipino	drama	John Sayles	Amigo centers on Rafael Dacanay, kapitan of the fictional barrio of San Isidro in a rice-growing area of Luzon.[3] His brother Simón, head of the local guerrilla band, has forced the surrender of the Spanish guardia civil outpost and charged Rafael with the task of imprisoning the guardia Captain and the barrio’s Spanish friar, Padre Hidalgo, in the name of the revolutionary government. But when the American troops chasing General Emilio Aguinaldo arrive, the Spanish officer and Padre Hidalgo are freed, and a garrison under the command of Lieutenant Ike Compton is left to ‘protect’ the barrio. The American occupation policy now changes from ‘hearts and minds’ to ‘concentration’ (what was called ‘hamletting’ during the Vietnam war) and Rafael has to answer to both the Americans and the Filipino patriots, with deadly consequences.
Confidential Lady	British	drama	Arthur B. Woods	Jill Trevor (Baxter) vows revenge on newspaper baron Sir Joshua Morple (Athole Stewart), who she holds responsible for ruining her father. Her very public antics to draw attention to Morple's despicable conduct come to the notice a rival newspaper, who send journalist Jim Brent (Lyon) to offer to write up Jill's story, in the hope that he will be able to dig up some dirt on Morple. Jim is initially sceptical, seeing Jill as a silly attention-seeking airhead, but as he gets to know her he changes his mind and realises there is substance to her claims, so the pair join forces to discredit Morple publicly, at the same time as starting to fall in love with each other.
Little Women	American	drama	Gillian Armstrong	The film focuses on the March sisters: beautiful Meg, tempestuous Jo, tender Beth, and romantic Amy, who are growing up in Concord, Massachusetts during and after the American Civil War. With their father away fighting in the war, the girls struggle with major and minor problems under the guidance of their strong-willed mother, affectionately called Marmee. As a means of escaping some of their problems, the sisters revel in performing in romantic plays written by Jo in their attic theater. Living next door to the family is wealthy Mr. Laurence, whose grandson Theodore, nicknamed Laurie, moves in with him and becomes a close friend of the March family, particularly Jo. Mr. Laurence becomes a mentor for Beth, whose exquisite piano-playing reminds him of his deceased young daughter, and Meg falls in love with Laurie's tutor John Brooke. Mr. March is wounded in the war and Marmee is called away to nurse him. While Marmee is away, Beth contracts scarlet fever from a neighbor's infant. Awaiting Marmee's return, Meg and Jo send Amy away to live in safety with their Aunt March. Prior to Beth's illness, Jo had been Aunt March's companion for several years, and while she was unhappy with her position she tolerated it in the hope her aunt one day would take her to Europe. When Beth's condition worsens, Marmee is summoned home and nurses her to recovery just in time for Christmas. Mr. Laurence gives his daughter's piano to Beth, Meg accepts John Brooke's proposal and Mr. March surprises his family by returning home from the war. Four years pass; Meg (now twenty) and John marry, and Beth's health is deteriorating steadily. Laurie graduates from college, proposes to Jo (now nineteen) and asks her to go to London with him, but realizing she thinks of him more as an older brother than a lover, she refuses his offer. Jo later deals with the added disappointment that Aunt March has decided to take Amy, who is now seventeen, with her to Europe instead of her. Crushed, Jo departs for New York City to pursue her dream of writing and experiencing life. There she meets Friedrich Bhaer, a German professor who challenges and stimulates her intellectually, introduces her to opera and philosophy, and encourages her to write better stories than the lurid Victorian melodramas she has penned so far. In Europe, Amy is reunited with Laurie. She is disappointed to find he has become dissolute and irresponsible and scolds him for pursuing her merely to become part of the March family. In return, he bitterly rebukes her for courting one of his wealthy college friends in order to marry into money. He leaves Amy a letter asking her to wait for him while he works in London for his grandfather and makes himself worthy of her. Jo is summoned home to see eighteen year old Beth, who finally dies of the lingering effects of scarlet fever (presumably rheumatic heart disease) that have plagued her for the past four years. A saddened Jo retreats to the comfort of the attic and begins to write her life story. Upon its completion, she sends it to Professor Bhaer. Meanwhile, Meg gives birth to fraternal twins Demi and Daisy. A letter from Amy informs the family that Aunt March is too ill to travel, so Amy must remain in Europe with her. In London, Laurie receives a letter from Jo in which she informs him of Beth's death and mentions Amy is in Vevey, unable to come home. Laurie immediately travels to be at Amy's side. They finally return to the March home as husband and wife, much to Jo's surprise and eventual delight. Aunt March dies and she leaves Jo her house, which she decides to convert into a school. Professor Bhaer arrives with the printed galley proofs of her manuscript, but when he mistakenly believes Jo has married Laurie he departs to catch a train to the West, where he is to become a teacher. Jo runs after him and explains the misunderstanding. When she begs him not to leave, he proposes marriage and she happily accepts.
Last Dance	American	drama	Bruce Beresford	Cindy Liggett (Sharon Stone) is waiting on death row for a brutal double murder she committed in her teens, 12 years earlier. Clemency lawyer Rick Hayes (Rob Morrow) tries to save her, based on the argument that she was under the influence of crack cocaine when she committed the crime of which she was found guilty and that she is no longer the same person she had been at the time of the murder. However her death sentence is carried out.
The Finest Hours	American	drama	Craig Gillespie	Bernard Bernie Webber, a crewman at the Coast Guard station in Chatham, Massachusetts, on Cape Cod, has fallen in love with a local girl, Miriam Pentinen. The two plan to marry on April 16, but in accordance with Coast Guard regulations, Bernie must seek permission from the station's commander, Daniel Cluff. On the day he is due to ask permission, the oil tanker SS Pendleton shears in half off the Chatham coast after getting caught in a nor'easter. With the majority of the station's crew already underway with the rescue of the similarly damaged SS Fort Mercer, Bernie is dispatched to pilot motor lifeboat CG 36500 to rescue the crew of Pendleton. Andrew Fitzgerald, Ervin Maske, and Richard P. Livesey volunteer to join Bernie on the rescue mission. Meanwhile, the Pendleton's engineer, Ray Sybert, as the surviving senior officer, organizes the surviving seamen to steer the sinking stern of the tanker onto a submerged reef, where it can lodge until rescuers arrive. When Miriam hears that Bernie is leading the rescue effort, she, like a number of townspeople, thinks this is a suicide mission. Few people in Chatham trust Cluff, since he is not from the area and does not know its treacherous weather. Miriam drives to the station, demanding that Cluff call Bernie back. Cluff refuses, and brusquely orders Miriam out. Between the Chatham harbor and the open sea lies a bar, a series of shoals that are very dangerous even in good weather. Bernie must time bursts of his engine to ride each approaching wave before it breaks as he pilots CG 36500 across the bar. Although he makes it over the bar, he loses his compass. Bernie steers CG 36500 to the stricken tanker. Although his boat's designated capacity is only 12 people, Bernie manages to rescue 32 crewmen. The stern of Pendleton begins sinking more rapidly during the rescue and goes down shortly after the last crewman comes aboard Bernie's boat. Relying on his knowledge of the coast and prevailing winds in place of his compass, Bernie steers CG 36500 toward home—a task made more difficult as Chatham loses power. Miriam and the other townspeople drive their cars to the pier and turn on their headlights to guide Bernie in. The film shows photographs from the event that briefly document the aftermath of the rescue. Two months later, Bernie and Miriam marry; they stay together for 58 years until Bernie's death in 2009. Webber and his crew receive the Gold Lifesaving Medal.
Derby Day	British	drama	Herbert Wilcox	On the morning of the Epsom Derby, a disparate group of people prepare to go to the races. Lady Helen Forbes, a recently widowed aristocrat is planning to make the journey in spite of the disapproval of her social set who consider it unseemly to go while still in mourning. David Scott, a newspaper cartoonist is ordered to go by his editor against his wishes. Meanwhile, as part of a charity raffle, a dissolute film star, Gerald Berkeley, is to escort a wealthy grand dame to Epsom for the day something he is equally reluctant about. Happily she falls and injures her leg, and her crafty housekeeper arranges for one of the young maids to go in her place. Meanwhile, in Hackney, a lodger kills a man whose wife he is having an affair with. They plan to flee the country, and also head to Epsom where he knows a tipster who can smuggle them out.
Adam's Woman	Australian	drama	Philip Leacock	In the 1840s, an American sailor ashore in Liverpool is wrongly convicted and sent to the penal colony in Sydney, Australia where he enters into a battle of wills with the Governor. The Governor offers him a pardon if he helps pioneer new land for the growing colony. He marries Irish woman Bess and they establish a farm despite the harassment of bushrangers. Opponents of the governor persuade a visiting Crown commissioner, Lord Croydon, to revoke Adam's pardon. Adam tries to escape but is arrested. Bess pleads his case and Adam gets a full pardon.
A Night to Remember	British	drama	Roy Ward Baker	In 1912, the Titanic is the largest vessel afloat and is widely believed to be unsinkable. Passengers aboard for her maiden voyage are the cream of American and British society. Boarding are first class passengers Sir Richard and Lady Richard, second class passengers Mr. Clarke and Mrs. Clarke, a young newly wed couple, and steerage passengers Mr. Murphy, Mr. Gallagher and Mr. James Farrel. Second Officer Charles Lightoller is also readying for the voyage. On 10 April, Titanic sails out to sea. On 14 April, at sea, the ship receives a number of ice warnings from other steamers. Only a few of the messages are relayed to Captain Edward J. Smith, who orders a lookout, but does not slow the ship or consider changing course. Late that night, the SS Californian spots float ice in the distance, and tries to send a message to the Titanic. On board the Titanic, the steerage passengers are enjoying their time on the ship when Murphy spies a young polish girl, and asks her to dance with him. In the depths of the ship, Thomas Andrews, the ship's builder, inspects the boiler room. Up in the wireless room, wireless operators Jack Phillips and Harold Sydney Bride are changing shifts. Phillips receives an ice warning, but when more messages arrive for him to send out, it is lost under them. On the Californian, field ice is spotted, and the ship stops, for it is too dangerous to proceed, and a message is sent to the Titanic. Because the Californian is so close, the message is very loud, and Phillips interrupts the message. On the Titanic, passengers begin to settle in for the night, while some, including Mr. Hoyle and Jay Yates stay up to gamble. Suddenly, Lookout Frederick Fleet spots an iceberg in front of the ship. The vessel turns to port but collides with the iceberg on its starboard side. Captain Smith sends for Thomas Andrews who goes to inspect the damage. Andrews determines that the ship will sink within two hours, and it lacks sufficient lifeboat capacity for everyone on board. A distress signal is sent out, and efforts begin to signal the SS Californian, visible on the horizon 10 miles away, but its radio operator is off duty and does not hear the distress signal. Fortunately, the radio operator on the RMS Carpathia receives the distress call and alerts Captain Arthur Rostron, who orders the ship to head to the site. Unfortunately, the ship is 58 miles away, and will take around four hours to reach the Titanic. Meanwhile, the Californian remains where it is, the crew failing to comprehend why the large ship they are in sight of is firing rockets. Captain Smith orders Officers Lightoller and William Murdoch to start lowering the lifeboats. On Lightoller's side, men are not allowed on board, but Murdoch, working the other side of the ship, is far more lenient, letting men board lifeboats. Chief Baker Charles Joughin, after giving up his space in a lifeboat, turns to the bottle to ease his ailments. In the Grand Staircase, Robbie Lucas runs into Mr. Andrews and asks if the ship is seriously damaged. Andrews tells him to get his wife and children into the boats. Lucas rouses his children and wife to go to the lifeboats. He gets them safety in a boat, and turns away, realizing he will never see his family again. Murphy, Gallagher, and Farrel help the polish girl, and her mother find their way though the ship, and get them in a lifeboat. The Richards, and Hoyle are admitted to a boat by Murdoch. Yates gives a female passenger a note to send to his sister. Andrews advises the Clarkes on how to escape the sinking ship. As the stewards struggle to hold back women and children in third-class, most of those from first- and second-class board the lifeboats and launch away from the ship. The ship quickly fills with water, and the passengers begin to realize the danger, as the ship lists more and more. When the third-class passengers are allowed up from below, chaos ensues. The Titanic's bow submerges, and only two collapsible lifeboats are left. Lightoller and other able seamen struggle to free them, when the ship begins its final plunge. Captain Smith remained on the Titanic‘s bridge when the forward superstructure went under, and died there. Lightoller and many others are swept off the ship. Thomas Andrews, who is asked by a steward if he will save himself, remains in the first-class smoking room, lamenting his failure to build a strong and safe ship. Passengers jump into the sea as the stern rises high into the air. The Clarkes, struggling in the water, are killed by a falling funnel. The stricken liner rapidly sinks into the icy sea. Many passengers, including Lucas, and Farrel, die of hypothermia. One of the collapsibles is floating overturned, so Lightoller and a few more men balance on it and wait. Yates, denied access to the upturned boat, calls out, “Good luck. God bless you, and swims away to drown himself; Lightoller urges him, in vain, to come back. Murphy and Gallagher make it to the collapsible, and are taken on board. Joughin holds onto the side, not minding the cold because he's been drinking, and is eventually taken aboard. Lightoller spots another boat, and the men are saved. The Carpathia comes and rescues the survivors. Lightoller expresses that he don't think I'll ever feel sure again. About anything. On the Carpathia, after a group prayer, Lightoller is told by Rostron told the numbers of the saved and lost. In all, 1500 people are lost; 705 are alive. The wireless operator comes on deck to inform Rostron that the Californian has just heard about Titanic's sinking and ask if they can do anything. Rostron says anything that was humanly possible has been done.
Garam Hawa	Bollywood	drama	M. S. Sathyu	The Mirzas are a Muslim family living in a large ancestral house and running a shoe manufacturing business in the city of Agra in the United Provinces of northern India (now the state of Uttar Pradesh). The story begins in the immediate aftermath of India's independence and the partition of India in 1947. The family is headed by two brothers; Salim (Balraj Sahni), who heads the family business, and his elder brother Halim, who is mainly engaged in politics and is a major leader in the provincial branch of the All India Muslim League, which led the demand for the creation of a separate Muslim state of Pakistan. Salim has two sons, the elder Baqar, who helps him in the business, and Sikander (Farooq Shaikh), who is a young student. Halim's son Kazim is engaged to Salim's daughter, Amina. Although he had publicly promised to stay in India for the sake of its Muslims, Halim later decides to quietly emigrate to Pakistan with his wife and son, believing that there was no future for Muslims in India. Salim resists the notion of moving, believing that peace and harmony would return soon, besides which, he has to care for their ageing mother, who refuses to leave the house of her forefathers. This puts Kazim and Amina's marriage plans on hold, although Kazim promises to return soon to marry her. Halim's stealthy migration affects Salim's standing in the community. In the aftermath of partition, the sudden migration of many Muslims from Agra left banks and other lenders deeply reluctant to lend money to Muslim businessmen like Salim Mirza, who had previously been held in high esteem, over fears that they would leave the country without repaying the loan. Unable to raise capital to finance production, Salim Mirza's business suffers. Salim Mirza's brother-in-law, formerly a League supporter, now joins the ruling Indian National Congress in an attempt to get ahead in independent India, while his son Shamshad unsuccessfully woos Amina, who is still devoted to Kazim and hopeful of his return. Halim's migration to Pakistan makes the family home an evacuee property as the house is in Halim's name and Halim did not transfer it to Salim Mirza. The Indian government mandates the take over of the house, forcing Salim Mirza's family to move out of their ancestral home, which is very hard on Mirza's aged mother. Salim's wife blames him for not raising this issue with his brother Halim before he left for Pakistan. Mirza resists his wife's hints that they also move to Pakistan and his elder son's calls for modernising the family business. Mirza finds it difficult to rent a house, facing discrimination owing to his religion and fears that a Muslim family would skip out on rent if they decided to leave for Pakistan. He finally succeeds in finding a smaller house to rent, but his business is failing and despite his son's exhorting, refuses to change with the times, believing that Allah would protect them. Salim Mirza's passiveness and disconnection from the outside world leaves his wife and son frustrated. The Mirza family house is bought by a close business associate, Ajmani, (A.K. Hangal) who respects Mirza and tries to help him. Despite growing troubles, the family is briefly buoyed by Sikander's graduation from college. Amina and her family have almost given up on her marrying Kazim after Halim breaks his promise to return soon from Pakistan. Kazim returns on his own, and reveals that his father had become opposed to his marrying Amina, preferring that he marry the daughter of a Pakistani politician. Having received a scholarship from the Government of Pakistan to study in Canada, Kazim desires to marry Amina before he leaves, but before the marriage can take place, he is arrested by police and repatriated to Pakistan for travelling without a passport and not registering at the police station, as is required of all citizens of Pakistan. Amina is heart-broken, and finally accepts Shamshad's courtship. Sikander undergoes a long string of unsuccessful job interviews, where the interviewers repeatedly suggest that he would have better luck in Pakistan. Sikander and his group of friends become disillusioned and start an agitation against unemployment and discrimination, but Salim prohibits Sikander from taking part. Despite his political connections, Salim Mirza's brother-in-law ends up in debt over shady business practices and decides to flee to Pakistan. Amina again faces the prospect of losing her lover, but Shamshad promises to return and not leave her like Kazim. Salim Mirza's reluctance to modernise and cultivate ties with the newly formed shoemakers union results in his business not receiving patronage and consequently failing. Disillusioned, his son Baqar decides to migrate to Pakistan with his son and wife. Salim's aged mother suffers a stroke, and through his friend, Salim is able to bring his mother to her beloved house for a final visit, where she dies. While Salim is travelling in a horse-drawn carriage, the carriage driver, a Muslim, gets into an accident and a squabble with other locals. The situation deteriorates into a riot, and Salim is hit by a stone and suffers injuries. With his business and elder son gone, Salim begins to work as a humble shoemaker to make a living. Shamshad's mother returns from Pakistan for a visit, leading Amina and her mother to think that Shamshad would also come soon and their marriage would take place. However, Shamshad's mother merely takes advantage of Salim Mirza's connections to release some of her husband's money, and reveals that Shamshad's marriage has been arranged with the daughter of a well-connected Pakistani family. Shattered with this second betrayal, Amina commits suicide, which devastates the whole family. Amidst these problems, Salim Mirza is investigated by the police on charges of espionage over his sending plans of their former property to his brother in Karachi, Pakistan. Although acquitted by the court, Mirza is shunned in public and faces a humiliating whisper campaign. Mirza's long aversion to leaving India finally breaks down and he decides in anger to leave for Pakistan. Sikander opposes the idea, arguing that they should not run away from India, but fight against the odds for the betterment of the whole nation, but Salim decides to leave anyway. However, as the family is travelling towards the railway station, they encounter a large crowd of protesters marching against unemployment and discrimination, which Sikander had planned to join. Sikander's friends call out to him, and Salim encourages him to join the protesters. He instructs the carriage driver to take his wife back to their house, and the film ends as Salim Mirza himself joins the protest, ending his isolation from the new reality.
We Shall See	British	drama	Quentin Lawrence	Alva (Faith Brook), the mentally unbalanced wife of airline pilot Evan Collins (Maurice Kaufmann), wants her husband to leave his job. However, she is tragically killed when someone throws a hive of bees into her bedroom. Police deduce that whoever was responsible knew that Alva was allergic to the insects, and suspicion immediately falls on her husband.
Mrs. Sen	Bengali	drama	Agnidev Chatterjee	The film begins with the scenic beauty of the Himalayas, and in the backdrop Anuradha (Rituparna Sengupta) was reading out letters to her never-to-be-born child. Then, a sudden telephone ring breaks the silence of an early December morning. Anuradha received the call and is stupefied upon hearing the voice from the other side of the telephone, which stated that her husband, Somnath (Rohit Roy) had been the victim of a deadly accident in Thailand and was currently in coma stage. Anuradha realised that she has to catch the very next flight as soon as possible and get to her husband, who was admitted to a hospital. Anuradha and Somnath were married for seven years, and were leading a happy life without any problems. Anuradha, who was desiring to be a mother, was told by her husband that due to some problems, he could not impregnate her. Somnath was able to settle disputes with Anuradha after a long try. Anuradha, who passed from a Bengali Medium school, had never been abroad. She had just received a passport to go to Dubai with her husband, the next January. As Anuradha reaches Thailand, she comes across the fact that her husband has a wife and a child there. In fact, Somnath's other wife, Sohini (Hrishita Bhatt), was also in the car during the accident. But even before she can think and determine anything, she was given the task of looking after Somnath's 8-year-old boy and Sohini's brother (Subhasish Mukhopadhyay). Anuradha is perplexed as she couldn't decide whether to love or hate the innocent child. Later, when Sohini becomes conscious again, she too comes across the fact behind Anuradha's existence. She didn't want to believe the fact at once, but later, she faces the truth. On the other hand, Anuradha gets into a dilemma about whom to hate- her husband, for cheating her, or Sohini. Sohini is soon released from the hospital, though she was not totally recovered. A peculiar situation prevailed over the Sen family, where Sohini and Anuradha tried their best to make their place in the family. After a few days, the news of Somnath's death in the hospital reaches the two women. The events which occur next after the only connection between the two women was gone, form the climax of the story.
Broken Blossoms	British	drama	John Brahm	A Chinese missionary comes to London where he works in the slums and helps a young girl being ill-treated by her abusive father.
The Mambo Kings	American	drama	Arne Glimpsher	In the early 1950s, Cuban brothers and musicians Cesar (Armand Assante) and Nestor Castillo (Antonio Banderas) flee from Havana, Cuba after getting into a violent dispute with the mobster owners of a club where they performed. Eventually ending up in New York City, the brothers work at menial jobs while attempting to revive their musical careers. At a nightclub where Cesar briefly crashes the act of mambo star Tito Puente, they make new friends and connections, as well as meeting cigarette girl Lanna Lake (Cathy Moriarty), who falls quickly into a love affair with Cesar. Nestor, in the meantime, remains oblivious to other women while continually composing his ode to his lost Cuban love, Maria (Talisa Soto). He writes version after version of the same ballad, Beautiful Maria of My Soul, until by chance one day he encounters Delores (Maruschka Detmers), a shy but attentive young woman who wishes to become a schoolteacher. When she becomes pregnant, they decide to get married. Fate intervenes one night at a club, where the Castillo brothers have a part-time job. Nestor's love ballad captures the interest of one of the customers, who turns out to be the Cuban bandleader and American television star Desi Arnaz (played by his son, Desi Arnaz, Jr.). After a pleasant evening in Nestor and Delores's home, Arnaz generously invites the struggling Castillos to sing and act on an episode of his smash sitcom series, I Love Lucy. Fame does not last, however. Nestor is not as ambitious as his brother and desires nothing more than to own his own small club. He is in love with Delores, but lacks the passion he felt for his beloved Maria back home. Cesar, meantime, suppresses his true feelings, that a woman like Delores would actually be perfect for him. Cesar eventually reveals to Nestor that Maria left him for a Cuban mobster in exchange for cancelling a contract hit against Nestor. There are tragic consequences one snowy night when the Castillo brothers' car veers off the road and into a tree. Cesar, in the back seat of the vehicle, is barely hurt, but Nestor, having driven the car, is killed. The life of Cesar, shattered, is never the same. To honor his brother's memory, Cesar opens his own small club, which is well received. Delores pays him a visit and asks him to sing Nestor's song for her.
Men on the Bridge	Turkish	drama	Aslı Özge	Fikret (Fikret Portakal) earns a living by selling roses on the Bosporus Bridge. He also tries working in a restaurant, but it is not an improvement. Umut (Umut İlker) is a dolmuş driver on the Taksim-Bostancı route. He and his girlfriend struggle to pay their apartment rent from their combined wages. Murat (Murat Tokgöz) is traffic policeman on the Bosporus Bridge. He has dates with women he knows from chatting on internet. Some women are disappointed about his low wages. The lives and dreams of these three men who live in the ghettos of the big city intersect unknowingly every day with each other's and those of millions of Istanbulites on the Bosporus Bridge, the heart of the city.
Fire Over England	British	drama	William K. Howard	During the reign of Queen Elizabeth I, England is concerned by the impending arrival of the Spanish Armada. In 1588, relations between Spain and England are at breaking point. With the support of Queen Elizabeth I (Flora Robson), English privateers such as Sir Francis Drake regularly capture Spanish merchantmen bringing gold from the New World. Elizabeth's chief advisers are the Lord Treasurer, Lord Burleigh (Morton Selten), and her longtime admirer, Robert Dudley, Earl of Leicester (Leslie Banks). Burleigh's 18-year-old granddaughter Cynthia (Vivien Leigh) is one of Elizabeth's ladies-in-waiting, and the ageing queen is plagued by jealousy of the girl's beauty and vivacity. In a sea battle between the Spanish, led by Don Miguel (Robert Rendel), and the English, led by his old friend Sir Richard Ingolby (Lyn Harding) the English are captured. Miguel allows Richard's son Michael (Laurence Olivier) to escape. Michael washes ashore on Miguel's estate, and his wounds are tended to by Miguel's daughter Elena (Tamara Desni), who quickly becomes enamoured of the handsome Englishman. As the months pass, Michael recovers and laments being apart from Cynthia, his sweetheart, but is nonetheless impressed by Elena's charms. Miguel brings Michael the sad news that Sir Richard, his father, has been executed as a heretic. The grieving Michael denounces his rescuers and flees to England in a small fishing boat. When he is granted an audience with the Queen he urges her to fight the Spanish menace by whatever means necessary, and swears undying loyalty to her. Elizabeth is flattered by the young man's fervent devotion and later has an opportunity to take advantage of his offer of service when Hillary Vane (James Mason), an Englishman spying for Spain, is killed before the names of his English co-conspirators can be uncovered. Michael, disguised as Vane, goes to the court of King Philip II of Spain (Raymond Massey) to get the letters that will set into motion a plan to assassinate Elizabeth. At the palace Michael meets Elena. Her father has been killed by the English and she is now married to Don Pedro (Robert Newton), the palace governor. Elena keeps Michael's identity a secret as long as she can, but finally must tell her husband out of loyalty to him. Philip sees through Michael's disguise and orders his arrest. Pedro helps him escape so that it will not be discovered that his wife aided a heretic. While Michael is returning home, the Spanish Armada sails against England and Elizabeth addresses her army at Tilbury. Michael meets her there and reveals the names of the traitors. Elizabeth knights Michael before confronting the six traitors, inviting them to fulfill their plot and kill her. Overwhelmed with shame, they agree to accompany Michael on a mission to deploy fire ships in a night attack on the Armada, massed off the coast of England. The tactic succeeds, and Elizabeth allows Michael and Cynthia to be wed.
Red Firecracker, Green Firecracker	Chinese	drama	He Ping	A young woman inherits her father's fireworks factory, as he had no son. The business does well and everything works in an orderly fashion until one day an itinerant painter is hired to decorate the doors and vases at the factory for Chinese New Year. The woman, forbidden to marry as it would involve outsiders in the factory ownership, is drawn to the headstrong painter. When they fall in love, the situation throws her entire life into disarray.
Blind Spot	British	drama	Peter Maxwell	Laid up in a military hospital waiting for an operation, U.S. Army Captain Dan Adams (Robert MacKenzie), has lost his sight due to a head injury. While his doctors are waiting for his injury to heal before proceeding, Adams is driven off base to a party but is dropped off at the wrong address. Entering the house, he stumbles over a body and startle the killers Rushford (Ronan O'Casey) and Schrieder (George Pastell). Realising Adams is blind, they knock him out and throw him down a flight of stairs. When Adams revives back in a hospital, his tale of murder seems implausible, as no evidence of a crime is found. After regaining his eyesight, Adams finds himself framed on a diamond-smuggling charge. He sets out to track down the real thieves, pretending that he is still blind in order to catch them off guard. Encountering aircraft mechanic (Gordon Jackson) and the Brent family, with father (John Le Mesurier) and sister (Delphi Lawrence), Adams realizes that a pilot thought to be dead is really Johnny Brent (Michael Caine) who knows more about the theft and murders. Finally unraveling the mysterious death and smuggling operation, Adams proves his innocence.
Look Both Ways	Australian	drama	Sarah Watt	The film charts the stories of several people over a hot summer weekend in Adelaide. Photojournalist Nick (William McInnes) discovers he has testicular cancer that has spread to his lungs. On his way home he goes to the site of a train accident to report on it, and meets Meryl (Justine Clarke) an emotionally vulnerable artist, who has witnessed a man get run over by a train. Over the course of the weekend, their relationship develops sexually as another chance encounter allows them to discover more about each other; the two gradually allow themselves to let go of their fears and form a meaningful relationship. Meanwhile, Nick's colleague, Andy Walker, has to deal with the news that his estranged girlfriend, Anna, is pregnant, made more difficult because neither of them really wanted or planned for a baby. Andy also has to cope with his ex-wife, who doesn't trust his ability to take good care of his two children. The lives of Julia (the partner of the man run over by the train) and the driver of the train are explored: Both characters are shown going through the seven stages of grief. The train driver bridges the gap with his estranged teenage son during the course of the movie. The rain at the end of the film symbolizes relief.[3] The films credits are complemented by a series of photographs showing Nick and Meryl staying together, eventually traveling together and Nick surviving cancer.
Darby and Joan	British	drama	Percy Nash	Mrs. Gorry and her son lived by an old mill stream. The landlord decided to utilise the water of the mill stream for an artificial lake, bringing poverty to the Gorry's house. Mrs. Gorry and her son Patrick were left nearly destitute, and in her heart there grew a great bitterness. One night she made her son kneel down and swear vengeance on Sayle Moore. Moore had a daughter of whom he was fond. Patrick Gorry and Sheila Moore fell in love. Their parents would not agree to the marriage, but the young couple married without consent. From then on the struggle to live against overwhelming odds was terrible. Patrick was arrested and charged with murder, but was quickly acquitted. Struggling as a lawyer he finally won out, and fickle fortune smiled on him. Moore came to see Patrick, and wanted to adopt his little son, but the parents would not consent. Later the little boy was accidentally killed by his grandfather's carriage. The years passed on and Patrick was made a Judge. As a Judge he had to try the case of the man who in his early years had victimised the Gorry family.[2]
The Rat	British	drama	Graham Cutts	Zélie de Chaumet (Jeans) is a bored, sensation-seeking demimondaine, living with her older lover and keeper Herman Stetz (Robert Scholtz) in a lavish apartment in a wealthy area of Paris. By contrast career criminal Pierre Boucheron (Novello), known as The Rat, lives with his casual girlfriend Odile (Marsh) in a run-down room in a squalid part of the city. One evening Zélie has an arrangement to attend a performance at the Folies Bergère with friends. Fearing that this will be a dreary evening out, she asks Herman to arrange an after-theatre party for them at the White Coffin Club, a notorious low-life hangout, to end the evening on an exciting note. Pierre also attends the Folies Bergères that evening on the lookout for easy pickings, and steals Zélie's cigarette case. Meanwhile, Odile has noticed that Pierre has gone out without his knife, and goes to the White Coffin with it. Herman notices her and is struck by her beauty and naïvety. He is in the process of trying to force his attentions on her when Pierre arrives and violently throws him out of the club, warning him never to return. Zélie and her friends arrive at the White Coffin. Watching Pierre win a knife fight and performing a wild Apache dance with one of the club's showgirls, she is intrigued and strikes up a conversation with him. Pierre recognises her from the Folies Bergères and returns her cigarette case. After she leaves, Pierre receives a note with her address, inviting him to visit. Unknown to Zélie, Herman has had her movements watched and when she arrives home he confronts her about her earlier conduct with Pierre. When she does not deny her fascination with Him, Herman says that he is going out and expects to find her gone by the time he returns. Pierre arrives at the apartment and although Zélie is delighted to see him, she professes no knowledge of the note which has brought him there. They realise that the note must have been sent by Herman as a ruse to get Pierre out of the way while he pursues Odile. Pierre rushes home, to find Odile in a desperate struggle with Herman to prevent him from forcing himself on her. The enraged Pierre stabs him to death. The screams and struggles are heard by a passing policeman, who summons assistance. Odile persuades Pierre to make his escape through a window, and when the police arrive she claims to have killed Herman herself in self-defence. Pierre returns to the room intending to say he has just returned from visiting Zélie, but when he learns that Odile has confessed to the murder he confesses the truth. However the police do not believe him, thinking he is trying to protect her. Odile asks for some time alone with Pierre, and points out to him that she has a chance of being acquitted by claiming self-defence, whereas he would certainly be sentenced to death for the crime. Reluctantly he agrees, and Odile is taken to prison. Pierre is refused permission to visit Odile in prison, and becomes increasingly distressed and tormented, taking to wandering the streets in a near-hysterical state. Odile requests a visit from Zélie, which is granted. She begs Zélie to testify that Pierre was with her at the time of the murder. Zélie reluctantly agrees. As Odile's trial is about to begin Pierre spots Zélie and, assuming she has come to gloat, launches a verbal attack on her. He is forcibly removed and returned home by the police. He is beside himself with anguish when Odile returns, having been acquitted of the murder on the self-defence plea. The couple acknowledge how much they mean to each other.[1]
Hoffman	British	drama	Alvin Rakoff	Telling her fiancé Tom she has to spend a week with her sick grandmother, Janet instead goes to the flat of Hoffman, a recently divorced executive in the firm where she works who she hardly knows. Her visit is not voluntary, since Hoffman claims to have evidence that could send Tom to jail and has blackmailed her into spending the week with him. While full of desire for the young woman, he is also still bitter about women and, without pressuring her physically, bullies her psychologically. Young and inexperienced, she eventually begins to fight back and even starts some sexual provocation and then insults Hoffman when he does not respond. They are then interrupted when Tom comes looking for his missing fiancée, having been prompted by an 'anonymous' phone call actually made by Hoffman, and Janet leaves with Tom. Discussing the situation, Tom and his mother ask Janet to go back to Hoffman and continue being nice to him in order to keep Tom out of jail. Dismayed that both of them are more concerned for themselves than for her, she goes back to Hoffman and negotiates the terms to agree to his invitation to be his permanent companion.
Billy Liar	British	drama	John Schlesinger	Billy Fisher (Tom Courtenay) lives in Yorkshire with his parents (Wilfred Pickles and Mona Washbourne) and grandmother (Ethel Griffies), and works as an undertakers' clerk overseen by the rigid Mr. Shadrack (Leonard Rossiter). Billy wishes to get away from his stifling job and family life. To escape the boredom of his humdrum existence, he constantly daydreams and fantasises, often picturing himself as the ruler and military hero of an imaginary country called Ambrosia. He also makes up stories about himself and his family, causing him to be nicknamed Billy Liar. Billy has further complicated his life by proposing to two very different girls, the sheltered, virginal Barbara (Helen Fraser) and the tough, brassy Rita (Gwendolyn Watts). He has given the same engagement ring to each girl and lies constantly to get it back from one and give it to the other, eventually resulting in a family row when Rita discovers he has lied about the ring being at the jewellers. Billy also finds himself attracted to his former girlfriend Liz (Julie Christie), who has just returned to town after extensive travels. Liz is a free spirit who, unlike anyone else in town, understands and accepts Billy's imagination. However, she has more courage and confidence than Billy, as shown by her willingness to leave her home town and enjoy new and different experiences. At work, Billy is tasked with mailing out a large shipment of advertising calendars to potential customers, but instead hides the calendars and keeps the postage money. He is eventually found out by Shadrack, who refuses to let him resign from his position until he pays back the postage money. Billy aspires to get a more interesting job as a scriptwriter for comic Danny Boon (Leslie Randall), but when Boon comes to town, he is not interested in Billy's overtures. Under pressure, Billy ends up making dates with both Barbara and Rita to meet each one on the same night at the same local ballroom. There, the two girls discover the double engagement and begin fighting with each other. Meanwhile, Billy encounters Liz and shares a romantic interlude with her outside, during which he proposes to her and she accepts. She urges him to accompany her to London that evening, and he goes home to pack his bags, only to find that his grandmother has fallen ill and been taken to hospital. Billy joins his mother at the hospital just in time to learn that his grandmother has died. He then continues to the station to meet Liz, and the couple board the train, but at the last minute Billy disembarks with the excuse of buying some milk to drink on the journey. By the time he gets back to the train, it is pulling out, with a rueful Liz at the window and his suitcase left behind on the platform. Alone, Billy walks the dark deserted road back to his home, imagining himself leading the marching army of Ambrosia.
Namkeen	Bollywood	drama	Gulzar	Three unmarried sisters live in a remote village in Himachal Pradesh with their old mother, Jugni (Waheeda Rehman), a former nautanki (folk theatre) dancer, who sells spices and takes in boarders to make a living. The three daughters are named like flavors in food. The 'salty' eldest daughter Nimki (Sharmila Tagore), is a reserved spinster, quietly but firmly holding the household together. The 'sweet' middle sister is Mitthu (Shabana Azmi) who cannot speak, but is revealed to be an intelligent and romantic girl. The 'tangy' youngest one is Chinki (Kiran Vairale), a bold and vibrant teenager, who turns out to be more perceptive than one would credit her to be. Their quiet little haven is occasionally threatened by the alcoholic father Kishanlal (Kishanlal), a sarangi player who was on the travelling troupe with Jugni, and keeps attempting to reclaim his daughters. She left him years ago to protect her daughters from the life of a nautanki dancer which she always struggled to escape.[4] All four live in a very old house outside the village. Gerulal (Sanjeev Kumar) is a truck driver who joins this peculiar household for a brief time as a tenant. Initially stunned by their less than friendly ways and unsocial demeanor, he grows to respect the women as he watches the difficulties they struggle with every day. He finds that even among the crisis of money and facilities, all the sisters are capable of maintaining moral values and diginified behavior towards the outer world. He begins to like Nimki. But somehow Mitthu, whom he sympathizes and befriends, seems to have feelings for Gerulal. When Gerulal needs to move on from that region because of work, he proposes to Nimki. But she turns down his proposal citing the responsibility of her sisters and her mother, and asks him to marry Mithu instead - a request he cannot comply with. Three years later, Gerulal is shocked to find Chinki performing at a village nautanki. From her he learns how drastically things changed after he left - Mitthu lost her mental balance and committed suicide, Jugni died of the shock and Chinki, with not much left to choose from, joined her father's troupe. Gerulal rushes back to Jugni's crumbling old house to find Nimki, alone and aged beyond her years, almost a reflection of her mother. This time, he takes her away with him.[5]
Sahib Bibi Aur Ghulam	Bollywood	drama	Abrar Alvi	The film opens at the ruins of an old haveli in Calcutta, where a group of labourers are busy pulling down what remains. When the workers break off for lunch, the overseer (Guru Dutt) wanders through the haveli. As he sits at a place, there begins a flashback to the end of the 19th century. The lower-class and educated Bhoothnath arrives in colonial Calcutta looking for work. He lives in the grand haveli of the Choudhurys, a family of zamindars with his brother-in-law. He works at the Mohini Sindoor factory run by Subinay Babu (Nazir Hussain), a dedicated member of the Brahmo Samaj. Subinay Babu's daughter Jaba (Waheeda Rehman) is amused by Bhoothnath, whom she considers an unsophisticated rustic. Bhoothnath becomes fascinated with the goings-on in the haveli and every night observes the decadent lifestyle of the Choudhury brothers. One night, the servant, Bansi (Dhumal), takes Bhoothnath to meet the younger zamindar's (Rehman) wife Chhoti Bahu (Meena Kumari), who implores him to bring her Mohini Sindoor, believing it will keep her unfaithful husband home. Bhoothnath is struck by her beauty and sadness and inadvertently becomes Chhoti Bahu's secret confidante. A bomb explodes in the marketplace and Bhoothnath is injured in the ensuing crossfire between freedom fighters and British soldiers. Jaba looks after him. Chhoti Bahu's repeated attempts to appease her husband fail until she becomes his drinking companion to keep him by her side. Jaba's marriage is finalised with Supavitra (a member of Bramho Samaj), but after her father's death she declines the marriage. Bhoothnath becomes a architect trainee and goes away to work on a training project. After his return, he finds the haveli in partial ruins. Chhoti Bahu is now a desperate alcoholic and her husband is paralysed. Meanwhile, he learns that he and Jaba were betrothed as children. One night, Chhoti Bahu asks Bhoothnath to accompany her to a nearby shrine to pray for her ailing husband. Their conversation is overheard by the elder zamindar, Majhle Babu (Sapru), who suspects that Chhoti Bahu is having an affair with Bhootnath (though actually it was not the case). He orders his henchmen to chase them. As Bhoothnath and Chhoti Bahu travel in the carriage, it is stopped by the henchmen. Bhoothnath is knocked unconscious and Chhoti Bahu is abducted. When he wakes up in hospital, Bhoothnath is told that Chhoti Bahu has disappeared and the younger zamindar is dead. The flashback ends. Bhoothnath's workers inform him a skeleton is found buried in the ruins of the haveli. From the jewellery on the corpse, Bhoothnath realises it is the remains of Chhoti Bahu. The last scene shows a nostalgic Bhoothnath riding away on a carriage with Jaba, who is now his wife. In this, the filmed version departs significantly from the novel, where Jaba and Bhoothnath do not get a happy ending. The film also depicts the decline of the old landed zamindari families of Bengal during the late 19th century.
Zodiac Killers	Hong Kong	drama	Ann Hui	Hong Kong student Ben Lee becomes friends with his mainland Chinese classmate Chang Chih while studying abroad in Japan. Ben is unmotivated to study and only cares about money and on the other hand, whenever Chih encounters a Chinese person, he would ask whereabouts of his childhood sweetheart. Ming is also from Hong Kong and in order to elevate his social status, he becomes involved with a bar hostess and owner Yuriko, hoping to become Yakuza leader Yamada Ishikawa's brother in-law. In Yuriko's bar, Ben encounters Chinese student Mang Tit Lan, who is there to earn some extra money, and falls in love with her at first sight but is not favored. Lan and her friend Mei Mei live with their guarantor and suffers a lot of humiliation. Lan is in love with Hideyuki Asano, who works as Yamada's top assassin, who went to South America to kill Yamada's enemy, nut eventually came back to reunite with Lan. However, Yamada send his men to have Asano silenced and right before he dies, he asks Lan to expose Yamada to the police but Lan faces the underworld's pursue to kill her. Since Lan's passport was detained by her guarantor, Ben had to help her sneak out of Japan on a boat, but the thugs arrive right after hearing the news. Ben and Lan attempt to leave the oppressing country.
Jackal	Turkish	drama	Erhan Kozan	The life of Akın, who lives in one of the poorest neighborhoods in Istanbul, begins to change after his mother’s death. He hopes to start a new life with the money he plans to steal from the carpenter's workshop he works at. His girlfriend, Deniz, finds his plan ridiculous and leaves him. Akın then accepts an offer by his friend İdris, which leads to a new start in his life. Having nothing to lose, Akın impresses his boss with his fearless and indifferent attitude, but a new life also brings with it a new host of enemies.
Tree of Hands	British	drama	Giles Foster	Benet Archdale (Helen Shaver), a London based best-selling author who has just written a controversial novel, lives alone with her young son. Benet's mother, Marsha (Lauren Bacall), visiting from the United States, is a manic-depressive who has psychotic episodes. When Benet's young son dies, Marsha kidnaps a local child to serve as a substitute. Benet believes she should return the child but upon investigation she finds out that the child has been severely abused by his parents. After the child's disappearance, the parents are charged with the murder.[1]
Mean Dreams	Canadian	drama	Nathan Morlando	Described as a coming-of-age drama that evolves into a crime thriller,[4] the film begins with teenagers Jonas and Casey meeting, introduced by Casey's faithful dog Blaise. Jonas spends his days working on his father's cattle ranch in the Great Lakes region of North America; Casey and her father Wayne, a police sergeant, are the new neighbors. Wayne tries to quell the romance blossoming between Casey and Jonas. When Jonas sees Wayne hit Casey, Jonas and Wayne get into fight and Wayne threatens Jonas's life. Later, Jonas sees Wayne steal a large sum of money; Jonas takes the money from Wayne and he and Casey go on the lam, living outdoors and trying to stay one step ahead of Wayne and the authorities.
Poongsan	South_Korean	drama	Unknown	A man simply known as Poongsan (Yoon Kye-sang) - from the brand of North Korean cigarettes he smokes - makes regular trips across the Korean DMZ, smuggling everything from people to antiques. No one knows whether he is from the North or the South, though from his commando-like abilities he is obviously highly trained. He makes contact with clients via a makeshift memorial-cum-bulletin board for divided families along the DMZ. On one mission he smuggles an antique, as well as a young boy, from North to South; when the smugglers are caught by the police, the South's National Intelligence Service becomes aware of Poongsan's existence. They contract him to bring a young woman, In-ok (Kim Gyu-ri), from Pyongyang to her lover (Kim Jong-soo), a high-ranking North Korean official who recently defected and is still guarded by NIS agents. The arrogant official, who is paranoid about being assassinated, has been holding out on writing a report for the NIS until In-ok joins him. On the journey across the DMZ, In-ok accidentally sets off a mine that almost kills her and Poongsan, and also has to be revived by mouth-to-mouth resuscitation when she almost drowns. The mission is successful but In-ok has become attached to the man who saved her life. Suspicious that the two made love during the crossing, the official abuses In-ok after they are reunited and she expresses a desire to return to the North. Meanwhile, Poongsan is tortured by an NIS team leader (Choi Mu-seong) to find out whether he is a North Korean agent, but is rescued by the team leader's boss (Han Gi-jung). Poongsan is forced to rescue NIS agent Kim Yong-nam, who's been caught in the North and is under interrogation; in gratitude, and appalled by his own agency's methods, Kim later helps Poongsan escape from the NIS' control. But then Poongsan and In-ok are captured by North Korean agents in the South.[2]
Stardust	British	drama	Michael Apted	Following on from the events in the late 1950s/early 1960s of That'll Be the Day, the characters Jim Maclaine, Jeanette and J.D. have moved into the mid 1960s/early 1970s and the growing career of aspiring rock star MacLaine. MacLaine has assembled a group of musicians and formed the band the Stray Cats, he seeks out his old friend Mike to become the band’s road manager. Mike acquires a new van, accommodation and a recording session for the group. MacLaine soon becomes a massive star and is plunged into the centre of media attention. He indulges in casual sex and heavy drug use and the film documents the detrimental effects of this success on MacLaine and his relationship with his friends and colleagues. In particular, MacLaine’s long-standing friendship with manager Mike is now soured by money and success.
Anuraag	Bollywood	drama	Shakti Samanta	A blind sculptor, Shivani (Moushumi Chatterjee) stays in an ashram and makes friends with a small boy (Satyajit), who is suffering from cancer. She falls in love with Rajesh (Vinod Mehra). Rajesh asks his parents to permit him to marry her, to which his mother agrees, but his father refuses under her present condition. Then, an eye specialist reveals that an eye replacement would cure her. Later, as a dying wish, the young boy donates his eyes to her, thus granting her eyesight for the first time in her life.[3]
Australian Rules	Australian	drama	Paul Goldman	In the isolated and fictional South Australian fishing town of Prospect Bay, the only thing that connects the black and white communities is football. Gary Blacky Black (Nathan Phillips) and Dumby Red (Luke Carroll) are an exception; teenage best friends from different sides of the tracks. Dumby is the star of the football team and likely to become the next big Aboriginal star in the big leagues. Gary is the bookish son of hard-drinking and brutal white fisherman Bob Black (Simon Westaway). He is attracted to Dumby's beautiful sister, Clarence (Lisa Flanagan). Blacky's supportive mother helps him become a better player as he is chosen to be the ruckman in the teams upcoming grand final. Blacky has to overcome Thumper, the star player for the opposition. When gameday arrives Blacky at first struggles to make an impact on the game but Dumby inspires the team kicking several goals. When Dumby gets a mark near goals with the scores tied he hands it off to a team mate instead of taking the shot. The player kicks a point and Blacky has to run into Thumper to stop him from kicking the winning goal. Their team wins the premiership, but Dumby and Blacky's elation is short-lived. Dumby is passed over for the best-on-ground medal for the coach's son Simon Robertson. Dumby is disgusted and angered by the obvious racially motivated decision. Disgruntled, Dumby and his cousin Pretty (Tony Briggs) attempt to rob the bar where the celebrations were held, hoping to find the best-on-ground medal. After breaking into the bar, they meet the drunk owner, beat him into unconsciousness and proceed to the safe with the key found in his pocket. Bob, waking to find the owner unconscious with a head wound, heads to the office and loads a double-barrelled shotgun. Bob sneaks up behind Dumby and fires a shot into the figure in the darkness. Bob discovers he has killed Dumby. Pretty, who's been hiding behind the door, jumps him and points the gun at his neck. Pretty reveals himself by removing his makeshift balaclava. He doesn't shoot Bob but fires the remaining round into the ceiling and runs away into the darkness. Bob is questioned by police over the shooting but is let off on the grounds of self-defense. Blacky is devastated over Dumby's death and angrily tosses his premiership medal into the lake. Clarence and Blacky console each other and fall in love. Bob and the family are greeted with hostility and harassed by the local Aboriginals which only further fuels Bob's violent temper and bigotry. Clarence sneaks into Blacky's room one night and they make love. The next morning Bob discovers them in bed and beats Blacky. He racially insults Clarence and throws her out. Fed up with his father, Blacky leaves. Blacky meets with Dumby's family and attends his funeral. He aqquires the best on ground medal and places it in Dumby's casket. After returning home he is confronted by Bob and is told he is no longer welcome in his house due to his relationship with Clarence. Blacky defiantly stands still even after Bob punches him repeatedly. Defeated and exhausted, Bob leaves the family never to come back. The football team is disbanded as no Aboriginal players show up to training or games. The film ends with Blacky and Clarence jumping into the lake and swimming in the water.
Giro City	British	drama	Karl Francis	A team of reporters come up against censorship when they pursue a story.
Blush	Chinese	drama	Li Shaohong	Blush takes place in the 1950s during a campaign by the new Communist government in China designed to re-educate prostitutes to become contributing members of society. Two such prostitutes, Xiao'e (He Saifei) and Qiuyi (Wang Ji), have recently been sent to a re-education camp by the People's Liberation Army. Rebelling against her new life of uniforms and forced re-education, Qiuyi escapes and becomes a kept woman for Laopu (Wang Zhiwen) When Qiuyi becomes pregnant, she seeks refuge in a Buddhist temple but is cast out when the nuns discover her pregnancy - soon after, the baby miscarries. Left in the training camp, Xiao'e undergoes her ideological re-education and emerges from her ordeal as a factory worker. Detesting physical labor, she goes on to marry Laopu and has a child with him, forcing him to steal money from work. When Laopu is caught, he is sentenced to death, and Xiao'e abandons him and her child to remarry. As the film ends, Xiao'E's child is adopted by Qiuyi, who had gone on to marry a simple old teahouse owner.
Pyar Ki Kahani	Bollywood	drama	Ravikant Nagaich	Although well qualified, Ram Chand (Amitabh Bachchan) is unable to obtain suitable employment, and works as a peon in an organization. One day, he meets with Ravi Chand, who is on the verge of committing suicide, he counsels him against this, as well as permitting him to live with him. Ravi gets employed in the same office as Ram, albeit as a Manager, and falls in love and marries a co-worker named Lata (Farida Jalal). Ram's parents would like him to get married too, and he goes to see them and meets his bride-to-be, Kusum Sharma (Tanuja). Ram sends a photograph of Kusum for approval to Ravi and Lata, and is disappointed to learn that Ravi does not approve of Kusum. When Ram attempts to find out the reason behind his disapproval, Ravi gives very elusive responses, and Ram takes it upon himself to find out why Ravi disapproves of Kusum so much. It is then Ram will come to know of the shocking truth behind the relationship between Kusum and Ravi, and about Kusum's reputation.
Chelsea Life	British	drama	Sidney Morgan	A painter passes off another artist's work as his own and mixes in high society.
Crow Hollow	British	drama	Michael McCarthy	A young woman Ann, falls in love with and marries Doctor Robert Bob Amour. She goes to live with him on his family estate, Crow Hollow with his eccentric three aunts - who he is obliged to provide a home for as a condition of ownership of the estate. She becomes increasingly concerned about incidents and the behaviour of his three aunts and an attractive young maid, Willow. On one occasion a large poisonous spider jumps on her from a box whilst her hair is being made, on another she becomes suddenly and seriously ill immediately after eating some bitter tasting soup served her by Judith, one of the aunts. She becomes convinced that somebody is trying to kill her, and as her husband refuses to live anywhere else: bribing the maid with a gift of clothes, slips out of the house with a suitcase intending to leave by train. She is met before boarding the train by a friend, who persuades her to return home - entering her own bedroom, she finds the maid dead - stabbed in the back whilst sat at the dressing table wearing the dress Ann had just given her. Police come to the house and quiz Ann. They are suspicious that Ann's belief that she was the intended victim is untrue because, despite the dress, she and the maid had different hair colours. An old rumour is mentioned that the maid, who had been adopted locally, was the child of a gardener at Crow Hollow. The police prohibit anybody - save Robert on professional calls - from leaving Crow Hollow whilst the murder is investigated. Ann and Robert form a theory that Willow had been wearing a hat at the dressing table, concealing the colour of her hair, confirming in their minds that Ann had been the intended victim. To assure Ann, Dianna, her friend comes to stay in the house. Judith tells Robert that there is a phone call calling him out to a medical case. Ann realizes that the phone had not rung and stops him from leaving. Aunt Opal tries to serve her coffee whilst they discuss Ann's suspicions - Ann refuses to drink it, believing the coffee poisoned. Robert is about to drink it, but changes his mind. In the subsequent argument, Opal admits that she had killed Willow inadvertently - her illegitimate daughter, meaning to kill Ann. Her plan had been that Robert would marry Willow, keeping Crow Hollow fully in the family. Robert takes Ann from the room saying that they are going to call the police. Opal picks up the cup of poisoned coffee and drinks it - Robert saying to his wife outside the door it's better this way. Later, when things have settled down, Robert is about to apply for a hospital doctor's post elsewhere, when Ann tears up the application, saying she is happy at Crow Hollow and wishes to stay.
The Last of the Knucklemen	Australian	drama	Tim Burstall	The story involves a gang of rough miners. Tom (Peter Hehir) turns up at the mine looking for a place to hide. He allies himself with the mining foreman Tarzan (Gerard Kennedy) before the big fight.
Do Boond Pani	Bollywood	drama	Khwaja Ahmad Abbas	Ganga Singh (Jalal Agha), newly married to Gauri (Simi Garewal), brings his wife to his village where he lives with his father Hari Singh (Sajjan), and sister Sonki (Madhu Chanda). The village is suffering from drought and villagers have to travel a long distance to get water. Ganga Singh hears of a dam being constructed and leaves his wife to join in the building of it. His family goes through misfortunes, with his father dying and his sister being raped by the dacoit Mangal Singh. Ganga himself dies preventing a disaster at the dam. The dam is eventually built bringing greenery to an arid region. His wife bears a son and lives on in the village.
Naukar Biwi Ka	Bollywood	drama	Rajkumar Kohli	Inspector Amar Nath apprehends and arrests a notorious gangster who goes by different aliases (Deshbandhu Jagannath, Pinto, Abdul Karim), and gets him sentenced to prison for several years. Amar, who comes from a wealthy family, defies his father, Jagirdar Bishamber Nath, and marries a poor but pretty woman, Sheela Sharma (Neeta Mehta). He is asked to leave the family home. Amar and Sheela settle elsewhere and soon are the proud parents of a daughter, Jyoti. They meet with the parents of young Deepak Kumar and arrange a child-marriage of their daughter with Deepak. Pinto escapes from prison, hunts down Amar and Sheela, and kills them. Luckily, a loyal employee and chauffeur, Abdul, saves their daughter's life. He takes her to Jagirdar, who accepts her with tears in his eyes. Years later, Deepak and Jyoti have grown up. While Jyoti still lives with her wealthy grandpa, Deepak's dad has died, leaving his widow destitute. When she goes to confirm their marriage, Jyoti shuns and humiliates her. This enrages Deepak and he hits Jyoti's friend and she gives a tight slap to Deepak who then vows to make Jyoti apologize to his mother, as well as confirm their marriage. But Jyoti is already in love with wealthy Raman, and Deepak meets a famous Bollywood actress, Sandhya, who falls in love with him.Jyoti after slapping Deepak twice for teasing her to marry Sandhya expresses her love. What will happen to the promise he made to his mother? The story has similarities with Manchali and deals with an arrogant spoiled girl hiring a person to act as her husband, so that she can get her grandfather to back off. Subsequently it is about how the hired husband makes the girl come around to falling in love with him. Guest appearances were made by Rishi Kapoor and Danny Denzongpa.
If These Walls Could Talk	American	drama	Nancy Savoca, Cher	The 1952 segment deals with Claire Donnelly (Demi Moore), a widowed nurse living in suburban Chicago, who becomes pregnant by her brother-in-law (Jason London) and decides to undergo abortion in order not to hurt her late husband's family. However, abortion at the time is strictly illegal. Claire eventually finds another nurse (C. C. H. Pounder) who provides her the phone number of a woman who can find her someone to perform the abortion. The woman on the phone tells Claire that the only trustworthy abortionist she knows is located in Puerto Rico, and Claire cannot afford the travel costs. After a failed attempt to end her pregnancy with a knitting needle, Claire eventually contacts a man who comes to her home and performs a clandestine procedure on her while she lies on top of a kitchen table. Claire finally manages to abort, but dies shortly afterwards due to hemorrhage. The 1974 segment deals with Barbara Barrows (Sissy Spacek), a struggling and aging mother with four children and a policeman husband who works the night shift, who discovers she must welcome another addition to the family, despite having recently gone back to college. She considers abortion with the support of her teenage daughter (Hedy Burress) but ultimately chooses to keep the child. The 1996 segment deals with Christine Cullen (Anne Heche), a college student who got pregnant by a married professor, decides on an abortion when he breaks up with her and only offers her money. After consulting with her roommate (Jada Pinkett), she makes an appointment with Dr. Beth Thompson (Cher). However, the abortion takes place during a violent protest, and an anti-abortion protester (Matthew Lillard) walks in on the operation and shoots Dr. Thompson.
Charulata 2011	Bengali	drama	Agnidev Chatterjee	Chaiti is a young beautiful woman and wife of newspaper editor Bikramjit. Bikramjit is a workaholic and always stay busy with his editorial works. In spite of being a highly educated woman, Chaiti has nothing to do and she spends her time with expensive saris, filing nails, watching TV. Thus unhappy with her marriage and after an unfortunate miscarriage Chaiti befriends Amal to find a friendly company. Amal is good looking and adventurous. From Amal's point of view Chaiti is Charulata 2011[2]
Article 99	American	drama	Howard Deutch	Pat Travis (Troy Evans) is a Vietnam war veteran who needs a triple bypass heart surgery, and thus heads off to the government-funded Monument Heights Veterans' Hospital in Washington D.C. However, as he gets there, he meets a hospital in complete chaos, riddled with lethargic, insidious bureaucracy and unable to accommodate new patients due to the government's 'creeping cutback' policy. There, he meets wiseguy veterans Luther Jerome (Keith David), who introduces him to the hospital's hectic situation, and 'Shooter' Polaski (Leo Burmester), who shortly drives through the hospital's entrance and starts a shooting rampage with his M16 after being issued an Article 99 form - which states the hospital finds the patient eligible, but can't be treated immediately as the supposed ailment is not combat-related. The hospital is managed by the by-the-book bureaucrat Executive Director, Dr. Henry Dreyfoos (John Mahoney), who is determined to uphold the government's policies by any means, to the point of directly cutting patient's acceptance rates by half and instituting rigorous dressing codes and supply upkeeping regulations. He's backed up by Chief of Medicine Leo Krutz (Jeffrey Tambor) and Chief Nurse Amelia Sturdeyvant (Julie Bovasso), who follow and back-up Dreyfoos' policies, fearing for their jobs. Dreyfoos greatest opposition comes from the hospital's ER team led by surgeon Dr. Richard Sturgess (Ray Liotta), who has no qualms in exposing Dreyfoos' politicking to the press when he has the opportunity (Mostly thanks to his friend Luther) and performing illegal midnight hospital supply thefts called 'midnight requisitions' to be able to properly perform surgeries. Dreyfoos is aware of Sturgess' activities, but can't prosecute him as he can't gather evidence. Sturgess' team is shortly joined by Dr. Peter Morgan (Kiefer Sutherland), who plans to work temporarily in the hospital before starting private practice. He's eventually instructed by Sturgess and his colleagues Ruby Bobrick (John C. McGinley), Sid Handleman (Forest Whitaker) and Robin Van Dorn (Lea Thompson) and constantly monitored by Nurse White (Lynne Thigpen). His 'potential' after failing to attend to Travis' heart attack and causing a ruptured artery has Sturgess trying to convince him to join the team and also fight Dreyfoos' administration, but Morgan refuses, fearful their wrongdoings will eventually influence his medicine career. Meanwhile, Morgan also meets World War II veteran Sam Abrams (Eli Wallach), considered by the hospital a 'gomer', a person that can't be admitted even with critical condition and has constantly to be moved and kept from administration so he won't be dismissed until he can be cured. Abrams' sharing of experiences with Morgan has the newcomer doctor slowly start caring for him and start disagreeing to several of the hospital's conditions, especially that he can't properly accommodate the veteran and has to use old diagnoses to repeat needless exams. Morgan also starts a relationship with Robin while Sturgess does so with psychologist Diana Walton (Kathy Baker), equally a by-the-book character that slowly starts opening up to Sturgess shortly after Polaski's incident. Morgan learns, through overhearing Dreyfoos' conversation through the phone, a new shipment of cardiac surgery tools is stored in the Pathology department and relays it to Sturgess, who performs a 'midnight requisition' to get them. Unfortunately, this was an elaborate trap set by Dreyfoos, who films the theft and blackmails Sturgess into voluntary suspension and declaration of guilt when charges are brought up, in exchange for the tape and a written declaration sparing both Bobrick and Handleman. Sturgess falls apart while Walton backs him up, committed on not giving up on him. Shortly after, Abrams himself passes away and this affects Morgan heavily, feeling he failed him and starting to take charge. Morgan eventually finds Dreyfoos' tape and, infuriated he was used as bait, declares open rebellion against Dreyfoos, getting himself suspended. Morgan arranges for Sturgess to return to the hospital and both, along with Luther and the veterans, start planning a hostile takeover to properly attend the patients without the administration's interference. The veterans successfully lock the security guards outside while Dreyfoos is away, and Luther, armed with Polaski's M16, keeps the guards away while the police, despite being pressured, can't remove the blocking veterans as the hospital is under federal jurisdiction, much to Dreyfoos' chagrin. It doesn't take long before the press arrives and this catches attention of the FBI and the Inspector General (Noble Willingham), who hastily travels to assess the situation. The Inspector General attempts negotiating with Luther, but he stands his ground as the veterans unfurl a massive banner in the hospital written 'No Surrender'. The FBI prepares to break into the hospital and retake it by force, cutting off the power supply and issuing a final warning. Sturgess, who starts Travis' triple bypass surgery after he's in critical condition, leaves Morgan in charge as he convinces Luther to lay down resistance and reopen the hospital, much to the Inspector General's shock. He and Dreyfoos enter the building and attempt to interrupt Travis' surgery and have Morgan arrested, but Morgan stands his ground. Dreyfoos tries insisting on the arrest, but the Inspector General, revealed to have been a Vietnam war veteran and acknowledging the situation the hospital is facing, spares Morgan and puts Dreyfoos under a congressional hearing, suspending him from the hospital management and terminating his bureaucratic career. Morgan decides to become a permanent resident in Monument Heights as no prosecutions are made and Travis is saved. Victory is sadly short-lived, as Dreyfoos' unnamed replacement decides to upkeep Dreyfoos' previous policies. Morgan and Sturgess decide to join up and make their stand against the 'new' administration.
Mr. Destiny	American	drama	James Orr	The story begins on the strangest day of Larry Burrows' (James Belushi) life (his 35th birthday) consisting of a series of comic and dramatic misadventures. Larry, who blames all of his life's problems on the fact that he struck out during a key moment of his state high school baseball championship game on his 15th birthday, wishes he had done things differently. His wish is granted by a guardian angel-like figure named Mike (Michael Caine), who appears at various times as a bartender, a cab driver, and so on. Larry soon discovers that Mike has transferred Larry into an alternative reality in which he had won the pivotal high school game. He now finds himself rich and (within his company) powerful, and married to the boss's (Bill McCutcheon) sexy daughter Cindy Jo Bumpers (Rene Russo). At first, his new life seems perfect, but he soon begins to miss his best friend Clip Metzler (Jon Lovitz) and wife Ellen (Linda Hamilton) from his previous life; he also discovers that his alternative self has created many enemies, like Jewel Jagger (Courteney Cox), and as Larry's problems multiply, he finds himself wishing to be put back into his old life. The story begins with Larry's car, an old Ford LTD station wagon, stalled out in a dark alley. Suddenly the pink lights of The Universal Joint, a bar, come on. Larry goes inside to call a tow truck, and tells bartender Mike his troubles. He reviews the day he just had, which ended with his getting fired after discovering his department head Niles Pender's (Hart Bochner) scheme to sell the company under the nose of its owners to a group of naive Japanese investors. He tells Mike that he wishes he'd hit that last pitch out of the park, after which Mike fixes him a drink called The Spilt Milk. The Spilt Milk was a drink that gave him his wish that he hit that home run in that championship game. Larry leaves the bar, walks home (his car apparently towed) and discovers someone else living in his house, which is now fixed up (previously his yard and driveway were muddy and unfinished). Mike appears as a cab driver and drives him to his new home, a mansion in Forest Hills, explaining that he did in fact hit the last pitch and won the game. He soon discovers that Cindy Jo is his wife and he's the president of his company, Liberty Republic Sporting Goods. Being a classic car buff, he's shocked to find that he owns a collection of priceless antique automobiles. Larry soon discovers that Clip has a low-level job in the accounting department and is quite insecure, as opposed to the jokester he was before. Ellen is shop steward (in both realities) and is married to another man. Jewel, a forklift operator in the previous reality, is now Larry's mistress and his secretary. Ellen hates Larry and he discovers that the union is threatening a walkout due to massive layoffs and increased production, since Niles is selling Liberty Republic in both realities. Seeing Ellen, he realizes how much he misses her and agrees to all the union's demands, providing Ellen agrees to dinner at his favorite restaurant. She reluctantly agrees, and Larry eventually convinces her that they were married in a previous life. After discovering that Larry has agreed to union demands, Niles takes revenge, by telling both Cindy Jo and Jewel of Larry's dinner date with Ellen. He then plots to kill Larry at the office that night. However, company owner Leo Hansen arrives to deliver a note to Larry, announcing his termination, and Niles kills him by mistake. Discovering the note, Niles calls the police who attempt to arrest Larry for Leo's murder. Larry escapes while jealous Jewel creates pandemonium outside in her attempts to shoot him (and shoots out a number of police cars in the process), leading to a police chase. Larry is eventually cornered in a dark alley, but the pink glow of The Universal Joint comes on and he runs into the bar. Unable to find Mike, Larry attempts to make the Spilt Milk himself, the ingredients clearly aged. The flashing lights of the police cars appear and Larry surrenders, but instead of cops, a tow truck driver named Duncan enters (the police car lights now tow truck lights). Confused at first, Larry sees Mike back behind the bar and realizes he's back in his old life. Larry thanks Mike for everything and, upon exiting the bar, suddenly realizes that the deal with the Japanese investors is happening shortly. Driven by Duncan to company headquarters, Larry barges into the boardroom, decks Niles and exposes his scheme just as Leo is about to sign the deal. Thinking everyone forgot his birthday, Larry returns home (which still has the muddy driveway and lawn) to a surprise party with his family and friends in attendance. Soon after, Cindy Jo and her husband Jackie Earle (Jay O. Sanders), the company president, arrive. Jackie offers Niles' job to Larry, plus a company car, a new Mercedes, and he accepts. Back in the past, young Larry is about to leave the stadium, still upset about the loss, when he's approached by a mysterious stranger (Mike) who reassures him that everything will be all right. Larry thanks him for the reassurance, but walks off wondering who Mike thinks he's kidding.
Bin Phere Hum Tere	Bollywood	drama	Rajat Rakshit	Jamuna lives a poor lifestyle in Gangapur with her widowed step-mother. She is of marriageable age, but instead of getting her married, she is sold to her maternal uncle, Mukand Bihari, who, in turn, sells her to a brothel madame, Telanbai, where Jamuna is confined and forced to dance and sing against her will. She does manage to escape one day, and comes to the rescue of two runaway twins, Raju and Debu, and takes them to Bandra, Bombay, to their cancer-ridden father, Jagdish Sharma. Jagdish and Jamuna are attracted to each other, and both believe to be each other's spouses, even though no formal marriage is performed. Jamuna continues to look after the twins even after Jagdish passes away, and endures many difficulties raising them. Years later, the twins have grown up, while Raju is employed in a factory, Debu is a doctor. Raju has fallen in love with his boss' daughter, Shikha, while Debu is in love with Kiran. Jamuna meets both girls and approves of them. Then her past comes to pay her a nasty visit when she comes face to face with one of her patrons, Jagmohan, none other than Shikha's dad, on one hand, and Telanbai - who is Kiran's mother. Struggling to hold her own against these odds, Jamuna must now also come to terms with other life-changing decisions - including death and subsequent deception - decisions that she may end regretting for the rest of her life.
Mommo	Turkish	drama	Atalay Tasdiken	Two young siblings, Ahmet and Ayse, find refuge with their grandfather after their mother dies and their father’s new wife rejects them. The old man however is not able to care for them and finally has to take the children apart. This simple, poignant tale of a village, and the relationship between a brother and sister, portrays very gritty living circumstances in rural Anatolia.
Encore	British	drama	Pat Jackson, Harold French, Anthony Pelissier	Idle Tom Ramsay (Nigel Patrick) continually borrows from his hard-working brother George (Roland Culver). George later puts up the Ramsay estate for sale so he can buy out his business partner, despite Tom's protests. Shortly afterwards, George is approached by car dealer Philip Cronshaw (Peter Graves), who notifies him that Tom has stolen one of his automobiles. To avoid a scandal, George pays for it. However, it was a fraud; Cronshaw and Tom split George's money. While squandering his ill-gotten funds, Tom discovers that Gertrude Wilmot (Margaret Vyner), the third richest woman in the world, is staying at the same seaside resort. He becomes acquainted with her, then (aware that she is fed up with lying admirers) frankly admits that he is a scoundrel attracted to her great wealth. Surprisingly, this approach works and they become engaged. Tom pays George back for all the money he took over the years. When George complains about the injustice of Tom not having to work for his good fortune, Tom mentions that Gertrude is buying the family estate. English spinster Molly Reid (Kay Walsh) takes a sea cruise to Jamaica. To the annoyance of the other passengers and the crew, she talks non-stop on the outbound voyage. When the captain (Noel Purcell) learns that she will be returning on the same ship, he decides that something must be done to save the sanity of the crew. The ship's doctor (Ronald Squire) suggests setting her up with a suitor. Pierre (Jacques François), the steward, is ordered to keep Molly occupied. The plan works; the crew's ears are spared, though Molly tells Pierre that she knows he is not in love with her. When disembarking from the ship, Molly tells the captain and crew that she knew all along that the romance had been arranged. In Monte Carlo, Stella (Glynis Johns) and Syd Cotman (Terence Morgan) have a very successful nightclub act. She dives from a great height into a small, shallow tank of water. However, a visit by Flora (Mary Merrall) and Carlo Penezzi (Martin Miller) unnerves her. The older Penezzis used to have a similarly dangerous act: Flora was shot out of a cannon. Stella and Syd argue when she refuses to dive a second time each night, forcing Syd to change their contract with the nightclub manager. In desperation, Stella takes their life savings, and attempts to win enough at the gambling tables so she can quit, but loses everything. Syd is infuriated when he finds out. With no choice, she goes on with the act, even though she is terrified that she will eventually be killed. When Flora tells Syd how frightened his wife is, he rushes up the tower to stop her. But she, seeing his concern, dives safely into the tank.
The Clairvoyant	British	drama	Maurice Elvey	Maximus (Claude Rains), King of the Mind Readers, performs an English music hall mind-reading act with the help of his wife, Rene (Fay Wray), using a secret code. One night, he sees the beautiful Christine Shawn (Jane Baxter) in the audience, and his act becomes reality. He is able to tell what is in a sealed letter without Rene's assistance. Maximus doesn't think much of it, until he and Christine meet by chance on a train and he foresees an impending crash. He pulls the emergency cord to stop the train, but nobody believes him. He, his family and Christine disembark, and a few minutes later the train crashes. Christine tells her father, who owns a newspaper. He publishes the story, making Maximus famous. Maximus realizes that his power only works when Christine is near. As they spend more time together, Christine falls in love with him and Rene becomes jealous. Maximus' mother (Mary Clare) believes that no good can come of this new gift, but Maximus pays little attention, enjoying his well-paid success. Another of his well-publicized predictions comes true: a 100-to-1 long shot wins The Derby. He chooses to ignore his own prophecy of his mother's death; when it comes true, he is so distraught that he decides to follow her wishes and abandon his ability. He feels compelled to act, however, when he foresees a great mining disaster. He is unable to convince the mining company to evacuate the mine. When the disaster occurs, hundreds are killed and more are missing and presumed dead. He is publicly accused of causing the accident and is brought to trial. The prosecution claims that Maximus himself caused both tragedies, by delaying the train and by panicking the miners into making a mistake. Maximus predicts in the courtroom that the missing miners will be found alive. When this becomes true, he is released. Maximus decides to give up his gift and he and Rene slip away into obscurity.
Guns at Batasi	British	drama	John Guillermin	A group of veteran British sergeants, headed by an ultra-correct Regimental Sergeant Major (Richard Attenborough), is caught between two dissident factions in an unnamed newly created African state (most likely Kenya, since the character of RSM Lauderdale mentions that the Turkana people live in the north, which is where they live in Kenya. The African soldiers also speak amongst themselves in Kiswahili, the lingua franca of the region). The story neatly exposes the feelings of the professional NCOs, their officers and the African soldiers and officers, who are still painfully new to both guns and political slogans. When the post-colonial government of the unnamed African country is overthrown by a populist uprising, troops loyal to the new administration take over the barracks, arrest the commanding officer and seize weapons. With the British NCOs cut off in the Sergeants' mess during the mutiny, the action boils down to the initiative and confusion of the griping, duty-hardened British soldiers in defending Captain Abraham (Earl Cameron) (a wounded African officer), and themselves, against the mutineers. The mess situation is further complicated by having to temporarily accommodate Miss Barker-Wise, a female British MP (Flora Robson) and Karen Eriksson, a UN secretary (Mia Farrow), the latter providing some love interest. Eventually the minor action comes to an anti-climactic end when the country's new administration allows the senior British officers to return to the barracks at Batasi and end the siege, but not before the RSM and a private involve themselves in some 'action' -- the destruction of two Bofors guns Lieutenant Boniface had brought out to threaten the Sergeants' mess. The film concludes with the news that a new government is in power. The film illustrates an erupting new world where the so-called common man, both black and white, no longer has a clear idea of the realpolitik due to the social revolutions in a post-colonial world.
Anhonee	Bollywood	drama	Ravi Tandon	After the tragic death of her dad, Dr. Rekha continues to live with her step-mother in Bombay, where she runs a mental institution. While traveling by train one night, they are accosted by a knife-wielding escaped mental patient, Sunil, whose aggression is calmed by Rekha. She gets him admitted into her hospital where he is put under observation and treatment at the hands of Dr. Mathur and herself. He soon starts responding positively under their care, and is on his way to recovery. Once, he saves Rekha from being molested in a parking lot, and this sparks romance between the two. All is set for the two to get engaged at a lavish party. It is at this party that Rekha will find out that Sunil is not who he claims to be, and subsequently Sunil will also find out that Rekha has a dark secret in her recent past - a secret for which she is being blackmailed by a man named Tiger - and a secret that may well expose her as a murderess.
Kids	American	drama	Larry Clark	Telly and a 12-year-old girl are making out on a bed. With no adults around, Telly, who is slightly older, persuades the girl, who is a virgin, to have sex with him. Afterwards, he meets his friend, Casper, and they talk about his sexual experience. Telly has taken to only having sex with virgins. They go inside a local store, where Casper shoplifts a bottle of malt liquor as Telly distracts the cashier. Looking for drugs, food, and a place to hang out, they head to their friend Paul's apartment, though they express dislike of him on the way there. They arrive at Paul's house, talk about sex and smoke marijuana while watching a skate video. Casper inhales nitrous oxide out of balloons, which Telly considers dangerous. A group of girls, among them Ruby and Jennie, are talking about sex. Ruby and Jennie mention that they were recently tested for STDs at Ruby's request, though Jennie only got tested to keep Ruby company. Ruby's test is negative, though she has had multiple sexual encounters, many of them unprotected. Jennie tests positive for HIV. She says she has had sex only once, with Telly. Jennie spends the rest of the day trying to find Telly, to prevent him from passing it on. Telly and Casper walk to Telly's house and steal money from Telly's mother, who is preoccupied with taking care of her new baby. They go to Washington Square Park and buy a dime bag of marijuana from a Rastafari. They then meet up with a few friends to talk and smoke, one of whom gives a blunt-rolling tutorial. As they do, Casper and many others taunt a gay couple passing through the park. On the side, Telly briefly talks to Misha, a girl who strongly dislikes Casper, calling him a jerk. As Casper rides on a skateboard, he carelessly bumps into a man, who furiously threatens him. He pushes Casper, but is struck in the back of the head with a skateboard by Harold, causing him to collapse. A number of other skaters join in, beating, stomping, and hitting the man with their skateboards until he is rendered unconscious by a final blow to the head by Casper. While discussing whether or not they killed the man at the park, Telly and some of the group pick up a 13-year-old girl named Darcy, the virginal younger sister of an acquaintance, whom Telly wants to have sex with. He convinces her to go with them to a pool. The other girls engage in kissing and flirtation, but Darcy is restrained. Telly and the group go to an unsupervised party at the house of another friend, Steven. Meanwhile, Jennie makes her way to Washington Square Park. Here, she talks to Misha, who tells her about Telly's possible whereabouts. Jennie goes to a rave club called NASA trying to find Telly. She runs into Fidget, a raver boy, who shoves a pill into her mouth, which he says is supposed to make Special K look weak. It turns out to be a depressant. The pill kicks in and Jennie eventually finds out that Telly is at the party at Steven's house. Jennie arrives at the party only to learn she is too late, as she discovers Telly having sex with Darcy. Emotionally drained and the drug still affecting her, Jennie cries and passes out on a couch among the other sleeping partygoers. A drunken Casper proceeds to rape Jennie as she sleeps. First thing the next morning, Casper is drinking liquor and says Jesus Christ, what happened?
The Rainbow	British	drama	Ken Russell	Set during the final years of England's Victorian era, Ursula Brangwen is the eldest of several children of wealthy Derbyshire farmer Will Brangwen and his wife Anna. Ursula, since age 3, has a fascination with rainbows and after one rainstorm, she runs off with a suitcase hoping to look for a pot of gold at the end of it. Will tries to ease her fascination by making her peanut butter and jam sandwiches with several spreads of different flavoured jam resembling a rainbow. During her teenage years, Ursula falls into a same sex romance with her older swimming and gym teacher Winifred Inger, while at the same time, Ursula also begins having romantic feelings for Anton Skrebensky, a student at the nearby boys high school who plans to enlist in the Army after graduation. Ursula and Winifred spend romantic weekends together at Winifred's house as well as hiking in the hills around the area. Winifred introduces Ursula to an artist friend of hers whom encourages Ursula to model in the nude for his paintings, and when the artist, Mac, makes sexual advances towards Ursula and refuses to pay her for her modeling, she walks out. One weekend, Ursula brings along Winifred as her chaperone when she visits her father's wealthy older brother, Uncle Henry, who becomes smitten with Winifred and, after a short courtship, proposes marriage to her. Winifred accepts which creates jealousy in Ursula. Feeling abandoned and alone after Winifred leaves her to marry Uncle Henry, and Anton goes off to fight in the Second Boer War in South Africa, Ursula decides to restart her life by becoming a school teacher. After graduation from high school, Ursula moves to London where she takes a job as a schoolmarm at a poor elementary school in the East End where she becomes quickly appalled by the lack of discipline and hygiene among the impoverished children she is forced to teach (many of whom are illiterate child laborers). She also fends off sexual advances by the lecherous headmaster of the school, who uses physical discipline to settle unruly students. Ursula initially refuses to go to that level of physical punishment for her class. But after being provoked a few too many times by one belligerent boy who uses a slingshot to pelt her with small stones, Ursula finally loses her temper and violently beats the child with a cane in full view of the class and school staff. While her violent outburst actually works to pacify her students, and makes the headmaster not to make anymore inappropriate passes at her, Ursula is guilt-ridden by her own actions and as a result, she quits her job when the school year ends. Returning to her family farm a year-and-a-half later in the spring of 1901, Ursula is reunited with Anton who is back from war and wants to rekindle a romance with her. After having a casual reunion with Winifred, who is now married to Uncle Henry and now has a baby, Ursula decides to consummate her romance with Anton. At the same time, Ursula also begins working with a local miners union to help out unprivileged workers with salary and securities. When she learns that she may be pregnant, Anton proposes marriage to her, but she turns him down, wanting to follow her own path in life. After Anton leaves her for good, Ursula is attacked while walking home alone by two mine workers who attempt to rape her, but she escapes and spends most of the day hiding out in a rain-soaked forest, but she makes it back to her farm. There she finds a telegram from Anton who informs her that he had gotten married to another woman and has left the country with her for a military post in India. After a heartfelt talk with her father about life and what path it leads in life, Ursula decides to start all over again. In the final scene, Ursula packs a suitcase and runs out of her house to chase another large rainbow that appears after a storm, just like her younger self used to.
Serena	American	drama	Susanne Bier	In Depression-era North Carolina, George Pemberton (Bradley Cooper) is an ambitious timber baron who meets Serena Shaw (Jennifer Lawrence), a young woman with a sad past. He falls in love with her, they marry, and Serena comes with George to his land. There, she starts taking control of things, pressuring and questioning George, while remaining affectionate towards him. George's business partner Buchanan feels threatened by her, as she begins to exceed his authority. Things grow worse between George and Buchanan, and Buchanan strikes a deal with the local sheriff, who wants to buy George's land to make a park. George is hurt by Buchanan's betrayal, and Serena convinces George that Buchanan was never his friend. The next day, they both go shooting alone from the group attempting to flush out a bear. After some snide remarks from Buchanan, George contemplates killing him only to hesitate and be seen by Buchanan. As Buchanan cocks his rifle, George fires first and shoots him in the chest. Campbell, George's worker, witnesses the murder, but denies it when Sheriff McDowell inquires. The death is ruled an accident. Serena consoles George and justifies his actions. One day, he sees his illegitimate son, Jacob, posing with his mother, Rachel, for a picture. He feels responsible for the boy, and since Rachel never asked for anything, he begins giving sums of money in envelopes to her for Jacob. Serena remains unaware of this, though she does consider Rachel and the baby a threat. One day, an accident occurs in the forest and Galloway, a mysterious worker, loses his hand to an axe swing. Serena rushes to help him and uses a belt as a tourniquet to stop the bleeding which saves his life. Having problems with her pregnancy, Serena and George rush to the hospital after Serena experiences heavy bleeding and pain. She miscarries. They learn that she can never again bear children. Things continue to grow worse, and Rachel's baby becomes more obvious to Serena. While Serena and George are away in the city, Campbell finds ledgers in the safe when he goes to collect the money for payday, and presents them to the Sheriff, preparing to testify that George has been giving bribes to the senator and that he saw George shoot Buchanan deliberately. The couple discover that Campbell has taken the ledgers, and realise that he could potentially ruin them. Galloway tells Serena that he knows where Campbell is, and then tells George that he knows where the panther is, leading George going out into the forest to hunt it. Galloway heads into town to find Campbell at a hotel, and retrieve the ledgers. Meanwhile, Serena discovers the picture of Rachel and her baby that George had hidden, discovers that George has been giving Rachel money, and is angered by this revelation. She scratches the baby's face from the photograph. Serena leaves with Galloway in the truck, telling George that she has some business to take care of. They head to Rachel's house, and when they don't find her there, they head for Widow Jenkin's house. Meanwhile, Vaughn calls the Sheriff, worried about Rachel and what Serena is planning to do, and the Sheriff heads to Widow Jenkin's house, where he finds her already dead. The Sheriff takes Rachel and her baby away. In the morning, the Sheriff heads to George's cabin and begins questioning him about the murder. The Sheriff reveals that Galloway killed Campbell, and that he suspects they also killed Widow Jenkins and are still after Rachel and her child. George asks Serena if she sent Galloway to kill them, and she tries to reassure him that it had to be done. George grows angry and storms out, and chokes Serena when she follows him out, almost killing her. He then drives off as Serena returns to the home. George goes to the Sheriff to turn himself in, only agreeing to do so after he tells George where Rachel and the baby are. George races off to try and save Rachel before Galloway gets to her. Galloway tracks Rachel to the train station, and she hides from him in one of the sheds. As the train approaches, George arrives and sees Galloway, who sees Rachel jump onto the train. George goes after them, and confronts Galloway. In the ensuing fight, George manages to get Galloway's knife and slit his throat. The next morning, George bids Rachel and the baby farewell, as they head off to go and live with Vaughn. George returns to the camp, and then sets off to hunt the panther. He spots it, and shoots it, though only wounds it at first. The panther leaps at him from behind, and manages to wound him fatally, though he manages to kill it with a hunting knife as he is dying. The Sheriff returns to the Pemberton cabin with George's body. Serena, having expected George to return, grows upset and does not go and identify his body. As the Sheriff leaves, Serena lies on the bed, and picks up a lighter. After staring at it for a few moments, she throws the lighter onto the floor and stays in the cabin as it burns.[5][6][7]
The Crooked Lady	British	drama	Leslie S. Hiscott	An ex army officer is forced to resort to a life of crime.[3]
The Hours and Times	American	drama	Christopher Münch	It is 1963 and John Lennon flies to Barcelona with The Beatles' manager Brian Epstein for a weekend of relaxation for John. On the flight over they meet air hostess Marianne. John flirts with her and gives her their hotel telephone number. John asks Brian about gay sex and says that he thinks about it sometimes, but is put off by the thought that it would be painful. They play cards and Brian tells John he is surprised that he brought that up, that he feels awkward about it, that the situation between them is hopeless. John tells him that he finds Brian charming but does not want to have sex with him. He is angry at the thought that everyone they know thinks they are having a sexual relationship. He goes to bed and receives a telephone call from his wife, Cynthia. She says that she misses him, and John says that he misses their son, Julian. John and Brian go to a gay bar and meet a Spanish man named Quinones. John invites him back to the hotel where the three of them have drinks. Quinones is gay but married. After some friendly conversation he leaves early. Brian is angry with John, calling Quinones a fascist, and saying that nothing matters because he cannot have the one thing he wants. He goes to bed and confides in Miguel, the hotel boy. He asks Miguel for oral sex but then says he is only joking. Later he talks to his mother on the telephone. The pair look around Barcelona and John takes photographs of Brian. They discuss, among other things, John’s relationship with Cynthia, which he does not like to talk to Brian about. John has a bath and plays the harmonica. Brian enters and sits on the bath. John asks him to scrub his back with a flannel, which Brian starts doing. John starts kissing Brian, who quickly undresses and gets into the bath. They kiss a little more, then John abruptly gets out of the bath and leaves the room. Brian finds him smoking in bed. John says he is not angry but can not put into words what he is thinking. The telephone rings, it is Marianne. John tells her to come up. Brian is angry, saying that he is tired of making allowances for people. Marianne arrives and Brian leaves. Marianne asks John why Brian is upset, and they argue. She says that she can see they care about each other but she thinks John torments Brian. She has brought a new Little Richard record, which they dance to. John asks Brian about his first time in Barcelona. Brian says he was sent there by his mother a couple of years previously following an incident where he had been robbed and blackmailed by a man he met for sex. Following the trial, Brian was forced to see a psychiatrist and his mother sent him to Spain. Two months later he met the Beatles. Brian tries to get John to promise to meet him in Barcelona in 10 years, no matter what they are doing. John agrees to at least remember the arrangement. Later, Brian lies awake in bed with John sleeping next to him. Brian remembers a time when he took John to his “special place”, the roof of his family’s shop and told John how special the time they spent together was to him. Later, Brian and John plan to go to a bull fight, and John hopes he will not be too squeamish for it.
High Flight	British	drama	John Gilling	A group of flight cadets arrive at RAF Cranwell to begin a three-year training course to become RAF pilots. Amongst the group is Tony Winchester (Kenneth Haigh) who makes a memorable entrance by landing his civilian Taylorcraft Auster aircraft with his girlfriend (Anne Aubrey) aboard on the RAF runway just ahead of a de Havilland Vampire jet trainer piloted by Wing Commander Rudge (Ray Milland). During the Second World War, Winchester's father had been Rudge's commanding officer and lost his life protecting Rudge who had disobeyed orders. Winchester is a difficult individual who harbours animosity towards Rudge over his father's wartime death. Another member of the aspiring pilots is the scientific minded Roger Endicott (Anthony Newley) who is also determined to create a working flying saucer. Endicott's flying radio controlled model develops difficulties as it literally crashes a Bishop's (Ian Fleming) tea party. Winchester doesn't learn the meaning of teamwork, and nearly loses his life when he disobeys orders, flying into a storm. Rudge demands his resignation but reconsiders, remembering his own rash behaviour had been the cause of the death of Winchester's father. Rudge ultimately selects Winchester to fly in a precision aerial team training for the Farnborough Airshow. When the squadron is temporarily posted to a forward base in West Germany, Winchester flies close to hostile territory near the East German border, and is nearly shot down by Communist anti-aircraft guns firing across the border. The wounded airman and his stricken aircraft are rescued by Rudge, who brings him back safely to a crash landing at his home base. Finally, Winchester is able to understand his true role in the RAF, and know that he is part of a team effort.
My Other Home	Chinese	drama	Unknown	Stephon Marbury, after his fall from grace in the National Basketball Association and subsequent depression, rediscovers himself in the Chinese Basketball Association. He also tries to rebuild the Beijing Ducks' dynasty.
Death Wish V: The Face of Death	American	drama	Allan Goldstein	Paul Kersey (Charles Bronson) returns to New York City, having assumed the name Paul Stewart under the witness protection program. He is invited by girlfriend Olivia Regent (Lesley-Anne Down) to a fashion show. Backstage, mobster Tommy O’Shea (Michael Parks) and his goons muscle in. Tommy threatens Olivia, who is his ex-wife and mother to their daughter Chelsea (Erica Lancaster). Olivia later informs Paul of her ex-husband's behavior after he finds bruises on her hand. Paul confronts him, but Tommy's henchman Chicki Paconi (Kevin Lund) pulls out a revolver at Paul. The confrontation ends with the arrival of Chelsea. D.A. Brian Hoyle (Saul Rubinek) and his associate Lt. Hector Vasquez (Miguel Sandoval) visit Paul's home. He informs them about Tommy O’Shea. Hoyle says they have been trying to nab Tommy for years, and he wants Olivia to testify. That night at a restaurant, Paul proposes to Olivia, who accepts. Olivia excuses herself to the bathroom and is attacked by Tommy’s associate, Freddie Flakes Garrity (Robert Joy), who bashes her head on a mirror, disfiguring her face. Freddie escapes, although Paul gets a look at him. At the hospital, Paul is told that even if Olivia will get reconstructive surgery, her face will never be the same. While there, he meets Lt. Mickey King (Kenneth Welsh) and his partner Janice Omori (Lisa Inouye), who are working on the O'Shea's case. During a failed bugging mission on the mob, Janice is killed by Freddie with his car. At the hospital, Lt. King warns Kersey not to go back to his old ways, before telling him that he has been working on the case for 16 years. Kersey says that's a long time to be failing. Paul and Olivia are attacked by Freddie and his henchmen, with Freddie shooting Olivia in the back, killing her as the couple tries to escape. Paul jumps from the roof of his apartment, where he lands in a pile of trash bags, and is retrieved by the police. Tommy is cleared of involvement in Olivia’s death and seeks custody of their daughter. Paul assaults Tommy, who leaves him unconscious. He decides to return to his vigilante ways and is assisted by Hoyle, who learns his department has been corrupted by Tommy. Paul poisons Chicki with a sugar-looking cyanide in his cannoli. He then kills Freddie by blowing him up with a remote-controlled soccer ball. Tommy finds out from an informant that Paul is the vigilante and will be going after him for killing Olivia. The informant, Hector Vasquez of the NYPD, tries to kill Paul himself, but Paul gets the upper hand and kills him. Fellow officer Hoyle arrives and finds out Tommy wants both him and Kersey dead. Hoyle tells Kersey he must never see him again, and Paul agrees. Tommy hires three thugs to take over Paul at the dress factory, using Chelsea as a bait, though she later manages to escape. Paul first faces the thugs and then Sal, another of Tommy's men, by shooting him into an industrial sewing machine. Paul picks up an empty bottle, smashes it, and cuts Tommy's face in retaliation for what he did to Olivia. Lt. King then arrives, but is wounded by Tommy. Armed with a shotgun, he corners Tommy and knocks him into an acid pool, where he disintegrates. King thanks Paul for saving his life. Paul goes to rejoin Chelsea, calling out to the injured King, Hey Lieutenant, if you need any help, give me a call.
Bent	British	drama	Sean Mathias	Max (Clive Owen) is a promiscuous gay man living in 1930s Berlin. He is at odds with his wealthy family because of his homosexuality. One evening, much to the resentment of his boyfriend, Rudy (Brian Webber II), Max brings home a handsome SA man (Nikolaj Coster-Waldau). Unfortunately, he does so on the Night of the Long Knives, when Hitler ordered the assassination of upper echelon SA corps. The Sturmabteilung man is discovered and killed by SS men in Max and Rudy's apartment, and the two have to flee Berlin. Max's Uncle Freddie (Ian McKellen) has organised new papers for Max, but Max refuses to leave his boyfriend behind. As a result, Max and Rudy are found and arrested by the Gestapo and put on a train headed for Dachau. On the train, Rudy is brutally beaten to death by the guards. As Rudy calls out to Max when he is taken away, Max lies to the guards, denying he is gay. In the camp, Max falls in love with Horst (Lothaire Bluteau), who shows him the dignity that lies in acknowledging one's beliefs. After Horst's death, Max finds the courage to be true to himself, and takes his own life.
The Man Upstairs	British	drama	Don Chaffey	Peter Watson, a tenant of an apartment block is troubled with pain and an inability to sleep. He repeatedly tries unsuccessfully to light the gas-fire that requires coins and seeks help from another lodger, artist Nicholas, who is spending the night with his model, and is reluctant to be disturbed. Another neighbour, Pollen calls for police help. The others in the boarding house are awake by this time, and Mrs. Barnes tries to help the mentally confused Watson but he also refuses her help. The police clash with Dr. Sanderson, a welfare worker, who thinks he can take the gun-toting Watson without complications, but when a police sergeant is injured, Police Inspector Thompson is determined to take Watson by force if necessary.
Free Man	Turkish	drama	Mehmet Tanrısever	Muslim Kurdish scholar Said Nursî passes through three phases, known to his followers as the Old Said, the New Said and the Third Said, during which time his writings, consisting of letters to his students about faith and religious philosophy, result in Risale-i Nur Collection, a body of Quranic commentary exceeding 6,000 pages.
Home at Hong Kong	Hong Kong	drama	King Hoi Lam	Alan Wong (Andy Lau) is a Hong Kong youth who is bent to climb up the social ladder. With the help of a foreign businessman's mistress and mixed ethnicity woman Erica (Carroll Gordon), he joins a real estate company and he knows how to grasp on to opportunities and gets into high position. Later he meets Cheung Ting Ting (Chu Hoi Ling), a Mainland Chinese girl who illegally came to Hong Kong and sees her pities her and also falls in love in her. When real estate falls into low tide, many foreign businessmen leaves Hong Kong while Alan and Erica refuses to immigrate overseas. Out of jealousy, Erica informs the police that Ting is an illegally immigrant and she suicides forever. Alan and Ting disguise as Vietnamese refugees to escape however Ting refuses to do this. Uncle Fu (Ku Feng), a watchman who always wished to die in his ancestry home loses his life while helping Ting escape. Another youth, Lee Kin Fai's (Newton Lai) girlfriend, due to her family's eagerness to immigrate, was married to a cabaret manager who helps her family to Hong Kong. Fai loses his self-esteem and loses sanity after being injured in a boxing match.
Dharam Veer	Bollywood	drama	Manmohan Desai	Maharani Meenakshi is a princess who, one day while out hunting is rescued from a handful of attackers by a hunter-warrior Jwala Singh (Pran), who lives alone in the jungle, accompanied only by his pet falcon, Sheroo. She offers him a reward for saving her life, but he only wants her hand in marriage, which he had been denied by her father. During the night, they are awoken by another tiger and Jwala goes to slay it. The tiger kills a villager and Jwala puts his poncho over him to cover his dead body. He wrestles with the tiger and they both fall over a cliff. The Princess sees the body of the dead villager and she thinks it is that of Jwala and goes into shock. Her father eventually marries her off into another royal family. Unbeknownst to Jwala, Meenakshi is pregnant by him. King Satpal Singh, Meenakshi's brother is told in a prophecy that he will be killed by his eldest nephew, Dharam. In order to prevent this, he pleads poverty and moves in with his sister. The Queen gives birth to a healthy baby boy. Satpal takes the baby, minutes after it is born and tosses it out of a window. Instead of falling to its death though, the baby is caught by Sheroo who flies him to his master. Jwala has been injured by a tiger and is being healed by a poor blacksmith and his wife. They are childless and are pleased when the bird brings the baby, believing it to be a gift. They explain what happened to Jwala when he awakes and he assents to them keeping the child and raising it as their own. In the meanwhile, we learn that the Queen gave birth to twins and Satpal only dealt with the firstborn. He is satisfied that the prophecy has been averted and now plans to help himself further by swapping his sister's baby with his own. Whilst he is asleep though, his wife swaps the children back. As the children grow up, Satpal mistreats his own child, who he believes to be the prince, and dotes on the prince whom he thinks is his own son. The twins grow up. The elder is called Dharam (Dharmendra) and grows up to be a blacksmith like his father. The younger, Veer (Jeetendra) is the crown prince. The boys become best friends and do not realize that this is because they are actually twin brothers. Dharam falls in love with a princess (Zeenat Aman), while Veer wins the heart of a gypsy girl, Rupa (Neetu Singh). They also meet Jwala Singh who is the master of swordsmanship. Jwala Singh teaches Dharam the skills of swordsmanship and as a result of Dharam also becomes a master swordsman. The training scenes were exceptional. Once the truth about his son is revealed to Satpal, he attempts to get rid of Veer. Before doing so, he realizes he must first break the bond between him and his staunchest supporter, Dharam. The Kingdom has an eye for an eye as the ultimate law. Dharam's father is accused of shoddily preparing a chariot wheel which caused a soldier to lose his hands. In reality, Satpal and his son Ranjeet sabotaged it. The Queen is forced to chop of Dharam's father's hands in retribution. Dharam vows never to forgive Veer for this. Satpal and his son then kill Dharam's mother and use one of the prince's royal arrows. Dharam finds this and accuses the prince of the murder. In retribution for the mother he has lost, Dharam demands the Queen become his mother. Although Veer strongly protests, the Queen submits, stating that she must be seen to uphold the law or no-one will. For this act, Veer begins to bitterly hate Dharam. Veer challenges Dharam to a duel and Dharam accepts. Satpal and his son know that in this duel, Dharam will kill Veer and they will get Dharam executed for Veer's murder. Whilst the boys are fighting, the poor blacksmith reveals the story of how Dharam came to him and his wife. He shows the Queen the cloth the baby was wrapped in. The queen realizes that this was, in fact, her own child who she believed to have been carried off by a falcon. She stops the fight just in time to stop the brothers from killing each other and reveals their relationship. Reunited, the brothers now face the challenge of disposing of the forces that Satpal Singh has gathered together. In the end, Satpal is killed by Dharam. The films special appeal is its grand and colorful sets, melodious music as well as its sharp screenplay and story line based in the medieval period.
Eddie and the Cruisers II: Eddie Lives!	American	drama	Jean-Claude Lord	Satin Records rejected rock and roll band Eddie and the Cruisers' last album A Season in Hell twenty years earlier. Now Satin launches an Eddie Lives! campaign to make more money off Eddie's image as a publicity stunt, despite their belief that Eddie is dead. The record label re-releases the band's first album, which becomes an even bigger hit than its first release. The lost recordings from A Season in Hell that were discovered in the previous film are released and become a major hit album. Eddie Wilson is actually alive. He slipped away from the car crash which supposedly caused his death and began a new life under an assumed name. He was disgusted by the music industry and decided to leave it behind. The newly generated spotlight on his supposed death angers the reclusive rocker, who now resides in Canada as construction worker Joe West. Eddie gets involved with a struggling bar band, and his passion for music—along with his desperate anger—resurface. He decides to confront Eddie's talents once and for all. Eddie (Joe West) challenges the bar band's talent, accepts an invitation to play and quickly dazzles the audience and the band's members. Eddie abruptly leaves the stage, disturbed by memories of Wendall Newton while Hilton plays a brief sax solo. Guitarist Rick Diesel pursues Eddie and badgers him about joining the band. Eddie finally begins to play again and the two circulate through Montreal's music scene, hand-picking musicians for a new band, Rock Solid. One of the recruits, saxophone player Hilton Overstreet, remarks at his audition that you can always identify a guitarist by the way he plays. His eyes widen when he hears Eddie on guitar, but he says nothing about his suspicions. Eddie fights against his personal demons amidst the band's rising success as Rock Solid begins to tour and win fans. Their popularity closely mirrors Eddie's former success with Eddie and the Cruisers, and he is disturbed by the similarities. During the tour Eddie, still known to his band as Joe, begins to have more frequent flashbacks to his former life. His anger and pride peak when lead guitarist Rick Diesel calls a woman they met at gig who wants the band to audition for an upcoming music festival. Eddie's angry tirade is soothed by sax player Hilton Overstreet's cool demeanor and Rick's fast talking. Eddie caves into the band's desire to do the large public he so fears. He agrees under the condition that they lock themselves away in a cabin, where there are no distractions so they can get back to the music. The band begins to lose its momentum and Eddie's wrath finally explodes. He smashes his guitar into pieces and storms off. Hilton confronts him and says, It's a shame to destroy all those songs by Eddie Wilson. In one of the movie's defining moments, Hilton says, I knew who you were from the moment I heard you play. The way a man plays—he's born with it; like fingerprints. He suggests that Eddie has no destiny but musician Eddie Wilson and not Joe West, construction worker. Satin Records has been upping the ante for anyone who can provide proof that Eddie lives. A few scenes before, an expert proved that legendary Bo Diddley had played on the mystery tapes before the death of Cruisers sax player Wendell Newton and Eddie's presumed demise in the river. In seclusion for over a month, Rick is unaware of the mounting tension around the mystery of Eddie's whereabouts. He decides to send a tape to Satin Records with a note that contains the line, I have a band and my lead singer sure sounds a lot like Eddie Wilson. The band auditions for the Music Festival and wins a spot in it. Eddie's doubts return. His life and true identity are about to go public. In desperation, he turns to his longtime friend and confidant Sal Amato. Sal and Eddie meet on a New Jersey beach and hash out twenty years of anger and grief. Sal demands to know where these so-called-mystery tapes were recorded. Eddie takes Sal back to the old abandoned church where in 1963, he and former sax player Wendell Newton had a jam session with a large group of black musicians, including Bo Diddley. Eddie confesses that the whole affair, combined with what seemed to be a lukewarm reaction from the industry he had admired and aspired to join, made him feel inadequate. In one of his deeper moments, Sal tells Eddie a simple truth: it's not about setting the world on fire, it's about playing the music. Armed and primed with that sentiment in mind, Eddie returns to Montreal, ready to play the festival. The band is about to take the stage when Rick's earlier ploy pays off. Satin Records' two executives appear and recognize Eddie. Confronted by one of the two men who once told him his music was unfit for release, Eddie flies into a frenzy and runs out to his car. His girlfriend, Diane, runs after him and shouts that maybe they can find another bridge for him to jump over. She convinces him that although the world will discover who Joe West really is tomorrow, Eddie can still claim today for himself. Eddie takes the stage and is caught up by the thrill of performing live again and the audience's acclaim for their first song, Running Through the Fire. Eddie introduces his bandmates one by one, then pauses. Diane nods to him and Eddie joyfully proclaims, and me. I'm Eddie Wilson. A breathless silence greets his announcement, then the audience begins to chant Eddie! Eddie! Eddie grins, shouts, Okay, let's rock 'n' roll! The band launches into their next song as the ending credits roll.
Cottage to Let	British	drama	Anthony Asquith	Upper class Mrs. Barrington (Jeanne de Casalis) takes in two child evacuees from London, including cocky teenager Ronald (George Cole), lodging them in a cottage she owns. However, it has already been let to annoyingly inquisitive Charles Dimble (Alastair Sim). To compound the confusion, Mrs. Barrington had also agreed to allow it to be converted into a military hospital. Spitfire pilot Flight Lieutenant Perry (John Mills) parachutes into the nearby loch and becomes the first patient, tended by Mrs. Barrington's pretty daughter Helen (Carla Lehmann). Mrs. Barrington moves Ronald to the main house, while Dimble and Perry remain in the cottage. Ronald makes friends with Mrs. Barrington's husband John (Leslie Banks), a brilliant but eccentric inventor, currently working on a bombsight for the Royal Air Force. However, he insists on working on his own. His assistant, Alan Trently (Michael Wilding), becomes jealous when Helen starts spending too much time with Perry. Eventually though, Helen lets Trently know that she prefers him. Meanwhile, the government grows concerned about Barrington's security; his last invention, a self-sealing fuel tank, was copied by the Germans within a month of its mass production. Trently comes under suspicion, as he had been educated in Germany. It turns out that there is cause for concern; German agents kidnap Barrington. Ronald stows away in the car used to take the captive to an isolated water mill. When Perry shows up, Ronald attacks one of the spies to help in the rescue. Unfortunately, it is all in vain, as Perry is revealed to be the ringleader. Perry intends to take Barrington to Berlin on a seaplane which is due to arrive the next night. However, Dimble turns out to be a British counterintelligence officer. He manages to infiltrate the ring and learn where Barrington is being held. All but one of the spies are captured and the prisoners are freed. Perry initially escapes, but is eventually tracked down and killed in a shootout with Dimble.
How Are You?	Turkish	drama	Özlem Akovalıgil	Semahat, whose parents emigrated to İstanbul from Sarajevo many years ago, decides to take a journey to her homeland in spite of her old age. Fatih, a film director, finds her story very interesting and wants to shoot the entire journey in the form of a documentary. Ufuk, a friend of Fatih’s, feels this journey will be an opportunity to leave behind the mess in his life and joins to help them. He records the story of the family on his camera while they are headed to Sarajevo. When they arrive, the journey will make them face the dreadful truths of the most recent war. There is no meaning of the past and no hope for the future for those who are struggling to survive.
Child of Rage	American	drama	Unknown	Jill Tyler and her minister husband Rob Tyler adopt two children, Catherine and Eric. Eric is a sweet and timid child. Catherine initially seems to be the same but soon displays outbursts of violent rage for no apparent reason. At first, some of her violent acts go unnoticed; when they progress to stabbing the family dog with a needle, Jill and Rob realize something is wrong. They ask Doris, the children's caseworker, about Catherine's past, but Doris cites confidentiality laws. Following a disturbing incident when Catherine engages in sexually inappropriate behavior with her adoptive grandfather, Jill and Rob take her to a psychologist; she puts on a good show and convinces the doctor that nothing is wrong. Later, Jill notices bruises on Eric, and he admits that it was Catherine who inflicted them. Catherine later smashes Eric's head on the concrete basement floor, landing him in the emergency room. Doris finally admits the truth about the children's past: after receiving a concerned phone call, she rescued the children from an abusive home, which was one of the worst she'd seen. Although Eric was in bad shape, his was nothing compared to Catherine's condition. No adults were present when they were found: their mother was hospitalized with pneumonia, while their father was apparently off on a drunken bender. Doris reveals that the children have an older sister named Stephanie, whom she and Jill track down at a topless bar. Stephanie, a bitter young woman, has a harrowing story: she was sexually abused by her father as a child, and after she began fighting back, he turned his attention to Catherine, who was a baby at the time. This explains Catherine's violent behavior. After another incident in which Catherine cuts a classmate with glass, Doris reveals to Jill and Rob that she had previously moved the children from foster home to foster home, hoping that something would work for them. She gives the couple a book called Kids Who Kill. Jill feels that it is a perfect description of Catherine. At this point, Doris suggests a controversial treatment for Catherine: holding therapy, which is practiced by the book's author, Dr. Rosemary Myers. Rob feels that Catherine is a lost cause and suggests they just keep Eric, but Jill insists that they should help Catherine. Dr. Myers examines Catherine. Although she initially puts on the same act that she used for the last therapist, she is undone by Dr. Myers' use of reverse psychology, which causes her to admit her violent acts. Dr. Myers explains that Catherine is sick, and the lack of bonding left her with an attachment disorder. During their first holding therapy session (which involves Jill, Rob, and Dr. Myers holding Catherine down while Dr. Myers deliberately provokes her rage), things start out well, but Jill senses it's going too far. Dr. Myers reminds Jill that she needs to trust her, and the session resumes, ending successfully after an enraged Catherine admits a desire to re-enact her past acts of violence with the three of them, giving them a glimpse of the pain underneath her rage. While the procedure normally takes place over a 6-week period, Dr. Myers realizes that Jill and Rob need to get home to Eric, who is in his grandparents' care, and believes the couple can successfully conduct the sessions at home. Shortly before their return home, another disturbed child named Justin starts a fire at the hotel. Left alone, Catherine panics, culminating in an incident where she tries to stab Rob but is caught in the nick of time. Returning home, the couple discusses the prospect of being separated from one another to give Catherine individual bonding time with each parent to allow her to heal. As the two have another holding therapy session with Catherine, a breakthrough occurs: Catherine starts to cry, Jill does the same, and Catherine attempts to comfort her. The film ends with Catherine telling Jill and Rob that she loves them.
Pather Panchali	Bengali	drama	Satyajit Ray	In Nischindipur, rural Bengal, in the 1910s, Harihar Roy (Kanu Banerjee) earns a meagre living as a pujari (priest), but dreams of a better career as a poet and playwright. His wife Sarbajaya (Karuna Banerjee) takes care of their children, Durga (Uma Dasgupta) and Apu (Subir Banerjee), and Harihar's elderly cousin, Indir Thakrun (Chunibala Devi). Because of their limited resources, Sarbajaya resents having to share her home with the old Indir, who often steals food from their already bare kitchen. At times, Sarbajaya's taunts become offensive, forcing Indir to take temporary refuge in the home of another relative. Durga is fond of Indir and often gives her fruit she has stolen from a wealthy neighbour's orchard. One day, the neighbour's wife accuses Durga of stealing a bead necklace (which Durga denies) and blames Sarbajaya for encouraging her tendency to steal. As the elder sibling, Durga cares for Apu with motherly affection, but spares no opportunity to tease him. Together, they share the simple joys of life: sitting quietly under a tree, viewing pictures in a travelling vendor's bioscope, running after the candy man who passes through the village, and watching a jatra (folk theatre) performed by a troupe of actors. Every evening they are delighted by the sound of a distant train's whistle. One day, they run away from home to catch a glimpse of the train, only to discover Indir lying dead on their return. Unable to earn a good living in the village, Harihar travels to the city to seek a better job. He promises Sarbajaya that he will return with money to repair their dilapidated house. During his absence, the family sinks deeper into poverty. Sarbajaya grows increasingly lonely and bitter. One day during the monsoon season, Durga plays in the downpour for too long, catches a cold and develops a high fever. Adequate medical care being unavailable, the fever becomes worse, and on a night of incessant rain and gusty winds, she dies. Harihar returns home and starts to show Sarbajaya the merchandise he has brought from the city. Sarbajaya, who remains silent, breaks down at the feet of her husband, and Harihar cries out in grief as he discovers that he has lost his daughter. The family decide to leave their ancestral home. As they start packing, Apu finds the necklace that Durga had earlier denied stealing; he throws it into a pond. Apu and his parents leave the village on an ox-cart.
Two Deaths	British	drama	Nicolas Roeg	On the eve of the revolution in Romania, Dr. Daniel Pavenic (Gambon) sits down to dinner with some friends and discusses his past and his obsession with a former house servant. His shocking honesty eventually leads to his guests also disclosing some of their own secrets.
Willy the Sparrow	American	drama	Unknown	The movie begins with Willy at home sick and is pretending to be a hunter. Using his imagination to see his cat, Sissy, as the tiger, he torments the cat with his water gun. He then decides to shoot a BB Gun at a flock of sparrows outside at the local park, stunning them away, but angers an elderly lady who in reality is the Sparrow Guardian, who magically enters Willy's apartment unnoticed. She then transforms Willy into a sparrow in hopes of teaching him a lesson of respecting all living things. However, she didn't have enough spray to make Willy have the ability to fly, rendering him defenseless. The Sparrow Guardian quickly leaves to refill her magic hair spray. While Willy was making himself comfortable in his sparrow form, Sissy appears and sees Willy as lunch instead of her master. Not used to walking like a sparrow, Willy was nearly eaten by his own cat, but was saved and placed outside by his little sister, Tonya. He soon meets two sparrows, Red and TJ, who discovers Willy's inability to fly and then calls help on an elder sparrow named Cipur to help Willy learn to fly. The three sparrows then carries the flightless Willy to safety, escaping an incoming attack from a persistent, hungry Sissy. Meanwhile, the Sparrow Guardian is looking for Willy. Sissy is also looking for him. In an attic where Cipur's nest was in, Cipur tells Willy that he wanted to read and write like a human because he was fascinated by their knowledge and technology, but he keeps this as a secret in fear of being shunned by the other sparrows. He makes a deal with Willy that if he teaches the young sparrow how to fly, Willy will teach Cipur how to read. As the flying lesson was underway, Sissy finds Willy and Cipur and attacks. Before she could eat Willy, Cipur intervenes and lures an angry Sissy atop the roof where he trapped her head under the weight of a ceiling hatch. Under Cipur's care, Willy is taught how to fly, and in return, Willy teaches Cipur how to read and write. One day, when Cipur went to find some food, Willy decides to venture out in the open to explore the outside world after learning how to fly properly. He flies back to the park and joins a flock of young sparrow, led by Red. They decided to show Willy the barn they used to hang out, until it was taken over by a big, black cat named Blackie. The flock of sparrows, including Willy, flew across the city to the barn where they used to live, unaware that they were being trailed by a dog and Sissy who was following them to the barn. Once in the barn, Willy catches sight of a mouse waking up Blackie, and alerts him about the sparrows in the barn. Blackie attacks the sparrows, and nearly eats one of the sparrows named Amy. Not abandoning his new friend, Willy drops a light bulb on Blackie's head, distracting him long enough for Amy to escape unharmed. Willy then escapes the barn, and Sissy appears and becomes acquainted with Blackie since they both share a taste for sparrows, and want to eat Willy. Meanwhile, Willy flies his way back to his apartment and writes a note to his worried family that he is okay and that he'll return soon, before flying back to Cipur's nest. After Willy was writing his note to his worried family, he flies back to Cipur's nest only to see the elder sparrow angry at him for not telling about an item called 'The Elixir of Knowledge'. Willy was confused and didn't know about this 'elixir', but was driven away by Cipur who angrily tells him to go away, he decides to fly away from his nest. Willy follows the elder sparrow, and finds out that he has been drinking liquor along with two rats who had convinced the old bird that the liquor will give him knowledge. However, it only made Cipur druggish and made him feel worse. Willy quickly carries Cipur back to safety, but the old sparrow was still angry with him for leaving him. Willy sadly leaves and he sees Amy flying to him. So, Willy flies to Amy and discovers through her that Red is angry at Willy because he believes Willy is the one who woke up Blackie. So Willy follows Amy into an indoor roof nest where they will be safe from a storm. The next day, Willy and Amy were flying back to the park to find their friends, who were all waiting for them, only to see Red feeling angry at Willy. Willy supposed to lose two feathers as punishment. When Willy refuses to take punishment, Red angrily fights Willy to make him submit, but Willy, still used to fighting as a human boy, easily beats Red and is promoted leader of the flock. The Sparrow Guardian and Sissy finds Willy, but Willy doesn't want to turn back into a boy yet until he helps his new friends. Willy then leads the flock back to the barn, with the Sparrow Guardian and Sissy trailing after them. Under Willy's leadership, the sparrows silenced the mouse who was working with Blackie by tying him up, and finally tied up a sleeping Blackie in a sneak attack. They began eating the grain, but Sissy arrives at the barn way ahead of the Sparrow Guardian and releases Blackie. The two cats then team up, with Blackie fighting and knocking the sparrows unconscious, and Sissy catching and placing them on a sheet to prepare to eat the sparrows, eventually leaving only Willy to fight Blackie. When all seemed lost for Willy, Cipur arrives and assists the young sparrow into fighting against Blackie, but the black cat overpowers the two and prepares to finish them off. The Sparrow Guardian saves Willy and Cipur by repeatedly hitting Blackie with a broom, driving the black cat away from the barn for good. The Sparrow Guardian is prepared to turn Willy back into a boy, so he can return to his home where his family is worried about him. However, Willy refuses to be turned back into a human boy, and would rather stay a sparrow if Cipur isn't turned into a human too. Willy is then granted to be the Sparrow Guardian. With little hesitation, Willy accepts. The Sparrow Guardian then uses her magic spray to turn both Willy and Cipur into humans. Cipur, who now wants to learn more about the human world, is joined by the retired Sparrow Guardian for something to eat and leaves the barn together. The film ends with Willy, along with the reconciled Sissy, making their way back home, followed by the flock of young sparrows.
Buddha Mil Gaya	Bollywood	drama	Hrishikesh Mukherjee	Unemployed slackers Bhola (Deven Verma) and Ajay (Navin Nischol) come across a newspaper advertisement about a missing elderly gentleman (Om Prakash), whose estate is worth millions. They find him in the Hanging Garden Park in Bombay and decide to make him their paternal uncle. They take him to live with them in a rented apartment, which they cannot afford. This elderly man, Girdharilal Om Prakash, takes an unusual interest in Ajay's girlfriend, Deepa (Archana). While Bhola and Ajay try to find ways and means of getting rich by turning Girdharilal in, a number of horrific homicides are committed, all against former business associates of Girdharilal, and the clues all point toward the hapless duo.
Breathing Lessons	American	drama	John Erman	The story describes the joys and pains of the ordinary marriage of Ira and Maggie Moran as they travel from Baltimore to attend a funeral and back home again in one day. It also examines Maggie's attempts to reconcile her son and daughter-in-law. During the journey to the funeral, we learn how both Ira and Maggie have forgone their youthful dreams and feel they have settled for an ordinary life. We experience how they exasperate each other—Maggie too talkative, too meddling; Ira too logical, uncommunicative, and too judgmental. A few detours during their 90-mile drive reveal Ira and Maggie's incompatibilities, disappointments, unmet expectations—and lasting love.[1] Edward Hoagland describes the novel: Maggie, surprised by life, which did not live up to her honeymoon, has become an incorrigible prompter. And she has horned in to bring about the birth of her first grandchild by stopping a 17-year-old girl named Fiona at the door of an abortion clinic and steering her into marrying Maggie's son, Jesse, who is the father and, like Fiona, a dropout from high school....The book's principal event is a 90-mile trip that Maggie and Ira make from Baltimore...to a country town in Pennsylvania where a high school classmate has suddenly scheduled an elaborate funeral for her husband. Maggie...indulges her habit of pouring her heart out to every listening stranger, which naturally infuriates Ira, who, uncommunicative to start with, has reached the point where Maggie can divine his moods only from the pop songs of the 1950's that he whistles....Maggie, although exasperating,...is trying to make a difference, to connect or unite people, beat the drum for forgiveness and compromise. As Ira explains, It's Maggie's weakness. She believes it's all right to alter people's lives. She thinks the people she loves are better than they really are, and so then she starts changing things around to suit her point of view of them.[2]
Dallas: J.R. Returns	American	drama	Leonard Katzman	The cliffhanger ending of the 1991 Dallas series finale is resolved. The gunshot J.R. Ewing (Larry Hagman) fired was at the mirror, not himself (despite there being no sound of shattered glass when he pulled the trigger). Several years later, J.R. is in Europe, while Bobby Ewing (Patrick Duffy) lives at Southfork alone with his son Christopher (Christopher Demetral), happily out of the oil business, and Cliff Barnes (Ken Kercheval) now owns Ewing Oil. Bobby, conscious of the fact that Southfork is now almost empty, considers selling it. Meanwhile, Cliff decides to sell Ewing Oil to Weststar Oil, a giant oil conglomerate headed by J.R.'s other nemesis, Carter McKay (George Kennedy). J.R. hears this and decides to try to regain his position. He appeals to Bobby to get back in business together and buy Ewing Oil back but is rebuffed. J.R. arranges for Afton (Audrey Landers) to be put in a sanitarium so Cliff can't find her. J.R. learns of a provision in Jock Ewing's will where Jock left J.R.'s son, John Ross (Omri Katz), stock in the computer company Cyberbyte. The provision states that John Ross is only to receive this stock upon the death of his father. Since John Ross is unaware of his inheritance, J.R. decides to sell some of this stock and buy shares to take over Weststar. He sells the stock portfolio and buys a controlling stake in Weststar Oil. To cover his tracks, J.R. rebuys the stock and reinstates the provision, saying that if anyone finds out about the incident, he will claim that they were released to John Ross Ewing, Jr. (J.R.) instead of his son (full name John Ross Ewing III) in a clerical error. To set this in motion, he fakes his death and has his attorney accidentally put the shares in his name instead of his son's. Bobby holds a memorial service, with John Ross and Sue Ellen (Linda Gray) attending and Cliff in quiet celebration, believing he's won the ultimate victory over J.R. until J.R. returns to Southfork. He claims to have been kidnapped and escaped. Sly is disgusted and resigns as J.R's assistant. J.R. is the majority shareholder in Weststar, and he uses that clout to force McKay to back out of buying Ewing Oil. After being sent a letter notifying him of his daughter's whereabouts, Cliff decided that finding his family is more important than beating J.R., but Bobby figured out a way that Cliff can have both, and he bought Ewing Oil. Bobby later realizes that he was tricked back into the oil business by J.R., who knew getting Bobby off Southfork would force him not to sell. J.R. maneuvered the board to remove McKay as Chairman of Weststar and for himself to take his place. An unhappy Bobby sells half of the company to his new partner, Sue Ellen. A drunken and bitter Sly (Deborah Rennard) had tipped off Sue Ellen that J.R. faked his own death. Sue Ellen suspected this all along and felt that J.R needed to be taught a lesson. Cliff, meanwhile, greets Afton and their daughter Pamela (Deborah Kellner) outside the sanitarium, and they leave to be a family. In the last scene, John Ross asks J.R. why he is smiling even though he lost Ewing Oil to Bobby and Sue Ellen. J.R. points out that Bobby is back in the oil business and is no longer going to sell Southfork. Sue Ellen is back at Southfork to stay, and John Ross will remain in Dallas to learn the oil business from J.R. John Ross realizes that his father planned everything to work out this way. JR's last words are, You see, John Ross? You're learning already.
Mad Bastards	Australian	drama	Brendan Fletcher	Years ago, TJ (Dean Daley-Jones) abandoned his wife and son, and as time passes his conscience tells him it's time he began facing up to his responsibilities as a father. TJ is an Aboriginal man living in Western Australia and has a weakness for alcohol and a habit of getting into fights. As it happens, TJ's son Bullet (Lucas Yeeda) is nearly as troubled as he is; at the age of thirteen, he's already been arrested for arson and instead of serving a sentence in a juvenile detention home, he is released to the custody of his Elders. Bullet isn't anxious to reacquaint himself with TJ, but both realize they need to settle their scores with one another, and Bullet's Grandfather Texas (Greg Tait) steps in to help.
Bliss	Chinese	drama	Sheng Zhimin	Bliss tells the story of a modern and non-traditional family living in Chongqing. Lao Li (He Xingquan) is a once-divorced retired police officer, currently living with his second wife Zhang Xiu'e (Guan Jiangge). Lao Li's first wife ran off years ago, forcing him to raise his son, Jianjun alone. Jianjun (Liao Zhong), now a grown man, has recently married Xiaohong (Wang Lan) and works long hours as a taxi driver. A passive man, Jianjun and Xiaohong's marriage is suffering from his long hours and her resentments. She eventually begins an affair and becomes pregnant, though the father remains a mystery. Jianjun announces that the baby will be born when Xiaohong discovers that her condition was actually a false pregnancy, and that she has actually been diagnosed with uterine cancer. Meanwhile, Xiu'e's son from a previous marriage, the delinquent Xiaolei (Xu Tao) has begun to run with local hoodlums, much to the consternation of his mother and stepfather. Lao Li steps in and gets Xiaolei a job on a trolley-car, where he becomes interested in the pretty coworker, Qian Xue (He Qin). Unfortunately Xiaolei seems unable to escape from his life of petty crime. Into this drama, Lao Li receives an unexpected package, his first wife's ashes. Lao Li must now try to find a suitable burial place for the ashes, all while trying to keep his crumbling family together.
Look Before You Love	British	drama	Harold Huth	A woman working in the British Embassy in Brazil falls in love and marries a man, but soon discovers him to be a drunken wastrel tied up with serious crime.[2]
CrissCross	American	drama	Chris Menges	Divorced mom Tracy Cross raises her 12-year-old son, Christopher, in Key West in 1969 around the time of the Apollo 11 moon landing. Chris narrates the film in voiceover and talks about his screwed up life living with his mother in a cheap apartment. Chris' father was an Annapolis trained fighter pilot who had served in Vietnam. However, he became seriously disturbed after bombing a civilian hospital and burned his uniform as a killers costume. Falling into alcoholism, he deserts Chris and Tracy moving into a commune separating himself from society. Chris hasn't seen his father in three years and still loves him deeply. Chris delivers papers and fish to help support his mother who works as a bartender and waitress. He unwittingly discovers that there are drugs hidden in the fish he is delivering and becomes a small time drug dealer out of desperation when he finds his Tracy has resorted to working as a stripper to support them. She is ashamed when he confronts her with this, but she tells him that sometimes in life one has to do what is not good to get what is. Chris visits his father in the commune and attempts to get him to reconcile with Tracy but to no avail. A stranger, Joe, comes to town and strikes up a relationship with Tracy. This further disturbs her son. Joe turns out to be a law-enforcement undercover agent, working to bring down the drug ring. His relationship with Tracy and her son complicates matters as the time comes to make the arrest. Chris narrowly escapes being killed when he delivers the drugs and it degenerates into a shootout. In the end, he spends the night in jail and is put on probation learning a valuable lesson. He and Tracy move into a mobile home park and she retires from stripping. The Apollo moon landing is mentioned throughout the film as a sort of metaphor and Chris mentions in the end how happy the astronauts must have been to have returned to the earth no matter how screwed up it is.
Amar Prem	Bollywood	drama	Shakti Samanta	Pushpa (Sharmila Tagore) is expelled from her house by her husband and his new wife. When she refuses to leave, her husband beats her and throws her out. She goes to her mother for help, but her mother too, disowns her. When she tries to commit suicide, she is sold to a brothel in Calcutta by her village-uncle, Nepal Babu (Madan Puri). On her audition at the brothel, Anand Babu (Rajesh Khanna), a businessman seeking love, is attracted by her singing. Anand Babu is unhappily married and lonely and becomes her regular and exclusive customer as love blossoms. Later, a widowed man with his family, from the same village as her, moves in close to Pushpa's place. The new neighbour's son, Nandu, does not get any love at home, as his father works all the time and his stepmother does not care about him. Nandu's father learns about Pushpa's new life and forbids her from interacting with him and his family as he fears what people would say. However, Pushpa starts treating Nandu as her own son when she realises that he is mistreated at home, and often goes hungry. Nandu also comes to love Pushpa and starts to regard her as his mother. He visits her every day and comes upon Anand Babu, who also becomes fond of him becoming a father figure, calling him Pushpa's son, seeing the way Pushpa loves the child. One day, Anand Babu's brother-in-law comes to see Pushpa and demands that she tell Anand Babu to stop visiting her. With great reluctance, Pushpa agrees and she turns Anand Babu away when he comes to see her. It is then that the businessman realises that he is in love with Pushpa. When Nandu suffers from fever and his treatment is too expensive, Pushpa asks Anand Babu for help and he secretly finances the treatment and does not let anybody know. When the doctor asks him why is he so keen on helping Nandu, he replies some relationships have no names. However, when Nandu's father asks the doctor who paid for the treatment, the doctor says that his mother did. Then Nandu's father discovers that it was Pushpa who saved her son's life and he thanks her and gives her the sari that he had bought for his wife, telling her that it was gift from a brother to a sister. A touched Pushpa accepts. Nandu's family has to move to the village and Nandu plants a sapling of night-flowering jasmine (Harsingaar or Parijat) at Pushpa's home, making her promise to always take care of it. Pushpa cries and agrees. Several years later, Nandu grows up to become a government engineer posted in the same town. Anand Babu meets Pushpa, now working as a maid servant who is ill-treated and they both reconcile. Nandu unsuccessfully searches for her and gives up after inquiring in the neighborhood. Nandu's son gets sick and they go to the same doctor. Meanwhile, having met Pushpa, Anand Babu decides to catch up with all his old friends and meets the doctor. During the conversation, he reveals that he has stopped drinking and visiting brothels once he left Pushpa. He also tells him that he is now divorced/separated due to his wife's partying ways, but is finally at peace and is happy with Pushpa's love and affection in his heart. They talk about Nandu and the Doctor informs him that Nandu is in town. Nandu meets Anand Babu when he comes to meet the doctor to ask regarding the medicine, who takes him to meet Pushpa. Both of them, unable to see Pushpa ill-treated, stand up for her and in the end Nandu takes Pushpa home with him, like a son who is reunited with his long lost mother with Anand Babu looking on, crying happily.[3]
Ghungroo Ki Awaaz	Bollywood	drama	Shyam Ramsay, Tulsi Ramsay	Thakur Ranjit Singh buys Kajal's freedom from a panderer and installs her in his house with the status of a daughter-in-law - much to the disgust of his uncle, Jasbir. When the sleazy Shakal turns up and arranges a secret meeting with Kajal, Ranjit believes that he has caught his beloved being unfaithful. He exacts a fearful retribution. Obligingly, Jasbir destroys the evidence. Ranjit finds himself being plagued by the restless spirit of Kajal as well as a suspicious policeman. Seeking respite in Bombay, he is stunned to see Kajal's doppelgaenger, a nurse called Kiran. Unnerved, he brings Kiran home with him and finds himself falling in love again. The mystery deepens when Kajal's vengeful spirit murders the usurper, sending Ranjit over the edge and into an asylum.[2]
Vessel of Wrath	British	drama	Erich Pommer	Englishman Ginger Ted is a dissolute beachcomber living in a tropical Dutch colonial possession somewhere in the Indian Ocean. When a ship makes its monthly visit, Ted has to outrun a mob of creditors to obtain his remittance cheque from the Controleur, the colonial governor. However, his friend makes him pay his debts, leaving him only a little. Ginger then gets Lia to sneak out of the classroom of Martha Jones. The homesick man tells Lia of England. Martha has him arrested. He is sentenced to three months on the road gang, but that does not satisfy the puritanical pair of Martha Jones and her missionary brother. They want him deported, but Ginger is the Controleur's only real local friend, so he sends him to alcohol-free Agor Island to try to reform him. When Martha insists on going to another island to attend to a medical emergency, the Controleur sends his sergeant along as escort, with secret orders to pick up Ginger on the way back. When their boat's propeller strikes a reef, they have to spend the night on the nearest island while repairs are made. Martha finds it rather traumatic at first, but then unexpectedly begins to warm to Ginger. After Dr. Jones later thanks Ginger for not taking advantage of his sister, Ginger knocks the Controleur out when the latter laughs at him. While Ginger is passed out drunk on the beach, Martha cleans his shack. When Ginger returns, he demands she leave. Then typhoid breaks out on one of the other islands. the Controleur asks Ginger to accompany Dr. Jones to help inoculate the natives; Ginger refuses at first, then reluctantly agrees. However, when Jones is overcome by a flareup of malaria, Martha insists on taking his place. Ginger backs out, but changes his mind after she starts crying. When they reach the village, they discover that the residents believe the disease is the result of abandoning their old religion. Albert, the headman and a former Christian convert, warns them to leave. Martha insists on confronting the natives, but Ginger drags her away before anything happens. That night, the headman's wife brings her sick child to the pair. Martha inoculates her. When the headman demands his child back, Ginger sends him away. Ominous drumming starts. Facing imminent attack, Ginger tells Martha about how he wanted to marry a barmaid and run a pub, though he was the son of the local vicar; in turn, she tells him her father drank himself to death. Then the child recovers, and the danger is over. The pair marry and return to England to manage a pub, though Ginger gives up drinking entirely.
Tip Toes	British	drama	Herbert Wilcox	Tip Toes (Dorothy Gish) and her two partners Uncle Hen (Rogers) and Al (Nelson Keys) have a struggling music-hall act. When they go for auditions, theatre managers are keen on Tip Toes as a solo, but do not want the men. Tip Toes turns down offers to go it alone out of loyalty to her fellows. In deep financial trouble, they decide as a last throw of the dice to book into a suite at a high-class hotel and put the story about that Tip Toes is a sophisticated heiress, while she tries to snag a wealthy gentleman. Tip Toes attracts the interest of a young peer, but the plans of the trio are constantly on the point of being undermined as Hen and Al get into a series of scrapes.
Bitter Moon	British	drama	Roman Polanski	British couple Nigel (Hugh Grant) and Fiona Dobson (Kristin Scott Thomas) are on a Mediterranean cruise ship to Istanbul en route to India. They encounter a beautiful French woman, Mimi (Emmanuelle Seigner), and that night Nigel meets her while dancing alone in the ship's bar. Later Nigel meets her much older and crippled American husband Oscar (Peter Coyote), who is acerbic and cynical, having been jaded and a failure as a writer. Oscar invites Nigel to his cabin where he tells Nigel in great detail how he and Mimi first met on a bus in Paris and fell passionately in love. Nigel relates all to Fiona. Both are appalled by Oscar's exhibitionism, but Nigel is also fascinated by Mimi, who provokes him. Later, Oscar narrates how they explored bondage, sadomasochism, and voyeurism. As a contrast to their sexual adventurousness, we see Nigel and Fiona meeting a distinguished Indian gentleman, Mr. Singh (Victor Banerjee), who is traveling with his little daughter Amrita (Sophie Patel). Invited by Mimi, Nigel, escaping from a bridge game, goes to meet her in her cabin, but it turns out she and Oscar have played a joke on him. Nigel wants to leave, but another session unfolds, with Oscar describing how their hate/love relationship developed. Bored, he tried to break up, but Mimi begged him to let her live with him under any conditions. He complied, but started to explore sadistic fantasies at her expense, humiliating her in public. When Mimi became pregnant, he made her have an abortion, saying that he would be a terrible father. When he visited her in hospital, he was shocked by her condition and almost relented in his attempts to drive her away. He promised her a holiday in the Caribbean, but he managed to get off the plane just before take off. Mimi departed alone, crying. Leaving Oscar's cabin, Nigel meets Mimi and they kiss. Afterwards, he finds Fiona in the bar flirting with a young man. She warns Nigel not to stray too far, and that anything he can do, she can do better. Nigel goes to Oscar, who continues his narration. After two years of parties and one-night stands, he drunkenly stepped in front of a vehicle. To his surprise, Mimi came to visit him in the hospital where he was recovering from minor injuries and a broken leg. Mimi shook hands with him, then pulled him out of his bed and left him hanging in his traction device. Having become paraplegic this way, Oscar had no choice but to let Mimi move in with him again and take care of him. She reveled in dominating and humiliating him, seducing men in front of him. When Oscar was desperate and wanted to die, she gave him a gun as a birthday present. Having experienced highs and lows together, they realized they needed each other and actually got married. Nigel clumsily tries to woo Mimi, encouraged and coached by Oscar. Things come to a head at the New Year's Eve party, when Fiona sees them dance together. Fiona tells him that Oscar had made her come to the party. She goes on to dance erotically with Mimi, cheered on by the other partygoers. A stormy sea interrupts the party and the two women leave together. Nigel goes outside clutching a bottle of liquor and screams his frustration into the wind and waves. Nigel finds Fiona in Oscar's cabin, sleeping naked side by side with Mimi. Oscar claims the women have had sex together. Enraged, Nigel grabs his throat, but Oscar points a gun at him and he backs off. Oscar shoots the sleeping Mimi several times, then kills himself. While the bodies of Oscar and Mimi are being stretchered off the ship, Fiona and Nigel, shaken, embrace each other. Mr. Singh encourages his little girl to comfort them.
The Age of Innocence	American	drama	Martin Scorsese	In 1870s New York City, Newland Archer is planning to marry the respectable young May Welland. May's cousin, the American heiress Countess Ellen Olenska, has returned to New York after a disastrous marriage to a dissolute Polish Count. At first she is ostracized by society and vicious innuendo is spread, but May's family boldly stands by the Countess and she is gradually accepted by the very finest of New York's old families. Archer prematurely announces his engagement to May, but as he comes to know the Countess, he begins to appreciate her unconventional views on New York society and he becomes increasingly disillusioned with his new fiancée May and her innocence, lack of personal opinion, and sense of self. After the Countess announces her intention of divorcing her husband, Archer supports her desire for freedom, but he feels compelled to act on behalf of the family and persuade the Countess to remain married. When Archer realizes that he has unwittingly been falling in love with the Countess, he abruptly leaves the next day to be reunited with May and her parents, who are in Florida on vacation. Archer asks May to shorten their engagement, but May becomes suspicious and asks him if his hurry to get married is prompted by the fear that he is marrying the wrong person. Archer reassures May that he is in love with her. When back in New York, Archer calls on the Countess and admits that he is in love with her, but a telegram arrives from May announcing that her parents have pushed forward the wedding date. After their wedding and honeymoon, Archer and May settle down to married life in New York. Over time, Archer's memory of the Countess fades. When the Countess returns to New York to care for her grandmother, she and Archer agree to consummate their affair. But then suddenly, the Countess announces her intention to return to Europe. May throws a farewell party for the Countess, and after the guests leave, May announces to Archer that she is pregnant and that she told Ellen her news two weeks earlier. The years pass: Archer is 57 and has been a dutiful, loving father and faithful husband. The Archers have had three children. May had previously died of infectious pneumonia and Archer had mourned her in earnest. Archer's engaged son, Ted, persuades him to travel to France. There, Ted has arranged to visit the Countess Olenska at her Paris apartment. Archer has not seen the countess in over 25 years. Ted confides to his father May's deathbed confession that ... she knew we were safe with you, and always would be. Because once, when she asked you to, you gave up the thing you wanted most. Archer confesses that she never asked him. That evening outside the Countess' apartment, Archer sends his son alone to visit her. While sitting outside the apartment, he recollects their time together and gets up and walks away.
Action for Slander	British	drama	Tim Whelan	Major George Daviot is left by his wife Ann due to their growing estrangement and her knowledge that he has fallen in love with another woman, Josie Bradford, the wife of one of his fellow officers. Daviot goes off with friends for a weekend party at a country house attended by a number of prominent figures including businessmen and politicians as well as Captain Bradford and his wife. The tension between Bradford and Daviot is obvious during grouse shooting as Bradford is clearly aware of Daviot's affair with his wife. That evening, during a game of cards played for high stakes, Daviot is accused of cheating by Grant, a drunken player who has lost large amounts of money, a charge that is dismissed out of hand by the other players until Bradford seconds it. None of the other players believe the accusation, even though they are unaware of the grudge that Bradford has against Daviot. Bradford sticks to his story, even in the face of legal action from Daviot. The other guests frightened of their own reputations if the scandal becomes widely known, persuade all to hush the matter up. Daviot agrees to keep quiet for all their sakes, even though he still wants to clear his name. Daviot proposes to Josie that she leave her husband and live with him in spite of the scandal, but her lukewarm response leads him to realise that her interest in him is shallow. She subsequently reconciles with her husband and they go abroad to spend time together. Daviot tries to continue, but rumours about the affair begin to spread. Over the following year, his life disintegrates. He no longer finds himself welcome in his regiment or at his gentlemen's club and his friends begin to cut him socially, including those at the house party who know him to be innocent. Hounded out of his society, Daviot retreats to a cheap boarding house in Bayswater where he ceases to go out or even open letters. His one remaining hope, of receiving a transfer to the Indian Army serving on the Northwest Frontier is dashed and he begins to consider suicide. Ann Daviot, meanwhile, has been touring around Continental Europe aimlessly, possibly never to return to Britain. As soon as she hears he is in trouble she returns to help him, but he is unresponsive and derides her as an Angel of Mercy. Eventually she goads him into facing his accusers, and he initiates court proceedings on the understanding that if he loses he will be allowed to take gentlemen's way out with a pistol. With the help of his barrister Sir Quinton Jessops, Daviot attempts to clear his name by suing Bradford and Grant for slander.
The FJ Holden	Australian	drama	Michael Thornhill	Kevin (Paul Couzens) and his best mate Bob (Carl Stever) drive around Sydney trying to pick up girls in Kevin's FJ Holden. Kevin meets Anne (Eva Dickinson) at a party and she agrees to let him to drive her home. Bob joins the ride, and she has sex with both men. However, a relationship develops between Anne and Kevin and they go to restaurants, race cars, and get drunk. The romance falters, partly because Kevin lets Bob watch them having sex in her bedroom. Drunk and upset, Kevin tries to talk to Bob, who is incapable of a serious conversation. Bob is secretly happy that he has his friend back, but neither is capable of saying what he feels.
Al-Zawjah al-Azra' (The Virgin Wife)	Egyptian	drama	El Sayed Bedeir	Magdi (Ahmed Mazhar) and Dr. Fouad (Imad Hamdi) meet Souad (Zouzou Mady) and her daughter Mona (Faten Hamama). Souad, who suffers from poverty, decides to introduce her daughter to Magdi, a rich man, hoping that he can fall in love with her beautiful daughter and ask to marry her in order to save her from poverty. Magid does fall in love with Mona and she falls for him too. The lovers decide to marry each other. Before the marriage, Magdi reveals a personal secret to her mother. Magdi tells her that an accident he experienced left him with sexual dysfunction. Mona's mother, however, accepts this and conceals it from Mona.[1][2] By time, Mona and Magdi's marriage fails and their relationship weakens. Magdi suspects Mona of having an affair with Dr. Fouad, his friend. He records a phone conversation between the two which leaves him doubtless. Furious, Magdi changes his will and decides to forbid Mona from any inheritance, choosing to donate his money and properties to charity. A devastated Magdi unconsciously has an overdose of medicine and dies. Dr. Fouad is suspected of the murder and arrested. Ironically, it is revealed that it was Souad who killed Magdi, after learning that he is not going to leave her daughter his fortunes. Souad feels guilty for the murder and surrenders herself to the police.[1][2]
Manthan	Bollywood	drama	Shyam Benegal	The film traces the origins of the movement through its fictionalised narrative, based around rural empowerment, when a young veterinary surgeon, played by Girish Karnad, a character based on the then National Dairy Development Board (NDDB) chief, the 33-year-old Verghese Kurien,[11] who joined hands with local social worker, Tribhovandas Patel, which led to the setting up of a local milk cooperative, in Anand, Gujarat. Dr. Rao (Girish Karnad), a young veterinary doctor with his team of Deshmukh (Mohan Agashe), Chandravarkar (Anant Nag) and others comes to a village in Kheda district, Gujarat. The village is inhabited by poor people whose chief occupation seems to be cattle-rearing and producing milk, which they sell to a local dairy owner Mishra Ji (Amrish Puri). Mishra Ji pays them ridiculously low amounts for their milk. Dr. Rao and his team have arrived with the purpose of setting up a co-operative society dairy which will be owned collectively and managed by the villagers themselves. As Dr. Rao and his team grapple with village politics, rigid casteism and general distrust of the village folk, they face planned hostility from the local Harijan community's leader Bhola (Naseeruddin Shah) who harbours deep anger and resentment against the higher caste Panchayat Head (Kulbhushan Kharbanda). Local village women are led by a feisty young woman Bindu (Smita Patil), mother of a young child whose husband has supposedly left her. Dr. Rao wins the trust of Bindu and other villagers by testing their milk and paying them fair amounts for their high fat-content milk and this irks Mishra Ji. Deshmukh is worried by the caste politics and divide between the higher castes and Harijans in the village and repeatedly warns Rao against getting involved in it. Chandravarkar gets attracted to a local Harijan girl and has a few rendezvous with her in secret. The Harijans don't want to join the co-operative as they feel that the higher caste Panch and his cronies will usurp the society as well. Rao and his associates talk sense into them and organise for an election for the post of the head of the co-operative. Bhola begins to trust and believe in Rao's ideals when Rao fires Chandravarkar for having fun with the Harijan girl on pretext of marrying her and bails Bhola out of jail when Panch gets him arrested for rowdy behaviour. Meanwhile, a mutual admiration and liking develops between Rao and Bindu, which is cut short when Bindu's husband returns home suddenly and Rao's wife comes to visit him in the village. In the election, the Harijan representative Moti defeats the Panch in a tiebreaker and the Harijans erupt in joy. The Panch takes the loss terribly on his ego and joins Mishra Ji, also aided by Bindu's husband. Together, they force Bindu to put her thumb impression on legal papers that claim Dr. Rao has raped her. Dr. Rao is extremely agitated when the allegations are brought against him and starts to wonder whether or not he has bitten off more than he can chew. His wife also falls sick with Typhoid. Dr. Rao finishes the setting up of the board and leaves with his wife. This greatly troubles Bhola as he considers this cowardice on Dr. Rao's part. Bhola, however, continues to carry on the work of the co-operative with support from a few villagers and notably, Bindu. Both of them have been inspired and churned as new, brave individuals by the work of Dr. Rao.
Flesh and Bone	American	drama	Steve Kloves	A family in rural Texas finds a boy, Arlis, who says he is lost. They take him into their home, feed him, and give a place to sleep. But the boy later lets his father, Roy (James Caan), into the house to commit a robbery. When they are discovered, Roy brutally murders the family, which the boy witnesses. The sole survivor is a baby girl. Time passes, and Arlis (Dennis Quaid) lives a solitary life in which he drives a truckload of goods and novelties to restock vending machines and arcade games in roadside stores and restaurants. Making a stop at a roadhouse where a rowdy party is being held, he spots Kay (Meg Ryan), a woman who pops up out of a cake at the party and then passes out because she had been imbibing liquor. Arlis ends up giving her a ride home, a long drive, while continuing to make his rounds. Upon coming home, Kay sees that her husband Reese has sold the furniture, having lost their money gambling. She packs up her remaining belongings and leaves with Arlis. They spend more time together and grow close. Meanwhile, a young woman named Ginnie (Gwyneth Paltrow) now travels with a much older Roy. She is a grifter who will pretend to be a mourner in order to steal the jewelry from a dead body at a funeral home. Ginnie brings an injured Roy to his estranged son, Arlis, to tend to his injury. Passing the house where he grew up, Arlis comes to realize that Kay was the infant who survived the long-ago murders. Roy figures this out as well. He begins talking about tying up loose ends. It leads to a confrontation, and Arlis shoots Roy dead. Ginnie goes off on her own, and Kay and Arlis go their separate ways.
Lamb	American	drama	Ross Partridge	The film opens with David Lamb (Ross Partridge) visiting his sick and dying father Walter Lamb (Ron Burkhardt). After visiting his father, David goes to his motel room, where he is currently living. David's father dies. After attending his father's burial, David ends up in a parking lot in a particularly depressed-looking corner of Chicago, smoking, where Tommie (Oona Laurence) is sent by her friends to ask David for a cigarette. When asked, David gives her a cigarette, and Tommie shows him her friends. Tommie asks David to scare her friends by pretending to kidnap her. He tries to prove a point to her and brings her home. Back at David's work his boss, Wilson (Joel Murray) gives David his condolences, and insists that David take some time off work. David runs into Tommie at the parking lot, and offers to buy her lunch. Back at Tommie's home, her mother Linda (Lindsay Pulsipher), and her mother's boyfriend Jesse (Scoot McNairy), ask where she has been. The next day, Tommie and David hang out again; David asks Tommie to go on a camping trip for a week. He tells her he would bring her back before any one would start to worry. At a hotel, David tells Tommie he wants her to think if she really wants to stay, or go back home. He tells her this might look like a kidnapping due to their age differences so she can leave at any time. Tommie decides to stay. At a truck stop, Melissa (Jennifer Lafleur) sees Tommie crying. Tommie lies and says her name is Emily. Tommie tells David she wants to go home; he tells her he could take her home, like he said he would earlier. The next day, David and Tommie hang out by a lake. While there at the lake, Foster (Tom Bower), a neighbor of theirs at the cabin, tells the two of them that they are on private property. David tells him he's with his niece Emily aka Tommie. Returning from the mountains, Tommie asks David if she could have a root beer; David asks Tommie to get him a beer; she asks if she can have some of the beer, and he agrees she can have one sip of it. Foster walks into the room, where he sees Tommie holding the beer. David pretends to yell at Emily and apologizes to Foster what happened. Foster warns David there are unfriendly neighbors nearby who don't like kids. One morning, David notices a car approaching the cabin; he takes puts Tommie in a closet and tells her not to be seen. The car turns out to be driven by Linny (Jess Weixler) who came to give David company. David tells Tommie to run to the shop quietly as she can. Later that night, Tommie asks David why Linny called him David instead of Gary. He tells her, it's to protect her/us. While David is talking to Tommie one morning, Linny walks in, and almost catches Tommie. Linny tells David she's going to get mattresses from the other room; David lies, since Tommie is hiding in that room, by telling her a fake ghost story about Emily. Tommie is seen running from the cabin, to Foster's house. She approaches the cabin and sees David and Linny having sex. David notices that Tommie is watching. David tells Tommie they are going to head back home. Once they arrive at their hometown, the two emotionally say goodbye. The film ends with Tommie chasing after David as he drives away.
Two Lovers and a Bear	Canadian	drama	Kim Nguyen	The film follows the lives of Roman and Lucy, two people living difficult lives in a small, frozen town of Apex, Nunavut, Canada.[4] They are in love, but Lucy tells Roman that she must leave as a stalker has followed her. Roman tells her that he cannot leave and go south again, because of dark things in his own past. He tries to get her to go without him, and is even pushed to the brink of suicide. Eventually, he knows that he must go with her. Roman can talk to bears which only he, it seems, can hear talking back, and a polar bear who talks to him about life makes several appearances in the story. On their snowmobile journey south, they are warned of a blizzard, but seek shelter in an abandoned military base instead of going back. Lucy comes to believe that her stalker has followed them there. It is then revealed that the stalker is in her mind, her dead abusive father. Roman burns the military base in order to prove that her father is now dead forever and can no longer follow her. Seeking shelter in a snow cave, Roman and Lucy talk about a herd of caribou that they had found frozen in a lake earlier in their journey. They compare their lives to these animals, being led on a path and unable to get off, with all of them drowning. As the lovers begin to succumb to the intense temperature, the bear appears again, revealing that he is God and promising to Roman that he and Lucy will see each other again. The final scene shows the lovers' now dead, frozen bodies being cut out of the snow and lifted away by a helicopter.
 Disgrace	Australian	drama	Steve Jacobs	David Lurie (John Malkovich) is an ageing white professor teaching Romantic literature at an unnamed university in Cape Town shortly after the end of apartheid. David has an affair with one of his students, Melanie Isaacs (Antoinette Engel). University officials learn of the incident and bring David before a disciplinary board. David's colleagues offer him a quiet exit to save face, but he brashly affirms his guilt and refuses to admit wrongdoing, forcing the board to punish him more harshly. David takes refuge with his daughter, Lucy (Jessica Haines), who owns a farm in the Eastern Cape. At first, the two experience harmony and Lurie finds peace with himself, though he grows suspicious of Lucy's farm manager, Petrus (Eriq Ebouaney). One day, David and Lucy are attacked by three men, who rape Lucy. David goes through a crisis, not knowing how to cope with his personal and family tragedies. He is also confused by the newfound guilt he suddenly feels about these rapes. In a movement toward penance, David goes back to his former student's home to beg for forgiveness from her and her family.
Sanshodhan	Bollywood	drama	Govind Nihalani	The story is about the Latest Amendment announced by the govt. for reserving one third of the seats in every Village Panchayat (council) for females. It shows how the female leaders find difficulties in raising their voices in the world all of men. Its also about how the intermediaries take most of the money sent by the government and very little reaches the actual receiver. At Parmino, the local village committee is all male. But suddenly comes the announcement that an amendment has been passed in the Indian constitution asking for the Committee to have women as one third of them. The village head, Ratan and members decide to let the women in their families contest on the reserved seats in the hope that they would continue to have their writ run. While Ratan Singh asks his son, Inder, to get Manju, his wife, to contest, the other members get their wives to contest. Also asked to contest is Vidya, the newly marred bride of a poor store owner, Bhanwar, who is indebted to the village head. But Vidya turns the tables on them, asking them to account for the funds for the partially built school.[1][2]
Gone to Earth	British	drama	Michael Powell, Emeric Pressburger	Hazel Woodus (Jennifer Jones) is a child of nature in the Shropshire countryside in 1897. She loves and understands all the wild animals more than the people around her. Whenever she has problems, she turns to the book of spells and charms left to her by her gypsy mother. Local squire Jack Reddin (David Farrar) sees Hazel and wants her, but she has already promised herself to the Baptist minister, Edward Marston (Cyril Cusack). A struggle for her body and soul ensues.
Dutta Vs Dutta	Bengali	drama	Anjan Dutt	Biren Dutta is a lawyer. He is unsuccessful in his career and does not have any client. His wife is an alcoholic.The couple have one son and one daughter. Biren Dutta has an extra-marital affair with his only client.[7] Biren's daughter China first falls in love with Ghenti Kaku, who is of her father's age, and later, with a guy who is involved with Naxalite movement. She runs away with the latter without the permission of her parents.[1][7] Biren’s teenaged son, Rono, comes back from boarding school since Biren can no longer afford pay school fees. Biren wants Rono to be a barrister but Rono wants to become an actor. Biren’s father starts a music school in the house. China comes back with her Naxal husband and is accepted by her father. The couple later settle in the US. One of Rono's Naxalite friends takes shelter in the house to evade the police. Biren, unaware of this, has an altercation with the police when they come to the house searching for the boy. The police take him away to a police station, where he is beaten up, and drop him home 3 days later. Biren suffers a major setback and stops talking to anyone. In the end, Rono gets a role in a film by Mrinal Sen (Anjan Dutta's first film was also with Mrinal Sen). The film ends on that positive note.[7]
Cold Heaven	American	drama	Nicolas Roeg	The plot concerns a lapsed Catholic, Marie Davenport (played by Theresa Russell), who is about to leave her husband Alex (played by Mark Harmon) for her lover, Daniel (played by James Russo), when Alex is apparently killed in a boating accident and then seems to have risen from the dead. The film deals with Marie's dilemma in confronting this apparent miracle.
Jindabyne	Australian	drama	Ray Lawrence	On an annual fishing trip, in isolated high country, Stewart (Gabriel Byrne), Carl (John Howard), Rocco (Stelios Yiakmis) and Billy (Simon Stone) find a girl's body in the river; she has been brutally murdered by Gregory (Chris Haywood), a local electrician. The girl (Tatea Reilly) turns out subsequently to be Aboriginal. The discovery shocks and confuses the men. Only the youngest of the men, Billy, understands this is a crime scene but he is ignored. Billy later leaves the town with his partner and child. The men initially suggest hiking back the following morning as it is too late in the day to safely navigate their way to their trucks. Stewart secures the girl's body by the ankle to the riverbank, so she will not drift downstream and get lost in the rapids. However, Stewart the next day goes fishing and, after catching an especially large fish, the men decide to spend the rest of the afternoon continuing their trip before informing the police in the morning. While the men are gone, some of the men's wives (Jude and Claire) and Rocco's girlfriend (Carmel), get together socially. During their conversation, Jude (Carl's wife) reveals that their daughter died nearly two years ago, leaving them to raise their granddaughter Cailin-Calandria, who has psychological issues and towards whom Jude shows resentment. When Stewart's wife, Claire (Laura Linney) remarks that she does not think Stewart would want more children, Jude reveals that Claire had a mental breakdown after her son Tom was born and left the family for 18 months. The men return home late Sunday night. After reporting the body to the police, they each go to their respective homes. Stewart goes home to Claire and finds her sleeping on her stomach, reminiscent of the posture of the dead body. He talks to her briefly and initiates intimacy. However, he does not disclose the find, which later causes problems when Claire finds out he left the girl's body to keep fishing. The next morning, the police show up at Claire and Stewart's house to ask Stewart to answer some more questions. The men gather in the police station, where the police officer expresses his disgust that they would fish over a dead body instead of reporting it as soon as they could. Claire is stunned that Stewart would do such a thing and keeps trying to understand his reasons. The men come up with a story that Carl strained his ankle thus they could not walk back as early as they would have otherwise. Because the girl was Aboriginal, some believe the men neglected the dead girl out of racism. All of the men's businesses are vandalised in retaliation by Aboriginals, with painted slurs branding them racists. It becomes clear from this point that the western culture of a town that had to be abandoned and rebuilt on higher ground because of a dam and which is peopled by immigrants, is at odds with the ancient belief system of the native Aboriginals. Claire and Elissa (Billy's partner) are the only ones of the group who express any remorse and condemnation for what happened. Jude repeatedly defends her husband Carl, while Carl argues that the girl was already dead and thus it made no difference to her whether they stayed or not. The more Claire pushes Stewart and the others to make amends, the more tensions increase in the town. Prior to the fishing trip, Claire had begun throwing up repeatedly from morning sickness, which she hid from everyone. With her marriage unravelling, and haunted by her post-post-partum breakdown and abandonment of her first child, she inquires of a medical professional about how to get an abortion. However, she has still not gone through with it - nor revealed her pregnancy to Stewart - by the end of the film. Despite encountering hostility from the rest of the group, Claire continues to try to reach out to the girl's family. She gathers donations to give to the girl's family for her funeral. Claire even goes to the family's home and is rebuked. She later returns to give them the money she has gathered. Increasingly troubled that Claire continues to probe for the truth of what happened, Stewart erupts in rage one evening when Claire asks him to talk about it. The two begin fighting physically, while slinging barbs at each other about their past mistakes. The next day, after Billy and his family have left town for the coast, Stewart tells Claire - who he suspects is planning to leave him - that he will never allow her to take his son from him. Carl similarly stands up for Cailin-Calandria after Jude once again shows anger towards her, saying she cannot take her pain of losing their daughter out on their blameless granddaughter. The next day, Claire goes to the memorial service. The rest of the men and their wives, as well as the children, show up to pay their respects, too. When Stewart apologises on behalf of the men, the girl's father throws dirt on him, spits on the ground and walks away, but there are no further objections to their presence. Stewart also asks Claire to come home. Throughout the movie, the murdering electrician continuously pops up around the characters, and even attends the memorial service. He is never caught, though the final scene of the film where he is stung by a wasp before an abrupt cut to black opens the possibility that he is killed.
Phantom Thread	American	drama	Paul Thomas Anderson	In 1954 London, renowned fashion designer Reynolds Woodcock creates dresses for members of high society. His charisma and genius are matched by his obsessive, controlling and sometimes abusive personality. Cyril, his sister, manages the day-to-day operations of his fashion house and has significant influence over his life. Reynolds is haunted by the death of their mother, and stitches hidden messages into the linings of the dresses he makes. After designing a new gown for a revered client, Reynolds visits a restaurant in the countryside and becomes interested in a waitress, Alma. He asks her on a date, and she accepts. Their relationship develops, and she moves in with him, becoming his assistant, muse and lover. Cyril initially distrusts Alma but comes to respect her willfulness and determination. At first, Alma enjoys being a part of Reynolds' work, but he proves aloof and hard to please, and they bicker. When Alma tries to surprise him with a romantic dinner, Reynolds lashes out and they fight. Alma wonders aloud what she is doing in his house beyond either waiting for him to pay attention to her or ask her to leave. In order to regain her power in their relationship and to punish and make Reynolds more vulnerable and needy, Alma laces his tea with a small amount of poisonous mushroom gathered outside his country house. The next morning, dizzy and sweating, while he readies a wedding gown for a Belgian princess, he collapses, damaging the dress and forcing his staff to work all night to repair it. He becomes gravely ill and sees his mother in the room; he tells her how much he misses her. Alma nurses him through his fever; when Cyril brings in a doctor, first Reynolds and then Alma tell the doctor to Fuck off. When Reynolds is well again, he asks Alma to marry him, telling her that there are things that he must do and he cannot do them without her. Alma accepts and they are married. On vacation in the Swiss Alps, once again, Reynolds starts saying cruel and cutting things to Alma both privately and in front of their friends; they fight and defy each other again. As Reynolds' anxiety about his work increases, he complains to Cyril about Alma, who enters the room and overhears the conversation; neither Reynolds nor Alma is perturbed. We see Alma in the forest again, gathering mushrooms. One evening, she prepares a poisoned omelette as Reynolds watches her from the dining room table. As he slowly chews his first bite, she informs him that she wants him weak and vulnerable with only her to take care of him; after that, she wants him strong again. Reynolds implicitly consents by swallowing one bite of the omelette, responding, Kiss me, my girl, before I'm sick. In the next scene, they are in Reynolds' bedroom: Alma sits with Reynolds, in pajamas with a pan in his lap; they smile happily and kiss before he tells her that it's time for her to leave the room to which she responds, I'll be right outside the door. Later in a voiceover, Alma imagines their future with children, a rich social life, and her running the dressmaking business as a partner. We see Alma pushing a baby carriage which she hands over to Cyril so that she and Reynolds can go out. In the present moment, we see Reynolds with his head in Alma's lap as they enjoy the fireplace; Reynolds remarks that he is getting hungry.
The Weaker Sex	British	drama	Roy Ward Baker	Set near Portsmouth, the main base for the D-Day invasion fleet, the film portrays life on the British home front during World War II. During the run up to D-Day, widowed Martha Dacre tries to keep house and home together for her two serving daughters and servicemen billeted on her. While her son is away in the Navy, she has chosen to stay at home as a housewife, but when she learns that his ship has been damaged during the landings, she experiences regrets about not taking a more active role in the war.
The Glass Shield	American	drama	Charles Burnett	John J. J. Johnson is a rookie deputy sheriff in the Los Angeles Sheriff's Department. Because of his inexperience and race, he experiences tension with his white colleagues as their first black deputy. Although he initially clashes with Deputy Deborah Fields, the department's first female deputy, they strike up a friendship. While on patrol, Johnson backs up Deputy Bono when he stops a black man, Teddy Woods, at a gas station. When Bono runs Woods' drivers license, he finds a warrant for his arrest. Woods reveals he has a stolen pistol in his car, and the police officers arrest him. Deputy Fields is the second deputy to the scene of a murder, but Detectives Baker and Hall dismiss her observations. Mr. Greenspan says a black man murdered his wife in a botched robbery, and the detectives pressure Woods to confess after they trace his stolen pistol to the murder. Woods defiantly proclaims his innocence, frustrating his lawyer, James Locket, who advises him to show less attitude in court. At the same time, community activist Reverend Banks raises awareness of the death of a black prisoner whom he believes to have been murdered by the police while in custody. Johnson dismisses the concerns of his family and girlfriend, saying there is no evidence of this. While coaching Bono on what to say at the trial, Johnson's commander, Clarence Massey, learns that Bono stopped Woods because of his race. Frustrated, Massey instructs him to come up with a better excuse. Bono suggests a traffic violation and later requests that Johnson back him up. Johnson agrees, and Massey praises him for his loyalty and dependability while chastising Fields for her refusal to fit in better. At the trial, Locket points out holes in the police testimony, making Johnson wonder if he made the right decision. Fields joins Johnson in investigating what really happened. With help from a whistleblower, they discover numerous cover-ups that involve Baker, Hall, and Massey. As the trial progresses and Greenspan's testimony proves problematic, Massey has Baker murder Greenspan to prevent him from becoming a liability. Hall, sick from cancer, dies at the station. Tensions rise as Johnson and Fields continue pursuing their own investigation, and they become further paranoid when Johnson insists they were intentionally given faulty intelligence during a drug raid. After Fields is hospitalized following an assault, Johnson and Baker come to blows. Massey breaks them up and temporarily places Johnson in a jail cell. When released, he delivers incriminating evidence to Locket that implicates Baker in various crimes, including the murder of the black prisoner and framing Woods. The jury can not reach a verdict. Facing a widespread investigation of police corruption that goes to the city council and mayor's office, the district attorney offers to drop the charges against Woods. Locket, with the reluctant backing of a city councilman, instead pushes for a new trial, which the judge accepts. Bono turns state's evidence and testifies against Johnson, admitting that the two committed perjury. Caught up in the probe, Johnson pleads guilty and receives a suspended sentence. After the sheriff's department is disbanded, Massey retires, Baker is sentenced to four years and is in an honor prison while appealing. The unit is disbanded and the other officers including Bono are reassigned.
Nelly	Canadian	drama	Anne Émond	Isabelle Fortier is a young girl who develops a relationship and becomes engaged to a man, with whom she shares a cocaine habit. Their relationship deteriorates. Taking the pseudonym Cynthia, Isabelle becomes a prostitute. She receives rave online customer reviews, from clients who praise her for her physical features, service and aptitude in various sex acts. She begins to write about her experiences, submitting her first novel under the pen name Nelly Arcan to an editorial committee, who regard it with a combination of shock and interest. The publisher Mathieu travels to Montreal to meet her, inquiring if the stories contained in the novel are autobiographical. Initially questioning the importance of the novel's truthfulness, Nelly replies the stories are a combination of reality and invention. She also lies and says she is 26, as she had always wished to be published before turning 30. The novel exceeds the bestseller benchmark of 5,000 sales, with 30,000 copies sold in Quebec and France. Nelly receives critical acclaim and is nominated for prestigious European literary awards. At the same time, she is conflicted about the exposure, feeling as if she lost something with the publication of the novel. Her adoring public is intrigued and eager to learn more about whether the stories she tells are true, while she becomes panicked that her next book may not sell or may be a critical failure. One reader inquires about an episode in her work where a prostitute jumps from a building to escape a violent client, which Nelly had extracted from a dream, and questions her about her later books falling in sales. In confession, Nelly speaks of how everything in her life seems to be killing her, and questions if Nelly Arcan or Isabelle Fortier is the real mask. She finally commits suicide after three books have been published, with a fourth published posthumously.
Postmen in the Mountains	Chinese	drama	Huo Jianqi	The film is set in the mountainous regions of the western Hunan province in the early 1980s. At the film's start, a young man (Liu Ye) begins his first journey as a postman at the mountainous rural areas of the aforesaid regions. His father (Teng Rujun), a veteran postman forced to retire due to a bad knee, decides to accompany him together with the family's faithful dog, Buddy. The father walks his son through the nitty-gritty of the job, and the son realizes the mailman job entails not just the sending of letters. He witnesses his father's deep friendship with the villagers, and participates in a wedding celebration with the Dong people. The film includes a number of memory flashbacks, as well as many pop songs played on the son's transistor radio (including Michael Learns to Rock's That's Why You Go Away, which is an anachronism given that the film is set in the early 1980s).
Janala	Bengali	drama	Buddhadeb Dasgupta	The film attempts to touch the nostalgia of childhood. The story of the film revolves around an urban couple Bimal and Meera and a broken window of Bimal's school's classroom. Bimal plans to visit his school where he spent many years of his childhood. When he visits the school, he finds the building in a very ill condition. He specially notices one broken window of a classroom corner where he used to sit daily and look outside through the window. Though Bimal has little money, he wants to donate something to school authority to repair that window. Since Bimal does not have sufficient money, he uses the money from his fiancée Meera's savings without informing her. When Bimal presents the window to the school authority, they reject it. Conditions get worse when Meera learns about it and she breaks relation with Bimal.[1][4]
Jewboy	Australian	drama	Tony Krawitz	The film tells of a young Orthodox Jewish man's struggle after the death of his father. The young man returns from Israel to find that he would prefer to leave Orthodoxy, and departs from his remaining family to become a taxi driver. He gradually assimilates into secular life, soon finding himself tempted to fornicate. The film appears to mimic the Parable of the Prodigal Son, with the main character appearing to reconsider Orthodox life at the end of the film by reuniting with his family.
Mine Own Executioner	British	drama	Anthony Kimmins	Felix Milne (Meredith) is an overworked psychologist with psychological problems of his own. Molly Lucian has a husband traumatized from having been in a Japanese POW camp, and she needs Milne's help in treating her husband, Adam. Adam is about to become severely schizophrenic. To make matters worse, Felix finds his own home life deteriorating.
Icche	Bengali	drama	Nandita Roy & Shibaprasad Mukherjee	Manas is an insurance agent. He lives with his wife Mamata and son Shamik. Mamata is dissatisfied by her husband's outlook and dreams of bringing up her son differently. But, when Shamik grows up he starts rebelling against his mother's decisions and dominance. At the age of 16, Shamik falls in his first crush, Debjani. When hawk-eyed Mamata learns about this relationship she becomes worried as she is sceptical about that girl's nature and thinks she is not good for her son. Mamata gears up to break her son's relationship with that girl. She also tries to win over her son's attention and affection.[12] Although she is successful in breaking the relationship, all this effort pushes her away from her son even more. Cut to present day, Shamik is now a college student. He is in his second year and is in a relationship with Jayanti, a girl of first year. Mamata discovers this relationship and tries to sabotage it in every way. She even goes to the extent of bringing back Debjani, Shamik's first girlfriend, by meeting her parents and offering her son to them as their son-in-law. Manas tries to tell his wife about the ill-effects of her behaviour. But she pays no attention. The talks of marriage are finalised without Shamik's knowledge. But Shamik had another plans - he had already married Jayanti and was leaving for Mumbai. He declares this to a shocked Mamata and leaves the house. The touching climax of the film shows Mamata clutching the old toys and medals of Shamik and remembering his childhood, revealing that she never could quite accept that Shamik has grown up now and had a personal life. She still believes he is her little son who is unaware of his own well-being.
Waltzes from Vienna	British	drama	Alfred Hitchcock	Waltzes from Vienna begins the sound of the fire brigade horn and the clip-clop of horses’ hooves, as the firemen race towards a fire at Ebezeder’s Café. Upstairs from the café, Resi and Schani are oblivious to the danger, lost in a love duet that concludes with Schani telling Resi that he has dedicated his newest song to her. At the same time, Schani’s music attracts the attention of the Countess Helga von Stahl, who is shopping in the dressmaker’s store next door. Schani and Resi’s romantic interlude is interrupted by Leopold, a baker in Resi’s father's café who is in love with Resi, as he awkwardly climbs up the ladder to save her. Schani and Leopold argue over who will save Resi from the fire, but Leopold eventually wins and hauls Resi over his shoulder and down the ladder, causing her to lose her skirt on the way. Resi races to the dressmaker’s shop to get away from the laughter of the onlookers. Schani retrieves Resi’s skirt and then stumbles into the dressmaker’s in search of Resi, where he meets the Countess. When the Countess learns that Schani is an aspiring musician, she proposes that he set some of her verses to music. As the Countess offers Schani her card, Resi enters the room and becomes immediately suspicious of the Countess’s intentions. With the romantic triangle set up, the next scene sets up the conflict between Schani and his father. At orchestra rehearsal, in which Schani plays second violin under his father’s baton, Schani gets himself in trouble when he insults his father’s music to his stand partner. The elder Strauss overhears and demands that Schani perform one of his own compositions for the members of the orchestra. Strauss Sr. then ridicules his son’s waltz and tells him he could never have a career as a composer, inciting Schani to quit the orchestra. Excited by his newfound freedom and the commission from the Countess, Schani visits Resi at her father’s bakery to tell her his news. Resi initially berates Schani and informs him that, if he wants to marry her, he will have to give up music and take over the bakery. However, when she reads the Countess’s lyrics, she is drawn into the music, singing the opening of The Blue Danube waltz to Schani. Their moment of composition is interrupted when Resi’s father arrives to give Schani a tour of the bakery. As Schani and Ebezeder walk into the basement, a memorable and unusual scene of musical composition begins. While Schani looks around, the tune that Resi sang begins to evolve. Two men throwing bread back and forth inspire the second phrase of the melody; a man tossing croissants into a box creates the offbeat rhythm of the waltz. The rhythm of the dough mixing machine provides Schani with the second main theme of the first waltz. As he tells the begrudging Leopold to go faster, this second theme turns into the beginning of the second large section of piece, at which point Schani runs upstairs, exclaiming to Resi that he has finished the composition. He then rushes off to tell the Countess that he has composed the perfect waltz to accompany her verses. The next scene opens with Schani playing the final measures of the waltz to the Countess. After he finishes, she kisses him and then apologizes profusely, explaining that she was overwhelmed by his wonderful music. Schani then plays the second section of the waltz while her hand rests possessively on his shoulder, which, through a dissolve, becomes Resi’s hand. After thanking Resi for coming up with the phrase, Schani agrees to dedicate the song to her. As the scene fades away, the page with Schani’s dedication to Resi flips up to reveal another page with the same title, but dedicated to the Countess. The duplicitous dedication is discovered when Resi hears Schani and the Countess playing the waltz for the publisher, Anton Drexler. Schani runs after Resi to explain and they reconcile only when Schani tells her that he will give up his music to work in the bakery. However, Schani is clearly miserable in his new job and he fights with Resi when he receives an invitation from the Countess to attend St. Stephen’s Festival. Resi tells Schani that, if he attends, it will mean the end of their relationship. Meanwhile, the Countess plots a ruse that will cause Strauss Sr. to be late for the festival so that Schani can take his father's place to conduct his new waltz. As Schani conducts The Blue Danube at the festival, all of the film’s conflicts come to a climax. The Countess detains the elder Strauss by asking the dancers at the festival to play to his ego, requesting that he play his waltzes over and over for their pleasure in a back room. Strauss Sr. finally arrives to find that his son has taken his place, performing for an enthusiastic audience. Meanwhile, Resi laments that Schani betrayed her by coming to the festival at the Countess’s command. Following the performance, the elder Strauss angrily tells his son that he had not authorized the performance, as the Countess had led him to believe. Schani leaves the festival in confusion and the Countess follows him home where they share another kiss. However, the romantic moment is interrupted by the Count, who, upon learning where the Countess had gone, left the party in a rage. Fortunately, Resi arrives in time to sneak in the back and replace the Countess, who then walks back up the front stairs to surprise her husband, as the crowd outside hums The Blue Danube Waltz.
The Cook, the Thief, His Wife & Her Lover	British	drama	Peter Greenaway	English gangster Albert Spica has taken over the high-class Le Hollandais Restaurant, run by French chef Richard Boarst. Spica makes nightly appearances at the restaurant with his retinue of thugs. His oafish behavior causes frequent confrontations with the staff and his own customers, whose patronage he loses, but whose money he seems not to miss. Forced to accompany Spica is his reluctant, well-bred wife, Georgina, who soon catches the eye of a quiet regular at the restaurant, bookshop owner Michael. Under her husband's nose, Georgina carries on an affair with Michael with the help of the restaurant staff. Ultimately Spica learns of the affair, forcing Georgina to hide out at Michael's book depository. Boarst sends food to Georgina through his young employee Pup, a boy soprano who sings while working. Spica tortures the boy before finding the bookstore's location written in a book the boy is carrying. Spica's men storm Michael's bookshop while Georgina is visiting the boy in hospital. They torture Michael to death by force-feeding him pages from his books. Georgina discovers his body when she returns. Overcome with rage and grief, she begs Boarst to cook Michael's body, and he eventually complies. Together with all the people that Spica wronged throughout the film, Georgina confronts her husband finally at the restaurant and forces him at gunpoint to eat a mouthful of Michael's cooked body. Spica obeys, gagging. Georgina then shoots him in the head, calling him a cannibal.
Scent of a Woman	American	drama	Martin Brest	Charlie Simms is a student at the Baird School, an exclusive New England prep school. Unlike most of his peers, Charlie was not born into a wealthy family, and attends the school on a scholarship. To pay for a flight home to Oregon for Christmas, Charlie accepts a temporary job over Thanksgiving weekend looking after retired Army Ranger Lieutenant Colonel Frank Slade, whom Charlie discovers to be a cantankerous, blind alcoholic. Charlie and George Willis, Jr., another student at the Baird School, witness three students setting up a prank that publicly humiliates the headmaster, Mr. Trask. Incensed over the prank, Trask quickly learns of the two student witnesses and presses Charlie and George to divulge the names of the perpetrators. Once George has left the office, Trask offers Charlie a bribe: a letter of recommendation that would virtually guarantee his acceptance to Harvard. Charlie remains silent, but is conflicted about what to do. Shortly after Charlie arrives, Frank unexpectedly whisks Charlie off on a trip to New York City. Frank reserves a room at the Waldorf-Astoria. During dinner at the Oak Room, Frank glibly states the goals of the trip, which involve enjoying luxurious accommodations in New York before committing suicide. Charlie is taken aback and does not know if Frank is serious. They pay an uninvited visit to Frank's brother's home in White Plains for Thanksgiving dinner. Frank is an unpleasant surprise for the family, as he deliberately provokes everyone and the night ends in acrimony. During this time, the cause of Frank's blindness is also revealed: he was juggling live hand grenades, showing off for a group of second lieutenants, and one of the grenades exploded. As they return to New York City, Charlie tells Frank about his complications at school. Frank advises Charlie to inform on his classmates and go to Harvard, warning him that George will probably give in to the pressure to talk, and Charlie had better cash in before George does. Later at a restaurant, Frank is aware of Donna, a young woman waiting for her date. Although blind, Frank leads Donna in a spectacular tango (Por una Cabeza) on the dance floor. That night, he hires a female escort. Deeply despondent the next morning, Frank is initially uninterested in Charlie's proposals for something to do until he suggests they test drive a Ferrari Mondial t. Frank smooth-talks the initially-reluctant Ferrari dealership salesman into letting Charlie, who Frank says is his son, test-drive the car. Once on the road, Frank is unenthusiastic until Charlie allows him to drive, quickly getting the attention of a police officer. Once again being calm and charming in a potentially difficult situation, Frank talks the officer into letting them go without giving away his blindness. When they return to the hotel, Frank sends Charlie out on a list of errands. Charlie initially leaves the room but quickly becomes suspicious. Charlie returns to find Frank in his full dress blues uniform, preparing to commit suicide with a pistol from which Charlie had made Frank promise to remove the bullets earlier. Frank simply says I lied as he loads the sidearm. Charlie intervenes and attempts to grab Frank's pistol. Frank, however, easily overpowers him, threatening to shoot Charlie before himself. They enter a tense fight, with both grappling for the gun; however, Frank backs down after Charlie bravely calms him. The two return to New England. At school, Charlie and George are subjected to a formal inquiry in front of the entire student body and the student/faculty disciplinary committee. As Headmaster Trask is opening the proceedings, Frank unexpectedly returns to the school, joining Charlie on the auditorium stage for support. For his defense, George has enlisted the help of his wealthy father, using his poor vision as an excuse before naming all three of the perpetrators. When pressed for more details, George passes the burden to Charlie. Although struggling with his decision, Charlie gives no information, so Trask recommends Charlie's expulsion. Frank cannot contain himself and launches into a passionate speech defending Charlie and questioning the integrity of a school that punishes students for defending their classmates and rewards those for snitching. Frank reveals that there was an attempt to buy Charlie's testimony and that regardless of whether his silence is right or wrong, Charlie refuses to sell anybody out to advance his future. Frank tells the committee that Charlie has shown integrity in his actions and insists they don't expel him because this is what great leaders are made of, and promises that if allowed to continue on, Charlie will make them proud in the future. After brief deliberations, the disciplinary committee decide to place the students named by George on probation, deny George of any accolades for his testimony and excuse Charlie from punishment, allowing him to have no further involvement in the proceedings. On this announcement, the hall erupts to thunderous applause from the students. As Charlie escorts Frank to his limo, a female political science teacher, Christine Downes, who is part of the disciplinary committee, approaches him, commending him for his speech. Seeing a spark between them, Charlie tells Downes that Frank served on President Lyndon Johnson's staff. In their brief encounter, Frank deftly establishes Downes is single and surprises her by correctly identifying her perfume scent as Fleurs de Rocaille; they agree to get together sometime and talk politics. Charlie takes Frank home. The colonel walks towards his house and happily greets his niece's young children as Charlie watches by the limo.
The World Owes Me a Living	British	drama	Vernon Sewell	In June 1944, Air Commodore Paul Collyer (Farrar) crash lands his plane on return from a reconnaissance mission. He appears to be suffering from amnesia and is unable to pass on the vital information he learned from the mission. The surgeon diagnoses no actual injury to the brain, but states that the memory loss is most likely attributable to shock, and in such cases memory is most often recovered through some mental jolt from the past. Moira Barrett (Campbell) is summoned to his bedside; he seems to recognise her, and his mind starts to go into flashback mode. Paul is seen as part of a flying circus display at which Moira is a spectator. A serious accident to one of the planes brings them together. That evening he meets old flame Eve Heatherley (Sonia Dresdel), who is now engaged Paul's friend Jack Graves (Jack Livesey). He runs into Moira again, and they talk of her passion for flying. The display accident causes the flying circus to fold and Paul is out of a job. He drifts from job to job for a time, before running into Chuck Rockley (Eric Barker), a fellow performer in the old flying circus, who informs him that he and Jack are starting a new flying circus to be financed by Eve, now married to Jack. Paul accepts the offer to join them, and together they open the Pegasus Flying Field. The venture is a success, but Eve soon loses interest and starts to take an interest in Jerry Frazer, a local ex-pilot. One afternoon an aircraft makes an emergency landing at Pegasus, and it turns out that the pilot is Moira, who is training for a record-breaking long-distance flight. She says she is looking for a co-pilot and asks Jack, who is talked out of it by Eve, and Paul, who refuses on the grounds of the plan being too risky. He does however agree to give Moira instruction in blind flying. The Pegasus pilots are offered the opportunity to earn extra money by flying at night to give the local RAF station the opportunity to practise searchlight operations. Moira accompanies Paul on one flight, but the plane develops engine trouble and they have to land away from base. They check into a local hotel for the night and realise that they are in love. Meanwhile, Jerry, encouraged by Eve, is working on an idea he has for freight-carrying gliders. When Eve dies suddenly and unexpectedly, Jack steps in to help Jerry with his ideas. Initially there is little commercial interest in the glider idea, until finally an aviation company offers to build a prototype if Pegasus will agree to finance a transatlantic test flight. Moira agrees to front up the cash as long as she is allowed to join the flight. The glider is built and preparations are finalised for its inaugural flight when an inspection by the Air Ministry calls a halt, as the prototype is too close in design to a craft secretly being worked on by their own designers. In recompense, the Air Ministry offers to buy out the Pegasus concern and provide the Pegasus men with RAF piloting jobs. Everyone is happy apart from Moira, who is bitterly disappointed about losing the chance of a transatlantic flight. Paul asks her to marry him. The action returns to the present, where Paul's memory is obviously returning. He starts to question Moira but she tells him that he is over-tired and they will discuss things the following day. She leaves his bedside and goes into an ante-room, where she is met by two small children asking, Can we see Daddy now?
No Highway in the Sky	British	drama	Henry Koster	Theodore Honey (James Stewart), an eccentric boffin with the Royal Aircraft Establishment, is working on solving a difficult aviation crash problem. A widower with a 12-year-old daughter, Elspeth (Janette Scott), Honey is sent from Farnborough to investigate the crash of a Rutland Reindeer airliner in Labrador, Canada. He theorizes the accident happened because of the tailplane's structural failure, caused by sudden metal fatigue after 1440 flight hours. To test the theory in his laboratory, a rear airframe is being vibrated at a very high rate in daily eight-hour cycles. It is not until Honey finds himself on board a Reindeer airliner that he realizes he is flying on an early production aircraft that is close to the number of hours his theory projects for the metal fatigue failure. Despite the fact that his theory is not yet proven, he decides to warn the aircrew and Hollywood actress Monica Teasdale (Marlene Dietrich), a fellow passenger. After the Reindeer safely lands at Gander Airport in Newfoundland, an inspection clears the aircraft to continue on its route. Honey then takes drastic action to stop the flight by activating the Reindeer's landing gear lever, dropping the airliner on its belly and seriously damaging it. Shocked by the act, some of his colleagues demand that he be declared insane to discredit his unproved theory and save the reputation of British passenger aviation now awash in a sea of bad press. Teasdale and an airline stewardess Marjorie Corder (Glynis Johns) both take a liking to Mr. Honey and Elspeth, who they discover is lonely and isolated from her schoolmates. Teasdale speaks to Honey's superiors on his behalf, claiming she believes in him. Corder, meanwhile, has stayed on with Honey and his daughter as a nurse. Having now observed Honey's many qualities beyond his minor eccentricities, and after becoming very close to Elspeth, she decides to make the arrangement permanent by marrying the scientist. During a hearing in which his sanity is questioned, Honey angrily protests, refusing to be railroaded. He resigns and walks out, threatening to collapse other Rutland Reindeers until all the aircraft are grounded. He then goes back to his laboratory to prove his metal fatigue theory is sound, but the time he predicted for the structural failure soon passes without anything happening. The Reindeer airliner he disabled at Gander, however, is repaired, and shortly after it completes a test flight, the tail falls off while taxiing. Shortly thereafter, the same thing happens to the tail frame in the laboratory, and Honey discovers that he failed to include temperature as a variable factor in his fatigue calculations.
The Seventh Sign	American	drama	Carl Schultz	Around the world, unusual phenomena are occurring that bear resemblance to signs of the Biblical apocalypse; these include a mass death of sea life in Haiti and a devastating freeze in the Middle East, and at each of these locations, a mysterious traveler (Jürgen Prochnow) opens a sealed envelope just prior to the event taking place. The Vatican tasks Father Lucci (Peter Friedman) with investigating these events, though Lucci advises that they are all either hoaxes or have other explanations. Concurrently to this, Abby Quinn (Demi Moore), a pregnant woman living in California, prepares for the birth of her child. Her husband, Russell (Michael Biehn), is the defense lawyer representing Jimmy Szaragosa (John Taylor), a mentally handicapped man dubbed the Word of God Killer after murdering his incestuous parents and claiming he did so because of God's guidance. Jimmy is convicted of the crime; Russell hopes to convince the court that he should be spared the death penalty. In order to raise additional money for when their child is born, Abby and Russell rent a room to the mysterious traveler, who identifies himself with the name David Bannon. Soon thereafter, the usually hopeless Abby begins to have terrible nightmares of a man resembling Bannon being struck down by a soldier, who then demands would you die for him? of her. Abby also learns of the apocalyptic signs that have occurred, and combined with her nightmares and Bannon's suspicious behavior, she begins to worry that something terrible is taking place. She snoops through Bannon's papers and discovers an ancient note that leads her to believe he intends to harm her child. When Abby confronts Bannon about this, he tells her that God's grace is empty and soon, no souls will remain to be given to newborn people. Abby panics and stabs Bannon, only for him to shrug off the injury and claim that he cannot die again. It becomes apparent that David Bannon is actually the Second Coming of Jesus Christ. Abby's nightmares are visions of his original crucifixion, and she is the reincarnation of Seraphia, the woman who offered Jesus water prior to his death only to be turned away by Cartaphilus, Pilate's porter who struck Jesus. The signs of the apocalypse continue to unfold, eventually causing a giant storm. Abby connects with Avi (Manny Jacobs), a Jewish man who helps her understand these events and their meaning. Father Lucci, who has come to California as part of his investigation, finds her and hears her concerns. However, while meeting with Lucci, Abby spots a ring on his finger identical to the one Cartaphilus wore and learns that Lucci is Cartaphilus himself, cursed to wander the Earth until Christ's return to judge humanity. He intends to allow the apocalypse to take place so his curse will finally be broken, allowing him to die. Abby flees from Lucci with Avi's aid, and together the two of them go to a motel to find a Bible and learn what will happen next. They discover that the sixth sign will be a solar eclipse that will take place the next day, meaning that the fifth sign — the tortured death of a martyr for God's cause — must take place very soon. Abby sees a television broadcast announcing that clemency has been denied to Jimmy, who will be immediately executed, and realizes that his death is the fifth sign. In a panic, she calls Russell and drives to the prison where the execution will take place in a desperate attempt to stop it. However, Lucci has already infiltrated the prison as a priest, intent on guaranteeing the apocalypse cannot be stopped. Abby manages to reach the others before the execution occurs, but when Lucci sees her, he steals a gun from one of the guards and attempts to kill Jimmy himself. Abby leaps in the way of his shots and is wounded, and the guards shoot Lucci, but they are unable to save Jimmy, who is killed by a shot to the head. Almost immediately, the eclipse begins, triggering the sixth sign, a catastrophic earthquake. Despondent over her failure to save Jimmy and the rest of humanity, Abby goes into labor and is rushed through the disaster to a nearby hospital. Despite the best efforts of Russell and the doctors to help her, the child's heart stops beating as Abby gives birth, thus fulfilling the seventh and final sign, the birth of the soulless child. However, Abby has another vision of her past as Seraphia and remembers Cartaphilus' demand. Finally finding true hope, Abby answers the question in the affirmative—I will die for him—and reaches out to her child, who revives and holds her finger. Her soul is thus transferred to the child, saving him at the cost of her own life. This act of faith ends the apocalypse. Jesus appears in the hospital and tells Russell that Abby's sacrifice has refilled the Hall of Souls, ensuring that humanity will continue to survive. Jesus leaves, but not before telling Avi to remember the events he has witnessed and write them down for future generations.
Main Tulsi Tere Aangan Ki	Bollywood	drama	Raj Khosla	Main Tulsi Tere Aangan Ki is about an aristocrat, Thakur Rajnath Singh Chouhan (Vijay Anand), who is in love with his mistress Tulsi (Asha Parekh) but forced to marry a strong aristocratic woman named Sanjukta (Nutan). Tulsi sacrifices her life, some time after giving birth to Rajnath's son Ajay, because she wants Sanjukta to have her husband all to herself. Rajnath and Sanjukta send Ajay to boarding school to prevent him from bearing the stigma of being an illegitimate child. Sanjukta and Rajnath have a son, Pratap. Rajnath dies in a horse-riding accident. Sanjukta makes regular visits to the boarding school to see Ajay and, when he grows up, she brings him home. Sanjukta makes Ajay (Vinod Khanna) into not only a very important man but also shields him every time and finally confesses before the public that Ajay is her husband's first son and therefore, is entitled to respect. However, her own son Pratap (Deb Mukherjee) feels slighted and becomes wayward. Some people around them also try to further damage the relations between the two brothers. However, for every sin of the younger brother, Ajay protects him and takes the blame. Sanjukta, not knowing the actual situation, gets disturbed. At one stage, she blames Ajay for every wrong thing which actually has been done by her own son. Ajay leaves the house. But soon thereafter, the situation changes and the men standing in support of Pratap feel deceived as he lets them down. In the climax, these men try to kill Pratap, but Ajay, who comes to know of this plan, rescues his brother. Then, Pratap realizes his half-brother's kindness. He surrenders to Ajay and accepts him as the elder brother. The family reunites.
Bidaya wa Nihaya (Beginning and End)	Egyptian	drama	Salah Abu Seif	The film portrays the lives of the members of an Egyptian family, who are three brothers, their sister Nefisah (Sanaa Gamil) and their mother (Amina Rizk), after the family's patriarch's death. The older brother Sultan (Farid Shawki) turns to crime, while the younger brother, Hassan, leaves Cairo to work in another city. The youngest brother, Hassanein (Omar Sharif), aspires to be a police officer, and in order to achieve that he puts his family into financial difficulties. Nefisah falls in love and has an affair with the local grocer's son (Salah Mansour) and when he doesn't marry her, she works as a prostitute to support her brother. The tragic ending of the film is one of the most memorable in Egyptian films; Nefisah gets arrested by the police and her brother Hassanien bails her out. After an intense argument between her and her brother, Nefisah commits suicide by throwing herself in the Nile followed by her brother, who throws himself in too.
Moner Manush	Bangladeshi	drama	Goutam Ghose	Rabindranath Tagore's elder brother Jyotirindranath Tagore, a Western educated bright young man from the 19th century Bengal met the octogenarian Lalan Fakir and drew a portrait of the poet saint in the former houseboat afloat on the Padma river. Jyotirindranath, an urban intellectual, exchanges views with the man of native wisdom. Their exchange of ideas forms the cinematic narrative of this film. The narrative is a saga of the life and time of Lalan Fakir and his liberal sect who lived a life of high order in an otherwise superstitious 19th century Indian society. Lalan inherited the best of the liberal and enlightened tradition of Hinduism, Buddhism and Islam to develop a philosophy of life which is extremely secular and tolerant. Thus became an easy prey for the fundamentalists from the Hindu and the Muslim institutions. They were the parallel stream flowing freely in the heart of rural Bengal when men like Tagore were germinating ideas of the Bengal Renaissance. The love and compassion of Lalan is relevant more than ever in today’s world of intolerance and hate.
Mera Saathi	Bollywood	drama	K. Raghavendra Rao	Ranga (Jeetendra) a rowdy, lives alone, one day an unknown girl named Ragini (Jayaprada) enters into his house accidentally and changes his way of living. Ranga comes to know that she ran away from home to protect herself from Bansi Das (Shakti Kapoor) who wants to marry her for her property. Ranga protects her from him and marries her and lives a happy life. One day Ragini comes to know that he is in a line of crime: she asks him to change his lifestyle; Ranga changes his entire lifestyle and joins as a worker in a factory, he and Ragini lives very happily; they are blessed with a daughter. After some time, when the factory runs into heavy losses Ranga takes the same factory on lease, develops it and becomes a millionaire. After a few years their daughter Shanthi (Mandakini) whom Ranga loves more than anyone else, loves a guy Shyam (Rajeev Kapoor) who is in the trap of Bansi Das. Ranga comes to know this and he doesn't agree with their marriage but, Shanthi marries Shyam without his permission, Shyam takes away the entire property of Ranga and sends him and Ragini away from their house, then Bansi Das cheats Shyam and keeps him in his custody, and as Ranga comes to know this, he protects Shyam from Bansi Das, Shyam also realizes his mistakes and then they all live happily.
Market	South_Korean	drama	Lee Man-hee	Bok-nyeo, a mentally handicapped woman, supports her lazy husband by selling apples at the public marketplace. When her husband abandons her for another woman, another man who sympathizes with Bok-nyeo, kills him.[4]
White Room	American	drama	Patricia Rozema	Norm is a confused young man who is drawn into events after witnessing the murder of rock star Madeleine X (Margot Kidder). Jane, a mysterious woman, meets Norm at Madeleine X's funeral, and Zelda, a quirky bohemian artist, helps Norm get a job and attempt to solve the murder.
Morgan!	British	drama	Karel Reisz	Morgan Delt (David Warner) is a failed artist, who was raised as a communist by his parents. His upper-class wife, Leonie (Vanessa Redgrave), has given up on him and is in the process of getting a divorce in order to marry Charles Napier (Robert Stephens), an art gallery owner of her own social standing. Given the innately rich and personal world of fantasy Morgan has locked himself into, he goes off the deep end. He performs a series of bizarre stunts in a campaign to win back Leonie, including putting a skeleton in her bed and blowing up the bed as her mother sits on it. When these stunts fail, Morgan secures the help of his mother's wrestler friend Wally The Gorilla (Arthur Mullard) to kidnap Leonie, who still nurtures residual feelings of love tinged with pity for Morgan. The plan fails, and Morgan is arrested and imprisoned. After escaping, he crashes the wedding reception of Leonie and Charles dressed as a gorilla, for which scene Reisz borrows clips from King Kong to illustrate Morgan's fantasy world. Morgan flees the wedding on a motorcycle with his gorilla suit on fire. He is subsequently committed to an insane asylum. Here, Leonie visits him looking visibly pregnant. With a wink, Leonie tells him he is the child's father. Morgan returns to tending a flowerbed as the camera pulls out to a longshot of the entire circular flowerbed with the enclosed flowers arranged into a hammer and sickle.
Too Good to Be True	American	drama	Christian I. Nyby, II	Richard Harland an author, and his son, Danny, are visiting Richard's attorney and friend, Glen for the summer. Richard is a widower whose wife was killed in a car accident that crippled Danny. When they arrive, a beautiful woman, Ellen Berent, catches Richard's eye and it is revealed that she is also staying at Glen's with her mother, Margaret, and sister, Ruth. Glen tries to dissuade Richard from pursuing Ellen by mentioning her engagement to Russell Quinton, but a smitten Richard tells him to mind his own business. Ellen is also taken with Richard and ends her engagement with Russell to be with Richard. Ellen convinces Richard to marry her, and they do so quickly. Ellen soon shows her darkside by becoming manipulitive and jealous. At their lake house, she causes a rift between Richard and the long time caretaker by insinuating that he hit on her. She fires Danny's long time caregiver. When Margaret and Ruth visit, Richard talks to Ruth about using her artwork for the cover of his upcoming book causing Ellen to have a fit. Ellen has been teaching Danny how to do distance swimming to the buoys while she sits in a row boat. One day, Danny complains of a cramp and Ellen ignores his pleas for help. Richard, inside working, hears Danny's screams for help and rushes out onto the water in a speed boat. Ellen pretends to try and help look for him as they both repeatedly dive in the water, but it is too late, and Danny drowns. Richard becomes more withdrawn from Ellen and begins sleeping in a guest bedroom at their house. Ellen panics as she loses her grip on Richard, and she goes in the guest room and wakes him up and they have sex. Ellen announces she is pregnant and they seem happy for a little while. Ellen tells Ruth she hates being pregnant and that Richard only cares about the baby, not her. Ellen sees her doctor and tells her she wants an abortion and she has not discussed it with Richard. The doctor, who also a friend of Richard's says she cannot perform the abortion and be expected to keep it a secret from Richard, telling Ellen she'll have to go somewhere else. Ellen sneaks out of the house and goes to the lake house, where she stages her acidental fall, causing her to lose the baby. Richard, who has begun spending more time with Ruth, admits to her that he thinks Ellen losing the baby was for the best, and that he plans on leaving her because he does not love her anymore, and was only staying with her because of the baby. Ellen makes the connection that Richard is involved with Ruth when she sees the cover of his new book, with Ruth's art. Richard tells her they need some time apart and that he is going to New York for a few days. Beside herself, Ellen begins plotting revenge. Ellen tells Ruth about the sleepless nights and nightmares she has been having and asks Ruth for her prescription barbiturate sleeping pills. Ruth goes to get them for her, and Ellen looks through her purse and finds a plane ticket to New York. Ellen opens all of the capsules and dumps the powder into a sweetner packet and then puts the capsules back together, filling them with talcum powder. At Ellen's birthday party, she asks Richard to talk to her privately in another room, and she alludes to knowing what is going on between he and Ruth. As they argue, he confronts her about Danny's death. She admits to letting him drown because Richard paid more attention to Danny, than to her. Richard hits her causing her to fall, and he storms out of the house. Ruth and Margaret come in to console her, and Ruth stirs the sweetner, that is really the sleeping pill powder placed there by Ellen, into iced tea that Ellen drinks. Later that same day, Ruth is packing for her trip, she hears Ellen calling out to her and asks her to call the hospital, telling her she took sleeping pills. Ruth believes she is faking it and goes and counts the sleeping pills she gave Ruth, seeing that only one is missing. Ellen ends up dying, and although initially classified as a suicide, Ruth is arrested and put on trial for murder. The distric attorney is Ellen's ex-fiance, Russell and he presents evidence that Ruth was jealous of Ellen and that Ellen sent him a letter mentioning Ruth trying to kill her. Margaret finds the swapped out sweetner packet and powder residue in the pocket of the jacket Ellen wore at the party. Testing concludes that Ellen tried to stage her own murder, and the charges against Ruth are dropped. Richard and Ruth are seen at the lake house together.
Freedom Radio	British	drama	Anthony Asquith	An eminent Viennese doctor in Germany becomes increasingly disillusioned with the oppressive brutality of the Nazis. His wife, however, is flattered by the attentions of the Führer, and accepts a political post in Berlin. At first the doctor does nothing as his friends disappear, but eventually, with the aid of an engineer, he creates a secret radio station from which he broadcasts condemnations of Hitler and prays for a better Germany to arise from the ashes of his ruined country. The birth of Freedom Radio sees the creation of an underground group of anti-Nazis who regard Karl as their leader.[2][3]
The Man in the Moon	American	drama	Robert Mulligan	In the summer of 1957, Dani Trant is a 14-year-old girl in Louisiana who, according to her father, is too big to be running off by herself. Dani and her older sister Maureen, who is going off to college in the fall, are very close. Maureen helps take care of their younger sister, Missy, while their mother Abigail is pregnant. Dani however prefers to run off to the neighbor's creek to go swimming in the nude. It is here that she meets her new neighbor, 17-year-old Court Foster. Court kicks Dani out of his creek. When Dani goes home, her mother tells her to wash up because an old childhood friend is coming for dinner with her children. The Trants' old friend turns out to be a widow, Mrs. Foster with her three sons Court, Dennis, and Rob. When Dani realizes who Court is, the two dislike each other. Court calls Dani a little girl. When Dani's father Matthew tells Dani to accompany Court into town for groceries, Dani and Court drive into town and start to get along. Dani finally realizes that she is in love with Court. Maureen goes on a date to a dance with her boyfriend Billy Sanders. When they leave the dance, Billy wants to park his car and have sex. Maureen gets angry and breaks up with Billy because she believes love should be beautiful. The next day, Dani asks Maureen for advice on how to kiss a boy. Maureen demonstrates by practicing on her hand. Dani and Court continue to go swimming during the hot sunny days and become very close friends. The two agree to meet to go swimming at night, since Court has too much work to do during the day. Dani sneaks off and swims with Court until they reach the point where they are about to kiss. Court pushes Dani away and says she is a little girl that doesn't know what she's doing, and runs off home. Dani leaves too just as a thunderstorm is breaking out. Abigail wakes up, knowing Dani isn't home, and runs outside looking for her. Just as Dani gets home, and runs to her mother, her mother also runs and trips on a root, falls and hits her head. Dani's father races her to the hospital, where she is kept for treatment (concussion and toxemia). When her father returns home from the hospital, he spanks Dani with his belt. The next day, Court brings food to the Trant house and apologizes to Dani for the other night. Dani, still hurt, just ignores him at first, until Court says he would still like to be friends. The next time they go swimming the two share Dani's first kiss. Dani is still hurt and angry at her father for hitting her. When he tries to talk to her the next day feeling remorseful for using his belt on her, she only replies with Yes Sir or No Sir to his questions. Once Dani has made up with her father, he tells Dani to invite Court over once in a while so he can get to know him better. When Court comes over for dinner, he finally meets Maureen. Dani can tell it is love at first sight for the two of them. While Dani visits her mother in the hospital, Court comes over to the Trant house and kisses Maureen. Over the next few days, Dani is getting pushed away by Court. While the rest of the family goes to pick up Abigail and the new baby from the hospital, Court and Maureen claim their love for each other, consummating their love in a field. When Maureen leaves for home, Court goes back to plowing the fields and falls off the tractor, and is badly injured. Dani sees this, and races home to tell her father. When Matthew returns home, he has some of Court's blood on his clothes and the family realizes that Court has died. Maureen hides her pain at first, while Dani bursts into tears. After Court's funeral, Dani continues to be angry at Maureen for stealing Court away from her. Matthew tells Dani that although she has a right to be hurt, being mad won't bring Court back, and Maureen will be her sister for life. Dani comforts Maureen as she weeps on Court's fresh grave, and the film ends with Maureen and Dani talking outside on the porch at night as the summer draws to a close, looking up at the moon becoming close again.
El Madina (The City)	Egyptian	drama	Yousry Nasrallah	In the center of El-Madina lives Ali, a young man who wants to act but is unable to find proper work. The only escape for his creative instincts, besides nightly conversations with a poster of Robert De Niro’s Raging Bull, is occasional bottom-of-the-line stage melodramas. Ali makes money as a butchers’ accountant in his neighborhood’s souq, where his father is a vegetable vendor. This quarter, Rod al-Faraj, is emblematic of a number of inner city neighborhoods in Cairo, which have been erased, and isolated their residents to desert suburbs by an Egyptian government, wanting to restore its historic monuments and attract tourists. Throughout the film, there’s a point at which Ali’s souq, slotted for tourist gentrification, is shut by the Egyptian internal security. He finally decides to escape Egypt and pursue acting in France. Two years later we do find him acting, not on stage but in the boxing ring. Unable to find legal work, he has fallen in with a fellow countryman who pays him to “throw” fights in crooked boxing matches. Ali is again stripped of his livelihood. After his business is forcibly absorbed by French gangsters, Ali’s partner betrays him and flees to Egypt, leaving him penniless and without an identity. Ultimately the actor finds himself back in Rod al-Faraj, having to start his life quite literally from scratch.[4]
It Happened Here	British	drama	Kevin Brownlow, Andrew Mollo	The film opens with the statement: The German invasion of Britain took place in 1940 after the retreat from Dunkirk. After months of fierce resistance and brutal reprisals, the occupying forces manage to restore order, largely suppressing the resistance movement. However, due to demands from the Ural Mountains front, most German troops are eventually removed from Western Europe, and the garrisoning of Britain is largely carried out by local volunteers to the German army and the SS. England appears to be governed by the British Union of Fascists (the situation in the rest of the British Isles is unclear but presumably similar); the followers are referred to as Blackshirts, wear uniforms with the Flash and Circle, and a framed portrait of Oswald Mosley appears in a government building, alongside one of Adolf Hitler. Meanwhile, the United States, having entered the war, stations its U.S. Seventh Fleet off Ireland. The Americans begin bombing raids on the southwest coast of England, as well as supplying men and equipment to a resurgent partisan movement. Set in 1944–1945, the story focuses on an apolitical Irish district nurse, Pauline. Following an upsurge in partisan activity in her area, she is forcibly evacuated from her village by the Germans and their collaborators and witnesses an attack on German forces by a group of British partisans, during which a number of her friends from the village are killed in the crossfire. The attack (and more particularly the deaths) influences her subsequent views and decisions. She is evacuated to London, where she reluctantly becomes a collaborator, joining the medical wing of the Immediate Action Organisation (IAO), a kind of quasi-paramilitary medical corps and is re-trained as an ambulance attendant. Although at first reluctant and intent on remaining apolitical, Pauline begins to show the effects of fascist indoctrination in her behaviour. It is a reunion with old friends (an antifascist doctor and his wife) that gives Pauline pause and when she subsequently discovers they are harbouring an injured partisan she reluctantly agrees to help. Gradually Pauline learns more about the impacts of the German occupation and she sees her friends arrested. The discovery of her association with the antifascist couple by her superiors in the IAO leads to her demotion and transfer to another part of the country. She welcomes the move at first, as her new job appears to have less of the paramilitary trappings. However Pauline discovers that she has unwittingly taken part in a forced euthanasia programme and killed a group of foreign forced labourers who had contracted tuberculosis. The film ends with Pauline being arrested after protesting and refusing to continue but before she can be put on trial, she is captured by the resurgent British Resistance and agrees to work for them as they fight to liberate the country with the help of arriving American troops. In the finale, Pauline tends a group of wounded partisans while, out of her view, a large group of soldiers from the Black Prince Regiment of the British Legion of the Waffen-SS who had surrendered are summarily shot, a scene reminiscent of an SS massacre of civilians earlier in the film.
Alik Sukh	Bengali	drama	Nandita Roy & Shiboprosad Mukherjee	A renowned gynaecologist, Dr Kingshuk Guha (Debshankar Haldar), finds himself in a professional crisis when one of his patients, Kabita Mondol (Sohini Sengupta), dies on the operating table while he is away buying a luxury apartment for his family. Kabita’s enraged husband (Biswanath Basu) and relatives attempt to mob the hospital. On hearing the news, Kingshuk’s wife, Rumi (Rituparna Sengupta), rushes to the hospital to be with her husband. She happens to see Kabita's corpse lying unattended in the empty operation theatre and begins to imagine that the dead woman is communicating with her. Well-off, in a loving marriage, and pregnant with the couple’s second child, Rumi begins to question her own right to happiness when her husband has been responsible for depriving another family of its loved one. She becomes emotionally alienated from Kingshuk when he refuses to accept culpability for Kabita’s death. Kingshuk, in turn, grows frustrated at Rumi's lack of support as he faces investigation by a medical committee and a compensation claim of Rs. 1,000,000 by Kabita’s relatives. Kingshuk and Rumi's relationship sours to a point that they cease speaking to each other. Eventually, Rumi leaves with her son to stay for a while at her parents’ house. Kingshuk manages to reach an out-of-court settlement for Rs. 300,000 with Kabita’s relatives. Relieved and wishing to reconcile, he calls Rumi, announcing that he has bought the patient party. Rumi is devastated at Kingshuk’s callous attitude and the lack of justice for Kabita. Soon after receiving the call, she suffers a fall and has a miscarriage, which leads to severe abdominal haemorrhaging. The tables are turned and Kingshuk finds himself in the same position as Kabita's crazed husband as the medical team at the local hospital takes its time in attending to Rumi. Rumi survives. A penitent Kingshuk seeks forgiveness for his actions and promises to make things better between them. From Rumi’s perspective, Kabita finally experiences closure. Hopes for a happier future emerge.
Othello	American	drama	Oliver Parker	This film is an adaptation of William Shakespeare's Othello. Othello is a Moor who has secretly married his native Venetian lover Desdemona, is assigned to fight against a Turkish invasion attempt on the island of Cyprus. During the battle, he was accompanied by his faithful lieutenant, Cassio. When Othello finally arrives at Cyprus, however, the Turkish invasion fleet has been wrecked by a storm, and, reunited with Desdemona, who had volunteered herself to go with him, leads his men and the people of Cyprus in a celebration. Iago, Othello's trusted companion and ensign, envies Othello's prosperous life and Cassio's lieutenancy and, convinced that both of them had slept with his own wife, Emilia, plans to ruin both by manipulating Othello into believing that Desdemona is having an affair with Cassio and is pregnant with Cassio's child. He arouses Othello's suspicion and jealousy gradually and then plants Desdemona's handkerchief in Cassio's clothing for Othello to find. When he does, he is convinced of Desdemona's infidelity and, in a rage, decides to kill both her and Cassio. Othello smothers Desdemona, who dies just as Emilia enters the bedroom. Emilia then tells Othello the truth behind Iago's lies and he realizes what he has done. The authorities and Othello turn on Iago, and, after a running fight, capture and beat him. In despair, Othello stabs and wounds Iago. Othello then kills himself, and Iago is taken away to be tortured and executed.
Sagina	Bollywood	drama	Tapan Sinha	Sagina is a factory laborer, and an aggressive, honest and lovable character who was the first to fight against the tyranny of the British bosses in the tea gardens of North-Eastern India.[2][3]
Toomelah	Australian	drama	Ivan Sen	Daniel is a ten-year-old boy living in Toomelah, NSW. After being suspended from school for threatening to stab a classmate with a pencil and finding there is little to do in his town, he decides he wants to be a part of the gang controlling the drug trade in his township, so he decides to help Linden, a well known local drug dealer. Bruce, one of Linden's rivals, is released from prison and a turf war erupts. Meanwhile, Daniel faces problems at school and in his family, such as his mother's addictions, the estrangement of his alcoholic father and the return of his aunt who was forcibly removed from the mission as a child during the Stolen Generations.[3][4][5]
Night and the City	American	drama	Irwin Winkler	Harry Fabian (De Niro) is a fast-talking, two-bit New York lawyer who hangs out at a bar called Boxers, owned by Phil (Gorman) and his wife Helen (Lange). Harry has been having an affair with Helen, who dreams of setting up her own bar and leaving Phil. At the bar, he spots an article in the New York Post about a man who was pummeled by a boxer. He calls the man on Phil's phone and pitches a lawsuit against the boxer on the grounds that his fists are legally considered weapons. The fighter is promoted by Ira Boom Boom Grossman (King), who tries to muscle Harry off the idea of suing his boxer. The case is promptly dismissed by the judge, who knows that it is baseless. Having seen the world of boxing up close, Harry decides to become a boxing promoter and files for a license. He recruits Boom Boom's estranged brother, former professional prizefighter Al Grossman (Warden), to be his partner. Boom Boom tries to muscle Harry out of the fight business, but when Al protects Harry, Boom Boom cowers in fear. Al asks Phil for a $15,000 loan to cover the cost of the fight. Sensing her opportunity, Helen stages an argument with Harry and demands that he come up with $7,500, promising that Phil will match the amount. Helen fronts Harry the $7,500 herself, allowing Harry to secure the loan. Phil promises that he will pay Harry the money the day before the fight. She gives him another $5,000 to help her set up her own bar by procuring a liquor license. Harry has a friend in the Federal Liquor Administration who supplies him a blank license but asks $7500 for it; because Harry only has $5000, he has to have a printer put in the printed details, making the license essentially a fake. he gives Helen the licence but doesn't tell her all the details of how he got it. Boom Boom tries one last time to persuade Harry to abandon the idea, offering him money to walk away from the fight business. Harry explains that he has spent his career in pursuit of quick and easy cases that can be settled for small cash amounts. He tells Boom Boom that he had a case once where the NYPD had mistakenly beaten up some people because they served a warrant on the wrong house. Instead of taking them to trial, he accepted the NYPD's offer of $20,000 to make the case go away. He insists that, for once, he is not going to take the money and run. Boom Boom threatens to kill Harry if anything happens to Al, who has already had two heart attacks. After a nasty fight at Boxers, Helen finally leaves Phil. Still set on keeping Harry out of promoting, Boom Boom meets with Phil and reveals that Helen has been sleeping with Harry. Enraged, Phil calls the state liquor authority to inform them that Harry had forged Helen's license. He pretends like everything is fine with Harry, and offers to throw a dinner party the night before the fight. After the party, he tells Harry that he will have the $7,500 the next day, which is the morning of the fight. Helen wakes up Harry at his place, and they talk about their new endeavors. Her new bar is opening the night of his fight. Harry goes to Boxers and anxiously waits for Phil. When Phil arrives, Harry asks him for the money. Phil says he thought Harry was joking, and then he reveals that he knows about his affair with Helen, as he beats up Harry. Desperate to keep the fight afloat, Harry borrows $12,000 from the ruthless loan shark Mr. Peck (Wallach). At the venue, Al gets into a fight with one of the staff and has a fatal heart attack. With the fight off, Harry goes to Helen's new bar only to find that it has been shut down because of his forged license. Boom Boom's goons show up to make good on his threat. Harry and Helen run and end up cornered in an alley. Harry tries to talk his way out of what is coming by explaining that the goons should be after the guy who fought with Al and caused his heart attack. He throws Peck's $12,000 in the air as the final exclamation point on his speech and walks Helen past the goons, asking her under his breath, How'd I do? The goons shoot Harry in the back and throw their pistols in a dumpster. The film ends with Helen holding Harry's hand as he is put in an ambulance, still talking optimistically about the future.
Aulad	Bollywood	drama	Vijay Sadanah	Anand and Devki on one hand and Yashoda and Vicky on the other have recently married. While Devki has a child, Yashoda is expecting. The two couples meet on a train, which is ill-fated as it meets with an accident. Devki is nowhere to be found, and Anand believes she is dead. Vicky and his child are killed and Yashoda is devastated. Anand feels sorry for Yashoda and has the doctor switch his baby for the dead one. Yashoda returns to her home and her in-laws with Anand's child, while he re-locates abroad. Several years later, Anand returns and is unable to keep away from Yashoda and the child. He repeatedly keeps on visiting them, to the extent that his visits get to be a nuisance and an embarrassment. Then Anand is overjoyed to know that Devki is still alive. But when Devki asks about their child, he tells her the truth, thus setting off a tussle between the 2 mothers, to such an extent that both are prepared to sue each other publicly in court.
Er Dong	Chinese	drama	Yang Jin	Er Dong and his Christian mother lives in a rural Chinese village. She sends him to a Christian boarding school because of his inappropriate behavior, hoping that God will give him a new direction in life. At the school, Er meets a girl, Chang'e, and they are almost expelled because of their misconduct.
Mandy	British	drama	Alexander Mackendrick, Fred Sears	Harry and Christine Garland have a deaf daughter, Mandy. As they realise their daughter's situation, the parents enroll Mandy in special education classes to try to get her to speak. They quarrel in the process and their marriage comes under strain. There are also hints of a possible affair between Christine and Dick Searle, the headmaster of the school for the deaf where Mandy is enrolled. Eventually, the training succeeds to the point where Mandy says her own name for the first time. Mandy's speech was achieved by using a balloon. She was able to feel the vibrations of sound onto the balloon and knew she had made a sound.
Hajar Bachhor Dhore	Bangladeshi	drama	Kohinur Akter Suchanda	The story begins years ago with Kashem. He was rich and not lacking of anything except a child. His wife finally requests that he marry again so that he can have children. His wife marries him to a younger woman and then kills herself that night by eating a poisonous flower. This began the tradition of polygamy in this family. Years pass and that very house where Kashem lived in is now inhabited by the elderly Makbul, his little brother Montu, his cousins and his 3 wives live. His youngest wife Tuni is but a teenager. She is in love with her husband's younger brother Montu and Montu also has feelings for her, but they are bound by their love for Makbul. Montu is also loved by his neighbor Ambia. Everyone notices and makes fun on Montu and Ambia, which angers Tuni. One day Ambia's entire family is wiped out by a disease. No one goes to bury the bodies for fear of catching the disease. But the kind-hearted Montu defies all to bury the bodies and shows great compassion towards Ambia. Makbul decides to marry Ambia to Montu so that his family can take over all of Ambia's property. Tuni is against this and devises a plan to stop Montu's marriage to Ambia. She convinces Makbul that he should take Ambia as his 4th wife. Then all of the property would be his saying that every man should have 4 wives. Makbul is convinced. When Makbul tells his family his plans to marry Ambia, his family is infuriated. His wives begin crying in protest and argue that he is too old to marry again. They refuse to give permission to marry. His cousins also protest. Tuni fuels his fire from behind him. Finally in anger he divorces is first two wives. His cousin throws a rock at his head. He becomes sick from the wound. His older two wives leave to their houses crying, since they do not have any reason to stay. His second wife's brother angrily claims that he will marry his sister to a much wealthier man soon. Soon Makbul dies leaving Tuni all by herself. She is considered his only widow as he divorced his first two wives before he died. Tuni is consumed with guilt as she feels that all of this happened because of her. When Montu sees her wearing the white sari of a widow, he asks her to marry him as she can't stand to see her in such a state. But she tells him that this is her punishment as she caused this downfall of an entire family. The story flashes back to years in the future where they show that Montu and Ambia have wed. Then they show Tuni is now an elderly widow living out her life in solitude. A minor story arc shows Makbul's younger cousin who has beat two wives to death already. He mercilessly beats his third wife and when Montu protests he is told to mind his own business as he has no right to tell anyone how to treat their wife. One day Montu sees her attempting to commit suicide, but then she does not. He is astounded by a human beings willingness to live no matter how hard their life is. One day when Montu returns from a trip he finds out that the third wife has also been beaten to death. At the end when Makbul is telling the family he wants to marry Ambia, the cousin says that since he does not have a wife he will marry Ambia, to which Tuni replies that he would just beat her to death as well.
Tom & Viv	American	drama	Brian Gilbert	The film tells the story of the relationship between T. S. Eliot and his first wife, Vivienne Haigh-Wood Eliot. They were married in 1915 after a brief courtship, and separated in 1933 though they never divorced.[1]
The Woman with No Name	British	drama	Ladislao Vajda	Yvonne Winter is an amnesiac, a victim of the wartime bombing of the London hotel where she's staying. At a country hospital she meets the pilot, Lake Chamerd, who saved her life. They fall in love and plan to marry, but he's killed on active duty. Yvonne's real husband hires detectives to find her, and she's brought home and starts to piece together her past. But not everything she finds there brings her happiness.
Mula sa Kung Ano ang Noon	Filipino	drama	Lav Diaz	The Philippines, 1972. Mysterious things are happening in a remote barrio. Wails are heard from the forest, cows are hacked to death, a man is found bleeding to death at the crossroad and houses are burned. Ferdinand E. Marcos announces Proclamation No. 1081 putting the entire country under Martial Law. Everything became a mess when the Armed Forces of the Philippines decided to camp in the barrio. Or was it already messed up before?
Dulhan	Bollywood	drama	C.V. Rajendran	Radha's (Hema Malini) life has been shattered due to the sudden death of her groom Ashok (Jeetendra) on her wedding night. This impacts too harshly on her mind as she refuses to believe that her to-be husband is no more and she still waits for his return. Later one day, a look-alike of her husband named Vijay (again Jeetendra) enters in the community as well as in her life. But Vijay is already married and also has a young daughter. Later, Vijay comes to know about Radha's tragedy and feels sorry for her. Also, he decides to spend some time with her so that she can regain her mental balance. Meanwhile, Radha starts believing that her husband has come back and now she can start a happy lifestyle along with him. Will Radha's happiness last forever? What complications will Radha's arrival bring into Vijay's married life?
The Comfort of Strangers	British	drama	Paul Schrader	It is a movie about relationships between two distinct and very different couples. Colin (Rupert Everett) and Mary (Natasha Richardson) are a British couple vacationing in Venice for the second time. They are not married, but Mary has two children, who have been left at home with her mother. We are shown glimpses of a tall man dressed in white, who seems to be observing them from afar. Late one night, they become lost as they search for a restaurant. As they wander around, they meet Robert (Christopher Walken), the British-Italian owner of a local bar. He is the very elegant-looking man in all white. Over several bottles of wine, he tells them stories about his sadistic father who was an Italian diplomat. Robert also talks of the cruel tricks his younger sisters played upon him. After this late evening, Colin and Mary try to walk back to their hotel through the labyrinthine streets of Venice. However, they lose their way and are forced to sleep in the streets. In the morning, hung-over and hungry, they make their way to an outdoor restaurant in the square at St Mark's Basilica. There they see Robert, and after realizing his thoughtlessness at not guiding them back to where they stay, he insists they come back to his home and dine there. They discover he and his wife Caroline (Helen Mirren) live in a spacious Moorish-styled apartment which is like a museum. The purpose of Colin’s and Mary’s trip is also to revitalize their relationship, and they decide to marry upon their return to England. However, Robert and Caroline are a very mysterious couple who attract and repulse the other pair. Robert is clearly obsessed with his past. He also seems suspect of women’s power over men. Gradually, he draws them further into his influence much as a spider entraps his prey.
Aangan	Bollywood	drama	Nasir Hussain	The story is about two brothers leading a contented life in a joint family. The older one is married and he and his wife look after the younger brother as their own son. Misunderstandings occur when the younger one marries and brings his wife to live in the joint family. The younger brother's wife disturbs the equilibrium of the family maintained by the older brother and his wife. Finally, the disagreements are sorted out with the family living together cohesively.
Main Sunder Hoon	Bollywood	drama	R. Krishnan	Sunder (Mehmood) works in a hotel owned by Ram Swarup (David Abraham) as a waiter. He is a very funny, uneducated man, with a suitably funny face, in contrast to his name. Radha (Leena Chandavarkar) is the daughter of Ram Swarup. She often comes to the hotel, and Sunder happens to meet her and amuse her with funny jokes. One day, in a casual remark, she says: I like your innocence. He does not understand the word innocence, and thinks that she likes him. He also likes her, but is afraid to tell her, as he works in her father's hotel. Then, he seeks help from his friend, Amar (Biswajeet). He helps him get work in the film industry. And in no time, Sunder emerges as a leading comic actor. But at this time, Amar, ignorant about his friend's love, and Radha fall in love. When he knows that Sunder's love is Radha, he asks Radha, who says that she never loved Sunder. Amar stops Sunder multiple times from expressing his feelings to Radha, thinking that the truth will break Sunder down. During his stardom days, he once performs at a charity show for orphaned children. He gets emotional seeing the children, and decides to stay a day longer, and in the process, misses his father's death ceremony at his home. Her mother asks him to be with her in her last moments, and he promises to. One day, during an interview to the All India Radio, he says that he likes to have his old waiter uniform in front of him, so that it could remind him of what he was earlier, so that he would not develop any pride. And in the same interview, he says that he is going to marry someone he loves. Amar and Radha listen to this on the radio. Knowing that Sunder will come to express his love to her, Radha urges Amar to tell him the truth, but he says, he is unable to do so. Sunder comes, and Radha tells her the truth. Heartbroken, Sunder wishes well for his friend, and Radha. Then, one day, he goes for the shooting of the climax of a film, whose date of release has come very near. The producer says to his guard that nobody, under any circumstance should disturb them. And back home, his mother falls down the stairs. She is rushed to the hospital. She wants to see her son, so, a man is sent to call him, but the guard does not allow him in. Instead, he himself goes to get some good medication. Sunder, after finishing the work, comes to know about the accident, and rushes away. But he finds her dead. He regrets being a celebrity. Amar and Radha marry. At that ceremony, Sunder comes in his old uniform, of a waiter. He says, he will no longer work in films, as that life is unreal. He will meet with his mother from now onwards, by helping poor and orphaned children.
The Rat	British	drama	Thomas Bentley	Infamous Parisian jewel thief Jean Boucheron, known as 'the Rat', attracts the fancy of socialite Zelia de Chaumont, mistress of a South American millionaire. She intends to reform 'the Rat', but he's only interested in relieving her of her pearls.
Saudagar	Bollywood	drama	Shubendu Roy	Moti (Amitabh Bachchan) is a gur (unrefined concentrated cane sugar) trader who trades in the seasonal Gur made of Khajur (date-nectar). During the off season, he meets a girl, Phoolbanu, and falls in love with her. Moti approaches Phoolbanu's father, who asks for mehar (Dowry), which he does not have. Mejuben (Nutan), a widow who is Moti's business associate prepares the Gur for him to sell. Her Gur (and consequently Moti's) is very famous and people always prefer to buy from Moti. Moti decides to get married to Mejuben so that he does not have to pay her, and hence can save more and sooner. Mejuben, unaware of Moti's ulterior motive, is first surprised by the proposal, but later accepts it. At the end of the season, Moti saves enough for the meher, and divorces Mejuben. This incident shocks Mejuben and people of the community. Moti meets Phoolbanu's father and asks again for his daughter's hand. Satisfied with the meher, he marries off his daughter (Phoolbanu) to Moti. All is fine till the Gur season arrives. Phulbanu is terrible at making Gur, and Moti's customers stop buying from his shop. Meanwhile, a fish trader (Majhi) asked Mejuben to marry him. He is honest with her to say that he has small children and wants Mejuben to look after them. He always treats her with courtesy. It is almost the end of the Gur season, and Moti does not make a good profit that year. He finally is left with no other option than to request Majubee to make a few vats of Gur for him to sell. He takes two cans of date-nectar and approaches Mejuben at her husband's house to request her to make him some Gur to sell. He is followed by Phoolbanu. At first Mejuben is very angry on seeing Moti, but understands that he is in a pitiful condition and is indirectly begging her forgiveness. She also sees Phoolbanu listening to everything from behind a fence. As the eyes of the two ladies meet, they start weeping and hug each other affectionately. The movie ends with this scene (suggesting that Mejuben has forgiven Moti).[4]
Mawaali	Bollywood	drama	T. Rama Rao	Ramesh (Jeetendra) starts managing the office of an industrialist who strongly suspects his relatives to be looting him. Ramesh finds the culprit and keeps a tight leash on everything happening in the office, thereby earning the wrath of the industrialist's relatives. Ramesh and Nisha (Jaya Prada) the industrialist's daughter initially find themselves at loggerheads, but eventually, fall in love with each other. The industrialist is happy about this development until he sees Ramesh cheating on his daughter. He fires Ramesh the very same day. The industrialist is murdered and Nisha also sees Ramesh in her house that same night. Ramesh is dragged to court and is shortly framed for murder. Nisha is upset, and the ill-intentioned relatives start closing their net around her, forcing her to marry Shakti Kapoor (the son of two of the industrialist's relatives). In the meantime, the grief-stricken Ramesh meets another person named Gangu (also Jeetendra) in jail who looks exactly like him. Together Ramesh and Gangu plan to punish the culprits and set the record straight.
Naked in New York	American	drama	Daniel Algrant	The film is narrated in flashback by Jake Briggs (Eric Stoltz), a young aspiring playwright, culminating in the production of one of his plays off-Broadway by agent Carl Fisher (Tony Curtis). The play is a flop, at least in part because the lead parts are given to two actors, Dana Coles and Jason Brett (Kathleen Turner and Chris Noth), who are not right for the roles. Along the journey, Jake reviews his relationships with girlfriend Joanne (Mary-Louise Parker), bisexual best friend Chris (Ralph Macchio), his mother Shirley (Jill Clayburgh), and his mostly absentee father Roman (Paul Guilfoyle). The film ends with Jake and Joanne going their separate ways, mostly because of competing career goals, and Jake hoping to write more plays with greater success.
The Gentle Gunman	British	drama	Basil Dearden	John Mills and Dirk Bogarde, bizarrely, were the actors chosen to play two IRA men under cover in London during World War II. The lads are captured after (Terry) starts questioning the worth of war, a line of thinking never popular with armies. They are sprung from captivity by Connolly (Liam Redmond) and his IRA men. Nice cameo by Jack MacGowran.
Little Big Master	Chinese	drama	Adrian Kwan	Lui Wai-hung (Miriam Yeung) is a headmistress of an international kindergarten. Feeling disillusioned with the education system, she quits her high-paying job as a principal and plans to travel around the world with her husband Tse Wing-tung (Louis Koo). However, she puts her travel plans on hold when she sees a news report on television where Yuen Tin Kindergarten, located in Yuen Long, was on the verge of closure with only five students left. Also, due to financial difficulties, the school can only use HK$4,500 to hire a headmaster and staff. Rekindling her passion for teaching, Lui applies for the job and hopes to help the five children transfer to another school. When Headmistress Lui assumes office, she discovers that these five children have different family problems. Student Ka-ka's father (Philip Keung) was crippled during an accident and is often threatened by property developers with eviction; Mei-chu's parents were killed in a traffic accident, with Auntie Han (Anna Ng), a restaurant employee, as her only guardian; Siu-suet's mother was not approved for Hong Kong residency and lives with her elderly father Mr. Ho (Richard Ng), who sells metal scraps for a living; Pakistani sisters Kitty and Jennie's father does not see a need for girls to study, so when school bus prices increased, he simply did not allow his daughters to go to school anymore. Faced with the problems of her students, Lui does her best to help them, such as acting as a volunteer driver and picking Kitty and Jennie up for school, sorting out Ka-ka's family problems, etc. At the same time, she also has to deal with school administrations, while also taking care of janitorial work. In addition, Lui reminds her students and their parents to have a dream, while her own dream is to be a teacher who never gives up. Later, when she finds out she was not able to help her students transfer, she decides to recruit new students for the school. At this time, however, Lui suffers from a recurrence of an old tumour.
The Man Without a Face	American	drama	Mel Gibson	In 1968, Justin McLeod has been living an isolated existence as a reclusive painter for the past seven years, following a car accident which left him disfigured on the right side of his face and chest by burns sustained in a post-crash fire. Young Chuck Nordstadt endures a dysfunctional relationship with his sister and their widowed mother. One day, Chuck meets McLeod on a ferry; Chuck is both intrigued and slightly scared of him. Chuck needs a tutor to help him pass a military academy's entrance exam. Eventually, Chuck persuades McLeod to become his teacher; although he is initially baffled by McLeod's unorthodox methods, the two develop a close friendship. Chuck keeps his daily meetings with McLeod a secret, to avoid being scorned for associating with a disfigured man whose past is shrouded in mystery. No one knows much about McLeod and few people have ever made an effort to know him; this has made McLeod the object of gossip, speculation, and suspicion. Ultimately, Widow Nordstadt learns that her son has been visiting McLeod. She and the rest of the town convince themselves that McLeod is molesting Chuck, despite Chuck's adamant denials. Chuck researches McLeod's car accident, which involved the death of another boy, hence McLeod's fear of another attachment. Chuck is forcibly taken to a psychiatrist, who Chuck accurately suspects is also biased against McLeod. Chuck inevitably confronts McLeod to learn the truth of his disfigurement and to discover the identity of that youth who was killed in the same car crash. As it turns out, the other boy was a student of McLeod's. Consequently, McLeod was unjustly branded a pedophile, was exiled from his hometown, was convicted of involuntary manslaughter and served three years in prison. Once his relationship with Chuck is openly known, McLeod is once again run out of town and ordered by the authorities to have no contact with Chuck. On his way out of town, McLeod leaves Chuck a note; it wishes him the best of luck in his academic goals and reminds him to be tolerant with people who are different. In the film's finale, Chuck is shown graduating from the military academy as his sister and their mom look on proudly. Chuck sees a familiar figure in the background and recognizes it as his faceless tutor.
My Brother Jonathan	British	drama	Harold French	The story revolves around the life of Jonathan Dakers (Denison), a small town doctor. He is training to be a surgeon when his father dies. Due to the resulting financial problems, he cannot continue his training. He buys a share in Dr. Hammond's general practice in Wednesford, a poor foundry town. When Dakers notes that many patients have been injured in industrial accidents at the foundry, he comes into conflict with its owner Sir Joseph Higgins, and the owner's son-in-law Dr Craig, who owns the town's competing medical practice. He writes a report criticising the condition of the foundry and buildings the workers live in but Craig, who is also the local Health Officer, deliberately mislays it. When Dakers performs a life saving tracheotomy on a child with diphtheria, and takes the child to the hospital, he is charged with misconduct, as the hospital charter precludes infectious cases. As a child Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn (Beatrice Campbell). Years later they meet again when he is training in a hospital. He has a thing for Edie, however his brother Harold and she fall in love. Harold is killed in the First World War, but Edie is pregnant. To save her from shame Jonathan marries her. However he is also in love with Rachel Hammond (Gray), the daughter of his medical partner. Soon after giving birth to a son, Edie dies, first telling Jonathan to be happy with Rachel, whom he later marries.
Operation Diplomat	British	drama	John Guillermin	A surgeon operating on an unknown patient discovers he is involved in the kidnapping of a British diplomat. When his personal secretary is murdered for revealing the patient's identity, the police are called in.
A Man of No Importance	British	drama	Suri Krishnamma	Alfred Byrne is a closeted homosexual bus conductor in 1963 Dublin. His sister tries to find him a suitable woman, but his real passion is putting on amateur theatre productions of Oscar Wilde plays. The film deals with his struggle, temptation, and friendships, and how they are affected by his homosexuality.[1]
Intersection	American	drama	Mark Rydell	Vincent Eastman and his wife, Sally, run an architectural firm together. He is the architect and creative director while she is in charge of the business end. Unhappy at home, Vincent encounters a journalist, Olivia, and a romantic spark ignites between them. They attend an antique sale together and begin seeing each other whenever possible. After a quarrel with Sally at home, he moves out. Vincent is torn between his marriage and the possibility of a new future with Olivia, and can't decide what he wants. Thinking that the best course of action for everyone involved is to stay in his unhappy marriage, Vincent writes a letter to Olivia explaining that he is going back to his wife but does not mail it. Shorty after, he stops at a convenience store in the country and sees a little girl who reminds him of Olivia, and his true feelings become too obvious to ignore--he then calls Olivia and leaves a message on her answering machine telling her that he loves her, wants to start a life with her, and that he's certain about his choice. While speeding back to the city to be with Olivia, he is in a car accident and dies. Since Sally is still technically his wife, she receives his belongings at the hospital and finds the unsent letter to Olivia. When Olivia shows up at the hospital, Sally doesn't tell her about the letter; in turn, Olivia doesn't tell Sally about the message that Vincent left for her--this leaves both women believing that he loved them more than the other.
Kidnapper	Bengali	drama	Rupak Majumdar	The story revolves around three friends who stay together in a rented house. Bubka (Samadarshi Dutt) is an aspiring artist who comes to Kolkata from the suburbs. He does odd jobs for a living. He lies to his nagging girlfriend Koel (Ridhima Ghosh) that he is a sales executive, simply to impress her. Koel constantly doubts Bubka and can't stand him talking to any other girl. Bubka is joined by two of his old friends (Sourav Chatterjee and Apurbo Roy), who also come to the city looking for jobs. They decide to stay at the same rented place, owned by an old man, Bulu-da (Paran Bandyopadhyay). As days pass by, Bubka and his friends fail to find employment. One day an angry Bulu-da shows his disapproval of their stay without paying the rent for months together. He prods them to go out and earn, even kidnap if they wish to earn quick bucks. Confused and threatened, Bubka's two friends end up kidnapping four kids — one girl and three boys. All hell breaks loose when they discover one of the boys to be Koel's nephew. Bubka and Bulu-da are furious at their foolishness. However, they try their best to keep the kids safe — away from prying eyes. In no time, the children become a part of the household and began to enjoy there. They simply refuse to go home even when Bubka insists that they should. Later on, the three friends get success in their professional lives as well . The rest of the film also includes a real life comic kidnapper, 'Top Up Bhai' (Shantilal Mukherjee) who intends to kidnap the 3 children, but ends up being caught himself.[1]
Mammo	Bollywood	drama	Shyam Benegal	13-year-old Riyaz (Amit Phalke) lives a poor lifestyle in Bombay, India, with his grandmother, Fayyuzi (Surekha Sikri), and her sister, Mehmooda Begum, alias Mammo (Farida Jalal). Quite outspoken and embittered over his dad abandoning him, Riyaz does not have many friends, save for Rohan. When Mammo plans a surprise birthday party for him, Riyaz is offended as he believes his friends will make fun of him as his lifestyle is not as good as theirs. Fayyuzi and Riyaz have an argument with Mammo, and she leaves for the mosque at Haji Ali; she returns when they apologize. Although Mammo was born in Panipat during the British Raj, she was one of thousands of Muslims who left for Pakistan after Partition. She and her husband automatically became Pakistani citizens. Although childless, her marriage is a happy one until her husband's death. Over property matters, Mammo is thrown out of the house by her relatives. Having nowhere else to go, she came to live with her widowed sister in Bombay on a temporary visa. Every month she walks to the nearest police station to get an extension. She finally paid Rs.4800 as a bribe to get a permanent visa through Inspector Apte. When Apte was transferred, a new police inspector took over, processed her papers, took her to be an illegal immigrant, arrested her, had her escorted to the Bombay Central Railway Station and forced her to board the Frontier Mail, which would return her to Pakistan. Riyaz and Fayyuzi make every possible attempt to trace and bring her back, all in vain. Now 20 years later, Riyaz has grown up and has written a book about his Mammo, hoping that someday, somewhere she will find it and they will be reunited. The movie touches upon several emotional aspects of day-to-day life. Unable to extend her visa, she is deported back to Pakistan. Political priorities defeat humanitarian ones. The director shows a happy ending where Mammo comes to Riyaz and her sister at the end. She pretends that she is dead so that she can continue to stay in India thereafter.
Thelma & Louise	American	drama	Ridley Scott	Best friends Thelma Dickinson and Louise Sawyer set out for a weekend vacation at a fishing cabin in the mountains, to take a break from their dreary lives in Arkansas. Thelma, a ditzy housewife, is married to a disrespectful and controlling man, Darryl, while sharp-tongued Louise works as a waitress in a diner, and is on-off dating a musician, Jimmy, who spends most of his time on the road. On the way they stop for a drink at a roadhouse bar where Thelma meets and dances with a flirtatious stranger, Harlan. When he takes her outside to the parking lot to get some fresh air, he starts kissing her and taking her clothes off without her consent. Thelma resists but Harlan hits her, and then starts raping her. Louise finds them and threatens to shoot Harlan with the gun that Thelma brought with her. Harlan stops but as the women walk away, he yells that he should have continued the rape and continually insults them. Enraged, Louise responds by shooting him dead, and the pair flee the scene. At a motel, they discuss how to handle the situation. Thelma wants to go to the police but Louise fears that no one will believe Thelma's claim of attempted rape and they will be subsequently charged for murder. They decide to go on the run, but Louise demands they travel from Oklahoma to Mexico without going through Texas. Something happened to Louise in Texas, and Thelma suspects it was something similar to what had happened with Harlan but Louise adamantly refuses to discuss it. Heading west, the women come across an attractive young drifter, J.D., who Thelma quickly falls for, and she convinces Louise to let him hitch a ride with them. Louise then contacts Jimmy and asks him to wire transfer her life savings to her. When she goes to pick up the money, she finds that Jimmy has come to see her to deliver the money in person, and the two spend the night together. Jimmy proposes to Louise but she refuses. Meanwhile, Thelma invites J.D. to her room, and they sleep together. She then learns he is a thief who has broken parole. The following morning, Thelma leaves J.D. in her motel room while she meets Louise downstairs for breakfast and, when they return, they discover J.D. has stolen Louise's life savings and fled. Louise is distraught, so a guilty Thelma takes charge and later robs a nearby convenience store using the tactics she learned from listening to J.D. Meanwhile, the FBI are getting closer to catching the fugitives after witnesses at the bar saw Louise's 1966 Ford Thunderbird convertible speeding out of the parking lot the night of the shooting. Their whereabouts are also questioned by the owner of the fishing cabin after the women failed to arrive for the weekend. Arkansas State Police Investigator Hal Slocumb leads the investigation and questions both J.D. and Jimmy, and taps into the phone line at Darryl's house. He discovers that Louise had been raped years earlier in Texas, so sympathizes with her situation and understands why they didn't report Harlan's murder to the authorities. During a couple of brief phone conversations with Louise, he expresses his sympathy, but is unsuccessful in his attempts to persuade her to surrender. Thelma tells Louise she understands if she wants to go back home, knowing she has Jimmy waiting for her, but explains she cannot go back to Darryl. Louise promises they will keep going together. The pair are later pulled over by a New Mexico state trooper for speeding. Knowing he will soon discover they are wanted for murder and armed robbery, Thelma holds him at gunpoint and locks him in the trunk of his police car, while Louise takes his gun and ammunition. They drive away from the scene. On the road, they encounter a foul-mouthed truck driver who repeatedly makes obscene gestures at them. They pull over and demand an apology from him, but when he refuses, they fire at the fuel tanker he is driving, causing it to explode. Thelma and Louise are finally cornered by the authorities only one hundred yards from the edge of the Grand Canyon. Hal arrives on the scene, but he is refused the chance to make one last attempt to talk the women into surrendering. Rather than be captured and spend the rest of their lives in jail, Thelma proposes that they keep going. Louise asks Thelma if she is certain, and Thelma says yes. They kiss, then Louise steps on the accelerator, and they ride the car over the cliff to their deaths.
The Draughtsman's Contract	British	drama	Peter Greenaway	Mr. Neville (Anthony Higgins), a young and arrogant artist and something of a Byronic hero, is contracted to produce a series of 12 landscape drawings of an estate, by Mrs. Virginia Herbert (Janet Suzman) for her absent and estranged husband. Part of the contract is that Mrs. Herbert agrees to meet Mr. Neville in private and to comply with his requests concerning his pleasure with me. Several sexual encounters between them follow, each of them acted in such a way as to emphasise reluctance or distress on the part of Mrs Herbert and sexual aggression or insensitivity on the part of Mr Neville. Whilst living on the estate, Mr. Neville gains quite a reputation with its dwellers, especially with Mrs. Herbert's son-in-law, Mr. Talmann (Hugh Fraser). Mrs. Herbert, wearied of meeting Mr. Neville for his pleasure, tries to terminate the contract before all of the drawings are completed and orders Mr. Neville to stop. Neville refuses to void the contract and continues as before. Then Mrs. Herbert's married, but as yet childless, daughter Mrs. Talmann (Anne-Louise Lambert), who has apparently become attracted to Mr. Neville, seems to blackmail him into making a second contract in which he agrees to comply with what is described as her pleasure, rather than his — a reversal of the position in regard to her mother. A number of curious objects appear in Neville's drawings, which point ultimately to the murder of Mr. Herbert, whose body is discovered in the moat of the house. Mr. Neville completes his twelve drawings and leaves the house but returns to make an unlucky thirteenth drawing. In the evening, while Mr. Neville is apparently finishing the final sketch, he is approached by a masked stranger, obviously Mr. Talmann in disguise, who is then joined by Mr. Noyes, Mr. Seymore and the Poulencs, a pair of eccentric local landowner twins. The party accuses Mr. Neville of the murder of Mr. Herbert, for the drawings can be interpreted to suggest more than one illegal act and to implicate more than one person. After he defensively denies such accusations, the group ask Mr. Neville to remove his hat. He agrees mockingly, at which point they hit him on the head, burn out his eyes, club him to death and then throw him into the moat, at the place where Mr. Herbert's body was found.
Maalik	Bollywood	drama	A. Bhimsingh	A lady who is very poor and about to die places her baby before the entrance of the Krishna temple. Pandeyji, the head priest, observes the kid and decides to let the kid grow up in the vicinity of the temple premises. The kid grows up to be a huge an innocent devotee of Krishna, addressed by villagers as Raju. On a day, when Dharmadeva comes to take a darshan (viewing) of the lord, he observes that gold chain gifted by him to temple is missing. Dharmadeva orders his men to beat up Raju as he becomes suspects Raju to be thief. Pandeyji then requests Dharmadeva to not trouble Raju anymore as Raju cannot be a thief. Dhamradeva declares that Raju should not be seen in the village from the next day. Pandeyji gives him the contact of Ram Murthy Pandey, who resides in Mumbai and asks Raju to stay there and start working. Raju then wanders around and happens to visit a satsang held by Ganesh Duttji. There, Raju loudly proclaims that there is no God and the God does not protect the innocent poor even if justice lies on their side. Ganesh Duttji then advises Raju to keep having faith in Krishna and do work properly. Raju, after meeting Ram Murthy, decides to start selling vegetables to people and regains his faith in Lord Krishna. However, people make fun of his good looks and steal fruits and vegetables. One day, he comes across a person who has come with 4 lakhs rupees in a suitcase and has attacks of Fits. Raju gives that person an iron rod, by which the attack subsides. Recognising the honesty of Raju, that man gifts 10,000 rupees. Raju decides to starts selling paintings of various gods, then starts Krishna jewelry. He suddenly becomes a rich man. He now starts to be known as a very generous and kind businessman. One day, he bumps into Dharmadeva, who apologizes for his mistake, as the gold chain was found inside the temple below the statue of Krishna. Raju forgives Dharmadeva by saying I became a rich man, only because you drove the poor Raju away. Had bad times not befallen, this good time would not have come. Dharmadeva, then, observes that his daughter has developed a liking for the personality of Raju and decides to get them married. Savitri considers Raju as her lord and respects him a lot. However Savitri, having been educated till college, always questions traditions and culture and believes in Darwin's theory and atheism. Savitri does not like Raju thanking god for every con-incidence or good thing happening in his life. This leads to a huge fight between Savitri and Raju. The couple decide to part ways, but reconcile. However, a paralytic child is born to them. Raju then says such a kid was born only because God wanted to teach Savitri a lesson. Savitri accepts her mistake and then starts going on Tirthyatra with Raju to all the temples. Savitri experiences God in daily life instances. What will happen to their child forms the last part of the film.
Across the Tracks	American	drama	Sandy Tung	Across the Tracks is the story of two brothers who have gone very different ways in their past, and who now must learn to deal with each other again. Joe (Brad Pitt) is the older of the two. He is a good student and runner set on winning a track scholarship to Stanford University. Billy (Rick Schroder), on the other hand, is a delinquent involved in drugs and crime. As the story begins, he has just been released from reform school after serving time for a failed attempt at car theft. While Billy tries to make amends for his past life, it is not an easy task. Joe still holds a lot of resentment for what Billy has put their widowed mother (Carrie Snodgress) through, and feels that Billy's return is an unnecessary strain on their family. Forced to attend another high school on the other side of town, Billy tries to stay out of trouble, but his old rivals force him into a fight on his first day, which gets him into trouble with the school authorities. Billy's friend Louie (David Anthony Marshall), a highly alluring drug dealer who was also involved in the car theft that got Billy sent to reform school, wants him to return to his life as a criminal. It seems that only Billy and Joe's mother believes that Billy can become a valuable member of society and offers Billy full support. Joe mockingly suggests to Billy that he try out for his school track team, figuring that nothing will come of it. Nevertheless, Billy asks the coach at his school for a tryout even though the track season is two months old and only two months remain until the county meet. Billy hardly looks like a track star in his black high top Chucks and greased back long hair, but the coach gives him a tryout due to his brother's reputation as one of the best runners in the county, during the tryout he demonstrates surprising speed, running an 800m race at 2:04. (Joe's best time in that event is 1:57 and that is with four years of running.) Impressed, the coach immediately puts Billy on the team. Joe is very much impressed by this, and the two start to bond, especially after Joe goes out and buys him a special pair of track shoes as a gift. Billy's speed soon makes him a contender for the county record for the 800m event (at 1:55.25). Since Billy attends a rival school to Joe's, they compete in a head to head meet as a prelude to the championship and Billy defeats Joe. The brothers are then scheduled to compete in the championship meet which will help determine whether or not Joe receives that scholarship to Stanford. With the pressure on Joe to prove that he is the best runner in the county, Joe has trouble handling the competition. The outcome of this dilemma and the determination of Billy's low-life friends to get some revenge for Billy's abandoning them for the straight life come together as the two brothers attempt to overcome the adversity caused by these outside influences and solidify their relationship with each other. Joe ends up shattering the record thanks to Billy holding back in the final leg of the race, letting Joe win and coming in a close second.
Husbands and Wives	American	drama	Woody Allen	The film is about two couples: Jack (Pollack) and Sally (Davis), and Gabe (Allen) and Judy (Farrow). The film starts when Jack and Sally arrive at Gabe and Judy's apartment and announce their separation. Gabe is shocked, but Judy takes the news personally and is very hurt. Still confused, they go out for dinner at a Chinese restaurant. A few weeks later Sally goes to the apartment of a colleague. They plan to go out together to the opera and then to dinner. Sally asks if she can use his phone, and calls Jack. Learning from him that he has met someone, she accuses him of having had an affair during their marriage. Judy and Gabe are introduced to Jack's new girlfriend, Sam, an aerobics trainer. While Judy and Sam shop, Gabe calls Jack's new girlfriend a cocktail waitress and tells him that he is crazy for leaving Sally for her. About a week later, Judy introduces Sally to Michael (Neeson), Judy's magazine colleague who she clearly is interested in herself. Michael asks Sally out, and they begin dating; Michael is smitten, but Sally is dissatisfied with the relationship. Meanwhile, Gabe has developed a friendship with a young student of his, Rain, and has her read the manuscript of his novel. She comments on its brilliance, but has several criticisms, to which Gabe reacts defensively. At a party, Jack learns from a friend that Sally is seeing someone, and flies into a jealous rage. He and Sam break up after an intense argument, and Jack drives back to his house to find Sally in bed with Michael. He asks Sally to give their marriage another chance, but she tells him to leave. Less than two weeks later, however, Jack and Sally are back together and the couple meet Judy and Gabe for dinner like old times. After dinner, Judy and Gabe get into an argument about her not sharing her poetry. After Gabe makes a failed pass at her, Judy tells him she thinks the relationship is over; a week later Gabe moves out. Judy begins seeing Michael. Gabe goes to Rain's 21st birthday party, and gives her a music box as a present. She asks him to kiss her, and though the two share a romantic moment, Gabe tells her they should not pursue it any further. As he walks home in the rain, he realizes that he has ruined his relationship with Judy. Michael tells Judy he needs time alone, then says he can't help still having feelings for Sally. Angry and hurt, Judy walks out into the rain. Highlighting her passive aggressiveness, Michael follows and begs her to stay with him. A year and a half later they marry. At the end, the audience sees a pensive Jack and Sally back together. Jack and Sally admit their marital problems still exist (her frigidity is not solved), but they find they accept their problems as simply the price they have to pay to remain together. Gabe is living alone because he says he is not dating for the time being, as he does not want to hurt anyone. The film ends with an immediate cut to black after Gabe asks the unseen documentary crew, Can I go? Is this over?
Boat People	Hong Kong	drama	Ann Hui	The film is shown through the point of view of a Japanese photojournalist named Shiomi Akutagawa (Lam). Three years after covering Danang during the communist takeover, Akutagawa is invited back to Vietnam to report on life after the war. He is guided by a government minder to a New Economic Zone near Danang and is shown a group of schoolchildren happily playing, singing songs praising Ho Chi Minh. The scene that he sees is actually staged to deceive the foreign press. In Danang, he witnesses a fire and is beaten by the police for taking photos without permission. He also sees the police beating up a reactionary. Later he sees a family being forced to leave the city to a New Economic Zone and wonders why they would not want to go there, recalling the happy children that he saw. In the city, he meets Cam Nuong (Ma) and her family. Her mother secretly works as a prostitute to raise her children. She has two younger brothers, the older one, Nhac, is a street-smart boy who is conversant in American slang, while the younger boy, Lang, was fathered by a Korean that her mother serviced. From Cam Nuong, Akutagawa learns the grisly details of life under communism in Danang, including children searching for valuables in freshly executed corpses in the chicken farm. One day, Nhac finds an unexploded ordnance while scavenging in the garbage and is killed. At the chicken farm, Akutagawa meets To Minh (Lau), a young man who was just released from the New Economic Zone. After To Minh attempts to rob Akutagawa's camera, he is tried and re-sent to the New Economic Zone. Akutagawa uses his connections with an official to follow him there. At the New Economic Zone, he witnesses the inmates being mistreated. He returns to the location where the smiling children were singing for him earlier, and finds to his horror them sleeping unclothed in overcrowded barracks. Meanwhile, To Minh has a plan to escape the country with a friend named Thanh. However, while on duty dismantling landmines one day, Thanh is blown up. To Minh gets on the boat to flee the country alone, but he is set up. The Coast Guard is waiting for them and shoots indiscriminately into the boat, killing all on board then taking all the valuables. Cam Nuong's mother is arrested for prostitution and forced to confess publicly. She commits suicide by impaling herself with a hook. Akutagawa decides to sell his camera to help Cam Nuong and her brother leave the country. On the night of the ship's departure, Akutagawa helps them by carrying a container of diesel. However, they are discovered and he is shot at. The diesel container blows up, burning Akutagawa to death. The film ends with Cam Nuong and her brother safely on the boat, looking forward to a new life at a freer place.
Outcast of the Islands	British	drama	Carol Reed	Peter Willems (Trevor Howard), a selfish and ambitious man, is accused of stealing in his position as manager of a shipping port operation near Singapore. After he is dismissed for his misconduct he reacquaints himself with the trading ship Capt. Lingard (Ralph Richardson) who befriended him as a 12-year-old boy. Lingard agrees to help Willems regain his reputation by taking him to a trading village located up a difficult-to-navigate channel near the coast of Batam. Lingard's son-in-law, Elmer Almeyer (Robert Morley), operates a trading operation for Capt. Lingard in the village. Lingard asks Almeyer to take Willems under his wing and teach him the business. While Lingard is away on one of his sea trips, Willems abuses his trust, seduces the village chieftain's daughter Aissa (Kerima), attempts to steal Almeyer's business operation, humiliates Almeyer before the villagers, and shares the navigation secrets of the channel with an Arab trader who competes with Capt. Lingard. Lingard returns to discover the mess Willems has made and confronts Willems — who has now been condemned by the villagers because of the shame he brought to the frail and dying chieftain. He abandons Willems to live in isolation and exile.
Men of Tomorrow	British	drama	Zoltan Korda	This is the story of an Oxford University student in the years after his graduation. Allen Shepherd (Braddell) has become a successful novelist and has married Jane Anderson (Gardner). A firm proponent of traditional sex roles, Shepherd leaves Jane when she accepts a teaching post at Oxford. He later changes his views, and the couple is reunited. Robert Donat and Merle Oberon were given top billing when Men of Tomorrow was distributed in the United States in 1935.
Men Don't Leave	American	drama	Paul Brickman	Weighed down by her late contractor husband's debts in Bingham, Maryland, widowed mother Beth Macauley is compelled to sell her house and move to a less costly locale. She relocates in Baltimore with her sons Chris and Matt and takes a job at a gourmet food store managed by Lisa Coleman. 17-year-old Chris (Chris O'Donnell) turns angry and aggressive while 9-year-old Matt (Charlie Korsmo) hides his deep sense of loss under a steely exterior. Beth is drawn into a relationship with Charles Simon, a musician who builds her self-esteem. However, after losing her job, she plunges into a five-day depression during which she refuses to leave her bedroom. Beth is an extremely vulnerable, easily discouraged person who cannot seem to get a grip on her circumstances. Chris falls in love with Jody, an older Radiographer who lives in the same building. Matt falls under the influence of a young schoolmate who breaks into houses and steals VCRs. His dream is to get enough money to buy back their suburban house. Beth and her sons eventually pull themselves together, and realize that to abandon each other is not the answer. Beth tells her sons, Heartbreak is life educating us, and the lessons turn out to be worth learning.
Breaking the Waves	American	drama	Lars von Trier	Bess McNeill is a pretty young Scottish woman with a history of psychological problems. She marries atheist oil rig worker Jan Nyman, despite disapproval from her community and her Free Scottish Presbyterian Calvinist church. Bess is steadfast and pure of heart, but extremely simple and childlike in her beliefs. During her frequent visits to the church, she prays to God and carries on conversations with Him using her own voice, believing that He is responding directly through her. Bess has difficulty living without Jan when he is away on the oil platform. Jan makes occasional phone calls to Bess in which they express their love and sexual desires. Bess grows needy and prays for his immediate return. The next day, Jan is severely injured in an industrial accident and is flown back to the mainland. Bess believes her prayer was the reason the accident occurred, that God was punishing her for her selfishness in asking for him to neglect his job and come back to her. No longer able to perform sexually and mentally affected by the paralysis, Jan asks Bess to find a lover. Bess is devastated and storms out. Jan then attempts to commit suicide and fails. He falls unconscious and is readmitted to hospital. Jan's condition deteriorates. He urges Bess to find another lover and tell him the details, as it will be as if they are together and will revitalize his spirits. Though her sister-in-law Dodo constantly reassures her that nothing she does will affect his recovery, Bess begins to believe these suggestions are the will of God and in accordance with loving Jan wholly. Despite her repulsion and inner turmoil to be with other men, she perseveres in her own sexual debasement as she believes it will cure her husband. Bess throws herself at Jan's doctor, but when he rebuffs her, she takes to picking up men off the street and allowing herself to be brutalized in increasingly cruel sexual encounters. The entire village is scandalized by these doings, and Bess is excommunicated. In the face of being cast out from her church, she proclaims, You cannot love words. You cannot be in love with the Word. You can only love a human being. Dodo and Jan's doctor agree the only way to keep Bess safe from herself is to have her committed, and as far away from her husband as possible. It is then that Bess decides to make what she thinks is the ultimate sacrifice for Jan: she unflinchingly goes out to a derelict ship full of barbarous sailors, who rape and violently attack her, to which she ultimately succumbs. The church refuses to give a funeral for her and damns her soul to hell. Unbeknownst to the church elders, Jan and his friends have substituted bags of sand for Bess's body inside the sealed coffin. Jan is later shown burying her in the ocean, in deep grief but substantially restored to health despite the doctors not having thought such possible. The film ends in magical realism as Bess's body is nowhere to be seen on the sonar, and church bells ring from on high in the sky.
Dealers	British	drama	Colin Bucksey	Based at the London branch of Whitney Paine, a fictional American investment bank; possibly a play on the names of Paine Webber and Dean Witter.
Still Life	Chinese	drama	Jia Zhangke	Still Life is set in Fengjie, a city upstream of the massive Three Gorges Dam. Now marked for flooding, the city undergoes a process of self-deconstruction. Into this dying town comes Han Sanming, a coal-miner from the province of Shanxi who has returned in search of a wife who ran away sixteen years ago. Upon arriving, he asks a local motorcyclist to drive him to his former address on Granite Street. The driver takes him to the river bank, revealing that his entire neighborhood has been flooded since the building of the dam. After a failed attempt to obtain his wife's information from the local municipal office, Han Sanming settles into a local hotel. Sanming's next stop is a rickety boat owned by his wife's elder brother. The brother informs Sanming that his wife and daughter (the real reason for his return) work downriver in Yichang but that if he remains in the city, they will eventually return there. Sanming then befriends a local teen, Brother Mark, who helps him get a job with his demolition crew. Together, the two spend their days tearing down buildings. The film then cuts to a second story with the arrival of Shen Hong, a nurse. Shen Hong's husband, Guo Bin had left their home in Shanxi two years earlier and had made only token attempts to keep in contact. She eventually enlists the help of one of her husband's friends, Wang Dongming, who lets her stay at his home as the two seek Guo Bin. Shen Hong discovers that Guo Bin had become a fairly successful businessman in Fengjie. Dongming refuses to answer whether Guo Bin has another girl on the side, though Shen Hong later finds out her husband is indeed having an affair with his wealthy investor. When Guo Bin and Shen Hong at last meet, she simply walks away. As her husband pursues her, she tells him that she has fallen in love with someone else and wishes to divorce. When he asks with whom and when she had fallen in love, she responds, Does it really matter? The film then cuts back to Sanming for the final third. He has been working at demolishing buildings for some time when Brother Mark is fatally injured in a collapse of a wall (or perhaps he was murdered during a job contracted out by Guo Bin to gather a gang of youths to intimidate the inhabitants of a rival piece of real estate). Soon afterwards, his brother-in-law calls informing him that his wife, Missy Ma has returned. Sanming and Missy then meet. Sanming asks why she left him, to which she answers, I was young, what did I know? She tells him that their daughter works further south, and that she works for a boat-owner essentially as an indentured servant due to her brothers debt. Sanming attempts to take his ex-wife with him, but is informed that he will have to pay 30,000 RMB to cover the debt. He promises to do so, and makes the decision to head back to Shanxi to work in the mines. His new friends and coworkers announce that they will be following, but Sanming reminds them of the intensely dangerous nature of the work. The film ends as Sanming prepares to depart.
The Wedding of Lilli Marlene	British	drama	Arthur Crabtree	After the end of World War 2, Lilli Marlene and American reporter Steve Moray plan to marry, but when Lilli gets a chance for a big break on the London stage, it throws their plans into disarray.
Aasoo Bane Angaarey	Bollywood	drama	Mehul Kumar	After the death of his first wife, Mr. Verma, who's the managing director of his firm remarries Durgadevi (Bindu), so that she can look after his son, Ravi Verma (Jeetendra). She actually seems to have a good relationship with both him and Ravi. Subsequently, Durga also gets pregnant and gives birth to a son Kiran Verma (Kiran Kumar). After a few years as Mr. Verma passes away, Durga decides to enter into politics with the help of Sewakram (Prem Chopra). Ravi takes over from his father as the managing director of his firm and instantly falls in love with a poor girl, Usha (Madhuri Dixit) after seeing a dance performance of hers. Due to this, he also gives her a typist job in his firm. She initially disagrees to this relationship due to their status differences, but Ravi still disregards this. Durgadevi also disagrees with the marriage due to the same reason reminding him of how his rich father married his mother, who was also a typist. But later she falsely agrees so she can win the hearts of the poor to vote for her for her upcoming election as the state's chief minister. Usha then starts to love Ravi a lot. After the marriage, Durga stands for election and wins to become the state's Chief Minister. Usha once overhears the actual reason why Durga agreed to her and Ravi's marriage which saddens her, but she hides this from others. Meanwhile, she also becomes pregnant, where Durgadevi doesn't seem focused on it, especially once in front of Usha and Ravi, which shocks them since she's busy receiving calls from other politicians for her election victory. Ravi, for his business-related work, has to travel to London, England after initially disagreeing to leave Usha alone in a situation where she's pregnant. But he believes his mother will take good care of her. Kiran tells his mother that he has had an affair with Usha before she married Ravi, which is apparently false. Shocked with this, Durgadevi decides to deal with this situation. Usha falls prey to Durgadevi, Kiran, and Sewakram and is thrown out of the house after Kiran falsely accuses her of seducing him. Ravi arrives back home and also disowns her after finding it hard to believe she stooped so low. Along with this, Usha's mother and sister who was attempted to be raped by Kiran once in Ravi's office with the scene slightly in front of Usha are burnt to death in their house by Kiran and his friend and helper. They also try to kill Usha and her unborn baby, but they miraculously survive after the baby is born and live with a kind-hearted taxi driver Hamid who lost his right leg because of Kiran and his helper and helped Usha and her daughter Madhu survive. Usha forgets her in-laws and Ravi and begins a new life. Hamid becomes close to Usha and Madhu. Years later, he dies and Madhu now a young woman and college student who is a duplicate of her mom find out from Sewakram about her family and her mother's past life. Thus she plans for revenge on her paternal grandmother and uncle for what they did to her mother. She pretends to be someone else by entering the Verma household, where only her loving father remembers her mother's face after she becomes a typist in his firm. She also quickly wins their hearts and becomes their secretary to help them in any matter. Part of her revenge also includes falsely accusing Kiran of seducing her and this what makes Ravi wonder after Kiran mentions of what actually they did to Usha. Later they find out who she is as her revenge is completed. She tells her mother this, who becomes angry. Miraculously, Ravi comes to their home and he and Usha reunite lovingly. But Madhu hates him as he never searched for her over the years. So Ravi tells her about what his mother and brother did to Usha and Sewakram was a part of telling her everything so he can gain the Verma business firm. Shocked, Madhu takes revenge on him along with her dad and Durga and Kiran realize their grave mistake of hurting Usha. Madhu also falls in love with Kiran's initially poor brother-in-law Chandra (Deepak Tijori), who lives in the Verma household after his initially poor sister, a teacher Chanda (Archana Puran Singh) suddenly married him after Usha was thrown out of the house. Durga and Ravi also initially disagreed to this marriage due to status differences. Kiran is run over by Sewakram and Sewakram is killed by Shyamsundar (Anupam Kher), Ravi's paternal uncle and husband of his aunt Mrs. Shyamsundar (Aruna Irani) who left the Verma house after Kiran's marriage. He was also the only one to believe in Usha's innocence after she was falsely accused of seducing Kiran. Before dying, Kiran sadly confesses lying about Usha to his mother about their affair and she seducing him on the day she was thrown out. His death is honored by everyone in the Verma household, who all forgive him and finally reunite.
Libido	Australian	drama	David Baker, Tim Burstall, John B. Murray, Fred Schepisi	The four segments of the film average about 30 minutes in length and are presented in the following order.[3]
Lou	Australian	drama	Belinda Chayko	Young mother Rhea (Barclay) without a partner, tries to raise her three girls in their ramshackle home while trying to survive on social security. Set in sugarcane country in northern NSW, their lives are upended when Doyle (Hurt); a former merchant seaman—now in the early stages of Alzheimer's, is thrust upon them with the promise of increased benefits.
Arena	American	drama	Peter Manoogian	Steve Armstrong (Paul Satterfield) is working as a short order cook on a space station somewhere in the galaxy. Overwhelmed by the volume of orders, he repeatedly fouls up and soon finds himself in a confrontation with an alien patron named Fang. After a fight which smashes up the diner and leaves the alien injured, Steve and his friend and co-worker Shorty (Hamilton Camp) are fired. As it turns out, Fang is an Arena fighter, and his manager Quinn (Claudia Christian) confronts Steve. Amazed that a human could beat one of her best fighters, Quinn offers him a contract, but convinced that humans no longer have a place in the Arena, Steve refuses, intending to make his way back to Earth. Lacking sufficient money for a ticket, Shorty attempts to raise the cash by gambling in an underground casino. The game is raided by the authorities and in the confusion, Shorty pockets the money. Caught in the act by crime boss Rogor (Marc Alaimo) and his enforcer Weezil (Armin Shimerman), Shorty is held for ransom. Steve promises to pay off the debt, so he reluctantly returns to Quinn and agrees to a contract. Remarkably he wins his first match with an alien named Sloth in an upset. He continues fighting, determined to prove that a human has what it takes to be champion, and soon becomes a top contender. Despite Rogor's multiple attempts to cheat, Steve ultimately wins the championship from Rogor's top fighter, an alien named Horn (Michael Deak).
Chashme Buddoor	Bollywood	drama	Sai Paranjpye	Siddharth (Farooq Shaikh), Omi (Rakesh Bedi) and Jomo (Ravi Baswani) are close friends and room mates who are studying at Delhi University. Siddharth has completed M.A in Economics and is preparing for PhD. While Siddharth is a studious boy who loves to spend most of his time with books, his other two friends- Omi and Jomo are mostly busy chasing girls, watching movies or dramas. The only thing common among the three of them is smoking. One day, Omi and Jomo see a girl (Neha) who is new to their neighborhood and try to impress her by their tricks. However, both of them give up after experiencing shameful events. After some days, Neha (Deepti Naval) visits their flat as the salesgirl of Chamko washing powder. As soon as Jomo and Omi see her, they hide quickly. Siddharth meets Neha for the first time and soon a love story begins. But when his other two friends find out, they decide to plot something to end their relationship and also to seek revenge to the embarrassment inflicted upon them by the girl. Initially, they succeed in separating Siddharth and Neha, but later on repent when they realise that Siddharth has started losing his interest in work and study and is most likely to end his life as well. Finally, they decide to reunite both the lovers. The parallel plot runs between Omi, Jomo, Siddharth and Lallan Miyan (Saeed Jaffrey). Lallan Miyan is the local shopkeeper who sells cigarettes to Omi and Jomo on credit. But as students, they don't clear their debts, Lallan Miyan tries to follow up with them to get their dues. A spate of kidnapping (especially of young girls) has started in Delhi. One fine day, Omi and his friends along with Neha's grandmother plan to stage a fake kidnapping and get married. But unfortunately, she is kidnapped by the real gang and the duo is left in the lurch. The later part of the story revolves on how they clear the confusion that she has been going through and how she was kidnapped by real thugs and finally rescued.
Genesis	Bollywood	drama	Mrinal Sen	A farmer (Naseeruddin Shah) and a weaver (Om Puri) exchange their products for goods provided by a regular passing trader (M.K. Raina). A woman (Shabana Azmi) arrives, forcing the two men's desires but also urging them to obtain more recompense from the trader. After a visit to a village fair, the two men become more acquisitive and jealousies break out over the now pregnant woman who simply ups and leaves. As the two men fight each other, the trader's men attack and enslave the workers again.
The Eye of the Storm	Australian	drama	Fred Schepisi	In the Sydney suburb of Centennial Park, a dying matriarch, Elizabeth Hunter (Rampling) is attended to by two nurses, a housekeeper and her two adult children (Rush and Davis). Despite her deteriorating health, Elizabeth continues to wield considerable control over her affairs and those around her.[4]
This Sporting Life	British	drama	Lindsay Anderson	Set in Wakefield, the film concerns Frank Machin (Harris) a bitter young coal miner from the West Riding of Yorkshire. Following a nightclub altercation, in which he takes on the captain of the local rugby league club and punches a couple of the others, he is recruited by the team's manager, who sees profit in his aggressive streak. Although at first somewhat uncoordinated at league, he impresses the team's owner, Gerald Weaver (Badel), with the spirit and brutality of his playing style during the trial. He is signed up to the top team as a loose forward (number 13) and impresses all with his aggressive forward play. He often punches or elbows the opposing players. Off the field, Frank is much less successful. His recently widowed landlady, Mrs Margaret Hammond (Roberts), a mother of two young children, lost her husband in an accident at Weaver's engineering firm but received no financial compensation, because the death was ruled a suicide. Frank eventually has sexual relations with Margaret but in her grief she cannot return any affection. She sometimes insults him, referring to him as just a great ape and finds his boorish behaviour at a smart restaurant off-putting. He is occasionally violent towards her. He leaves and stays at a homeless men's shelter after a row over her late husband. He has another quarrel with Weaver and his predatory wife, whose advances he rejects much to her chagrin. Intending a reconciliation with Margaret, he finds that she is in a hospital. She is unconscious, having suffered a brain haemorrhage shortly after their split and she dies without regaining consciousness. In the end he is seen as just a great ape on a football field, vulnerable to the ravages of time and injury.
Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush	British	drama	Clive Donner	Jamie McGregor (Barry Evans) is a virginal sixth-former in a swinging sixties new town, delivering groceries for the local supermarket. However he is more interested in matters sexual and sets out to lose his virginity by attempting to seduce the local girls – Linda, Paula, Caroline, Audrey, and his dream girl Mary.
Newcastle	Australian	drama	Dan Castle	Young surfer Jesse has always been in the shadow of his older brother Victor, who tried to become a champion surfer and failed. Jesse, his friends—Nathan, Andy and Scotty—and his brother Fergus (who has a crush on Andy, which is reciprocated), along with Deb and Leah, all go on a camping-surfing trip to a remote beach, but when Victor shows up tragedy hits. Things get competitive and in a severe accident Andy is seriously injured while Victor is killed. After the funeral, Fergus and Jesse bond on a night under the stars, and the film ends on a happier note, with Jesse as a competitor in a junior surf comp.
Mazdoor	Bollywood	drama	Ravi Chopra	Mr. Sinha (Nazir Hussain) changes everything in order to maximize profits. This brings him into conflict with his employees including Dinanath Saxena. When Dinanath openly confronts Hiralal in a public meeting, Hiralal wants him to tender a written apology, but Dinanath instead resigns and decides to open his very own mill with the help of a struggling Engineer, Ashok Mathur. They do eventually succeed, go into production, hire employees, and soon earn a good reputation. Dinanath gets his daughter, Meena, married to Ashok much to the chagrin of Smita, the daughter of multi-millionaire Kundanlal Batra, who had expected Ashok to marry her. She soon concocts a scheme to bring discord in the Sinha family, and also ensure Ashok's ruin.
Swarg	Bollywood	drama	David Dhawan	Living in a luxurious mansion named Swarg, this is the story of Mr. Kumar or Sahabji (Rajesh Khanna) a rich businessman and his wife (Madhavi (actress)) sister Jyoti (Juhi Chawla), two brothers Vicky (Raja Bundela) and Ravi (Dilip Dhawan), and a sister-in-law (Neena Gupta). He also has a loyal servant, Krishna (Govinda). Sahabji has a clash of wits with Dhanraj (Paresh Rawal), a dishonest man who successfully schemes with Sahabji's two brothers and sets fire in Sahabji's factory, citing short circuit as the reason and takes over the luxurious mansion and vast business empire, leaving Sahabji virtually penniless, and devastated with the passing away of his wife. His brothers have now taken over the money, the mansion and his business. Krishna was scolded & slapped very painfully and was asked by sahabji to leave the mansion because he was charged with stealing Jyoti's necklace by Sahabji's brothers and sister-in-law. Later, he comes to know that Sahabji intentionally banished him so that he can do something better in life. Krishna moves to Mumbai and meets a man (Airport) and they become friends. He works hard, becomes a superstar and returns to find his Sahabji and teaches a good lesson to Dhanraj (sets fire in Dhanraj mills) and buys the mansion. He also teaches a nice lesson to Sahabji's cheater brothers by committing fraud in business with them (as they did not know that their partner was Krishna, because they never saw him). Later, Krishna buys Sahabji's former bungalow. He finds Sahabji and Jyoti in a pitiable condition. He brings them back to the bungalow. Sahabji's brothers realise their mistake. Krishna forgives them and brings them back to the bungalow. The brothers ask for forgiveness from Sahabji. At this point, Sahabji has from a heart attack. He forgives his brothers. He also approves Jyoti and Krishna's relationship and tells them to marry. Later, Sahabji dies, leaving his family.
True Believer	American	drama	Joseph Ruben	Eddie Dodd is a burnt-out attorney who has left behind civil rights work to defend drug dealers. Roger Baron is an idealistic young legal clerk, fresh out of law school, who encourages Dodd to take on the case of Shu Kai Kim, a young Korean man who was imprisoned for a gang-related murder and has now killed a fellow inmate in self-defense. Kim's mother believes her son was wrongfully accused in the gang-related murder. Dodd and Baron's investigation leads to a conspiracy among the district attorney, a police informant, and several police officers.[3]
Shanghai Story	Chinese	drama	Peng Xiaolian	The film follows the rise and fall of a family in Shanghai. Once wealthy and capitalist, the family unraveled during the Cultural Revolution in the 1960s and 1970s. Their home, once a French concession mansion, was converted into a multi-family dwelling. Years later, the matriarch of the family announces that she is dying. When her four grown children return, it becomes the first time the family has been under one roof in decades.
Big Eyes	American	drama	Tim Burton	In 1958, Margaret Ulbrich leaves her husband and takes her young daughter Jane to North Beach, San Francisco. Supporting her daughter alone, Margaret gets a job painting illustrations at a furniture factory. While creating portraits at an outdoor art show, Margaret meets Walter Keane, who is selling his Parisian street scene paintings. Soon, Walter proposes to her and they marry. Walter goes to a popular jazz club and tries to convince the club's owner, Enrico Banducci, to purchase the couple's paintings. He only agrees to rent out the walls to Walter. A drunk woman is touched by one of Margaret's paintings and buys it. Walter fights with Banducci and ends up on the front page of the local newspaper. When Walter goes to the club again it is packed with curious people. Dick Nolan, a celebrity gossip columnist (who serves as the film's narrator), wants to know more about Walter's art, but is only interested in Margaret's paintings. Afterward, Walter shows Margaret all the money they have made from the sales. He tells her they are a great team: she can stay at home painting and he will sell her works. Walter opens up his own Keane gallery, promoting the art as his own work, and sells reproductions. Margaret, however, is upset about Walter taking credit for her art, and feels guilty about lying to Jane about who is the real artist. Margaret decides to paint in a different style with elongated features and small eyes, so that she can honestly tell people she is also a painter. Margaret and Walter move into a mansion. While going through a crate Margaret finds a stack of paintings of Parisian street scenes, but they are all signed by S. CENIC. She realizes Walter paints over the name of the original artist and claims the paintings as his own. When Margaret confronts Walter, he says he always wanted to be an artist, but never had the talent. Walter learns of the New York World's Fair and demands Margaret paint something to put on display; she refuses and Walter threatens to have her killed. Jane discovers her mother working on the World's Fair painting Tomorrow Forever. Jane tells her mother she always knew that she was the real artist. At a party, Walter is angered after reading John Canaday's scathing review of the Tomorrow Forever exhibit and confronts Canaday. Back at home, Walter starts drunkenly throwing lit matches at Margaret and Jane. They run into the studio and lock the door, but Walter nearly sets the house on fire. Margaret runs away with Jane. One year later, Margaret and Jane have settled in Honolulu, Hawaii. Walter will not agree to a divorce unless Margaret signs over the rights to every painting, and produces 100 more. Margaret agrees and continues sending paintings to California. Margaret is visited by two Jehovah's Witnesses who convince her that honesty is important. The next time Walter receives the paintings, they are signed MDH Keane. On a Hawaiian radio show, Margaret reveals she is the real artist behind the paintings attributed to Walter, making national news. Nolan publishes Walter's claims that Margaret has gone nuts. Margaret sues both Walter and the newspapers that printed his version of the story for libel and slander. At the trial, reporters swarm the courthouse in Honolulu. The judge immediately rules that Margaret's statements in the press have contributed to the public idea that Walter has painted the paintings, and as such dismisses the libel lawsuit against the newspapers. Since the libel suit only concerned the newspaper and its lawyers, Walter is left to defend himself against slander, even cross-examining himself as a witness. The judge directs both Margaret and Walter to create a painting in one hour to prove who is the real artist. Margaret paints steadily, but Walter is hesitant, claiming his arm hurts too much to hold a paintbrush. Margaret completes her painting and wins the lawsuit. Outside the courthouse, Margaret says she doesn’t care about money and just wants credit for her paintings. A fan asks her to sign a copy of Tomorrow's Masters and she does, finally autographing her own work. The end credits then state that Margaret later retired in life and opened an Art Gallery, while Walter continued with his claim that he was the true artist but never produced anything to back this, and eventually died bitter and penniless.
Dubshatar	Bangladeshi	drama	Nurul Alam Atique	A complicated relationship between a female social worker and a drug addict. Any confront involving several, any confront that you simply pass by each day within the street, any confront that is certainly an individual, your sis, your sibling, or even any individual else's. Each and every confront conveys to a tale, they will live any existence, apparently with their mundane, rich in drudgery and monotony. However, perhaps involving these kind of minutes regarding uninteresting drudgery, you will discover minutes regarding natural poems, exhilaration and enlightenment. The actual history regarding In Too Deep is just like that. Renu, once any tomboy, rich in existence and objectives, possesses entered your paradigm regarding reality. She's been your eye regarding the girl older sibling, created window blind directly into this world. Your lover presented shade inside his / her world, since the girl world becomes grey. She's been agreeing to the globe. The woman's fantasy and the girl fact are usually including two distant exoplanets. The woman's avoid will become the girl interest, consumed about, since a kind of obsession, with the distant and aloof world of your recluse male. The woman's discussion with your pet bears any strange fruits. And the lady attempts to find the girl responses all-around the girl, by the girl child years to be able to the girl goals and beyond. Can your adjusting tides all around the girl carry the girl reply?
Angels and Insects	American	drama	Philip Haas	William Adamson (Mark Rylance), a brilliant naturalist, has recently returned to Victorian England, staying with the family of his wealthy benefactor, Sir Harold Alabaster (Jeremy Kemp). He is penniless after losing all of his possessions in a shipwreck returning from a years-long expedition to the Amazon. Now dependent upon the hospitality of his patron, William is employed to catalog Sir Harold's specimen collection and teach his younger children the natural sciences, assisting their governess, the unassuming Matty Crompton (Kristin Scott Thomas). William quickly becomes enamoured with Sir Harold's eldest daughter, Eugenia (Patsy Kensit). Eugenia is softly spoken, anxious, and still mourning the recent death of her fiancé. Despite his impoverished circumstances, Eugenia proves receptive to his advances and accepts his proposal of marriage. Although Sir Harold grants his approval, Eugenia's snobbish and spoilt brother Edgar (Douglas Henshall) takes an intense dislike to William because of his humble origins. Soon after the marriage, Eugenia informs William that she is pregnant. She insists on naming the boy 'Edgar' after her brother, frustrating William. Eugenia's behaviour alternates between coldness towards William, locking him out of her room at night, and moments of intense sexual passion. Over time the couple has four more children, although William never warms to them. He instead spends much of his time with the Alabaster children and Matty, observing the activity of an ant colony in the forest. Returning via the stables from an excursion, William discovers his brother-in-law Edgar raping a very young servant girl. Edgar tells William that the girl wanted it, but it is clear the girl is terrified of Edgar. William forms a strong bond with Matty Crompton, who encourages his scientific activities and displays a strong intelligence of her own. They collaborate on a book about the colony, which is successfully published in London. One day, during a hunting excursion, William is summoned back to the house by a servant boy who claims that Eugenia wishes to speak to him. He walks into the bedroom, surprising Eugenia and Edgar while they are engaging in incestuous sex. Eugenia then confesses that she and Edgar had been having sex since they were children and that her fiancé committed suicide after discovering this. Eugenia tells William that when it started she was too young to properly understand and kept it secret, but after she became engaged and saw herself through the eyes of her fiancé she felt guilty. In tears, Eugenia explains that she tried to stop, but that Edgar's will was too strong for her. William realises that he has been used by Edgar to continue practicing incest and that all of the children (who bear no resemblance to him) are Edgar's. Matty reveals her knowledge of the affair to William during a Scrabble-like game by discreetly moving around letter tiles that spell INSECT to INCEST. Meeting in her attic room, she explains that the servants were also aware and it was through their instigation that the secret was exposed to William. Expressing frustration at her life and her dependency on the Alabasters, Matty reveals that she has published her own book on the insects and has bought two tickets for passage aboard a ship bound for the Amazon. William is initially reluctant for them both to go; despite his attraction to Matty, he does not feel that the rain forest is a suitable place for a woman. After she assures him of her strength, and reveals that she loves him, William acquiesces to her plan. Before leaving, William meets with Eugenia one last time and tells her he intends never to return. He also promises to keep her secret, for fear of injuring her ailing father with the news, and hopes she may find a way to live with her grief. The movie ends with William and Matty departing in a coach for Liverpool, eager to begin their new adventure and leave the past behind.
Kekexili: Mountain Patrol	Chinese	drama	Lu Chuan	The film opens with the summary execution of a patrol member by poachers and then follows, in quasi-documentary style, reporter Ga Yu (played by Zhang Lei) who is sent from Beijing to investigate. In Kekexili he meets Ritai (played by Tibetan actor Tobgyal, or Duo Bujie (多布杰) in Mandarin) at the Sky burial of the deceased patrol member. Ritai is the leader of the vigilantes who, despite poverty and the lack of any government support, roam the land to protect the endangered Tibetan antelope from extinction. Admitted into the patrol, Ga becomes a sort of embedded journalist in the hunt for the poachers across Kekexili. The patrol team hunts down a family of poachers and learns from them the whereabouts of their gunman and leader. But the long journey means they can no longer afford to follow on with the entire team and captured poachers. They release the poachers and send one of the cars, driven by Liu Dong (played by Qi Liang), back with the injured and sick team members to the hospital. He did not have sufficient funds for the medical fee and Ritai tells him to sell some antelope skins to raise the money. Ga questioned the sales of antelope skins and learns from Ritai that they have received no funds from the government for at least a year. The two remaining vehicles continue the search but one of them breaks down. Ritai ask them to wait for the other car to return and pick them up, but severe weather forces them to trek their way home. Liu Dong, travelling alone on the way back to join Ritai with his vehicle fully stocked with supplies, is swallowed by dry quicksand when his vehicle gets stuck. Ritai and Ga finally finds the gunman and leader. But, outnumbered and outgunned, Ritai is killed by the poacher. Ga is free to go as he is not a patrol member. Ritai's body is brought back home for a Sky burial. Captions at the end of the movie state that Ga's reports on the atrocities in Kekexili shook the nation. After the authorities initially arrested four patrol members for selling pelts, public pressure had them released, but the patrol is nevertheless disbanded. A year later the Chinese government declares Kekexili a national nature preserve and establishes a forestry bureau to protect it. The captions further state that antelope numbers grow back to 30,000 at the time of the movie's release.
Juggernaut	British	drama	Richard Lester	The ocean liner SS Britannic is in the middle of a voyage in the North Atlantic with 1200 passengers on board when the shipping line's owner Nicholas Porter (Ian Holm) in London receives a telephone call from an unidentified person with an Irish accent styling himself as Juggernaut, who claims to have placed seven drums of amatol (high explosive) aboard the ship which are timed to explode and sink it at dawn on the following day. He warns that the drums are booby-trapped in various ways and that any attempt to move them will result in detonation and offers that technical instructions in how to render the bombs safe will be given in exchange on a ransom being paid to him of £500,000. As an indication of his seriousness he then sets off a demonstration attack with a series of small bombs on the ship's bridge, which injure one crewman. Unable to order an evacuation of the ship's passengers via lifeboats due to rough seas besetting it, the shipping line's management is inclined to yield to the ransom demand, however when the police are called in British government officials inform the company that if it does so they will withdraw the company's operating subsidy in line with the Government's policy of non-appeasement of terrorism. Instead, a Royal Navy officer, Lt. Cmdr. Anthony Fallon (Richard Harris), leading a bomb-disposal unit is dispatched, arriving on the scene by air transit and parachuting into the sea, with orders to board the ship and defuse the barrel-bombs before the deadline. Meanwhile back in London, Supt. McCleod (Anthony Hopkins), whose wife and two children happen to be holidaying on board the ship, leads Scotland Yard's investigation against the clock to capture the criminal master-bomber. After an attempt to defuse one bomb by remote-controlled robot fails, setting it off and damaging the ship, Fallon decides to split up his team with each man working simultaneously on each of the remaining devices at different points around the ship, Fallon going first with each stage of the defusing operation and informing his men of each move by radio link, with the aim that if he fails and his bomb explodes, his men will know what went wrong and continue the process onwards, with his second in command taking up the lead, until the devices are disarmed. However, if two more bombs go off, the ship will sink. Fallon proceeds to disarm the bomb he is working on, apparently successfully, with his men following each step. However, it contains a hidden secondary mechanism and one of his men, close friend Charlie Braddock (David Hemmings), accidentally triggers it, resulting in his death when it explodes, causing further damage to the ship. A disillusioned Fallon at this point abandons the operation and advises the ship's captain, Alex Brunel (Omar Sharif), to advise the shipping line to pay the ransom to avoid any more carnage, but when negotiations with Juggernaut break down at the last minute, Fallon is ordered by the captain to continue disarming the remaining bombs. Meanwhile, an extensive police search back in London captures the bomber posing as Juggernaut, who is revealed as an embittered former British military bomb-disposal officer, Sidney Buckland (Freddie Jones). He is escorted to the police situation room. After interrogation, he agrees to tell Fallon - whom he knows personally, having trained him as a junior officer - by radio-link how to disarm the bombs as time is running out and the dawn detonation is fast approaching. However, in doing so, after some hesitation when Fallon appeals for his clemency on the basis of their former comradeship, Buckland betrays him and his own chance for redemption and gives fatally false direction. Fallon, sensing he is being misled, does the opposite of what he is told, disabling the device. The rest of the bomb-disposal unit swiftly follow his example, and the ship and its passengers are saved.
Innocent Sinners	British	drama	Philip Leacock	Lovejoy (June Archer) is a neglected young girl in Post-war London, who finds solace in the secret garden she creates in a bombed out church with the help of a friend.
Gladiator	American	drama	Rowdy Herrington	Tommy Riley and his father have just moved to start a new life. Tommy's father has accumulated many gambling debts but has found a new job that requires him to travel extensively, leaving his son alone at home. Tommy also has a hard time fitting in at school, having crossed gang members. He takes a job at a local diner and enters into a romantic relationship with Dawn, the daughter of the owner, but is jumped by the gang members outside the restaurant. Seeing how well Tommy is able to fight, a local boxing promoter by the name of Pappy Jack offers Tommy a chance to fight in an illegal underground boxing operation. When two men arrive announcing that Tommy's father owes a large sum of money to pay off gambling debts, Jack convinces his boss, boxing promoter Jimmy Horn to buy out the debt, which forces Tommy to pay off his father's debts by boxing. Tommy enjoys a great deal of success and develops a friendship with Romano and Abraham Lincoln Haines, two fellow fighters. However, he continues to be harassed by gang members, and discovers that two of them, Black Death and Short Cut are boxers who fight dirty, using elbows, kicks, knees, and low blows, and counting on the crooked refs to overlook the clear violations. Tommy defeats Black Death in the ring, but Short Cut hides a fluid in his gloves, which he uses to blind Romano during a match. Unable to defend himself, Romano is brutally beaten in the ring and is declared brain dead by the doctors. Short Cut later tries the same trick on Tommy, but Tommy has learned to fight dirty, and still defeats Short Cut despite being unable to see. Meanwhile, Lincoln shows signs of possible brain damage and is told to quit fighting for at least 60 days or else suffer permanent brain damage. Despite this, Horn arranges a match between Lincoln and Tommy. Afraid of killing Lincoln, Tommy takes a beating until the two are unwilling to continue the match. In revenge, Horn, a former boxer who retired undefeated, punches Lincoln severely enough to knock him out of the ring. Furious, Tommy challenges Horn to a match. If Horn wins, Tommy will continue to work for him indefinitely, but if Tommy wins, his father's debt is wiped clean. Horn accepts on the condition that they fight bare-knuckle. Horn's vast experience with boxing initially gives him the upper hand, and Horn's confidence influences him to play with and humiliate Tommy as a result. Tommy eventually uses the various forms of advice he has received throughout his brief boxing experience to outthink Horn: he fakes a broken hand to give Horn even more confidence, and then uses the element of surprise to defeat Horn, freeing himself from Horn's contract.
December Boys	Australian	drama	Rod Hardy	This film is a coming of age picture for the four main characters, and how their lives change over one Christmas holiday. The film is set in late 1960s Australia. Four orphan boys from a Roman Catholic orphanage in the outback of Australia  –  Maps, Misty, Spark and Spit  –  were all born in the month of December, and for their birthday, they are sent on a holiday to the beach to stay with Mr. and Mrs. McAnsh. While there, they meet Fearless, a man who claims to be the risk motorbike rider in the nearby carnival, and his wife, Teresa. Misty, Spark and Spit instantly become closer to Teresa, but Maps, eldest of the four, is still reluctant to talk to her. He instead finds more fun in spending time with an older teenage girl named Lucy, who had come to the beach to stay with her uncle. He often goes up to a place with strange rocks, and meets her there. A few days later, the orphans peek through a window in Fearless' house to see Teresa undressing, but Misty, being the most religious of the four, throws a rock at the wall to make them go away. Misty runs back to Mr. McAnsh's house and looks through the small opening of a door to see someone in the shower, only to find that it is the sickly Mrs. McAnsh. They soon discover that she has breast cancer. One night, Misty overhears Fearless talking to his friends about the possibility of adopting one of the orphans. Excited about the opportunity to finally have parents, he keeps it to himself until he decides to reveal it to a priest who has driven to the beach for the orphans' confessions. The other boys realise that he is taking too long, and once he is finished, they force it out of him with the threat of Spit spitting on him while he is pinned to the ground. Misty, Spark and Spit are eager to compete for the love of the seemingly perfect Fearless and Teresa, but Maps is less than excited, even saying to Lucy, What's the big deal about parents, anyway? Maps experiences his first kiss with Lucy, and soon loses his virginity to her in one of the caves of the Remarkable Rocks. There, she tells him to promise that he will always remember her as his first. The next day, he goes up to the Remarkable Rocks, only to find Lucy is not there. Her uncle tells him that she's left the beach to return to her father, and will not likely be back until next summer. Heartbroken, he goes to the carnival to find Fearless and talk to him, but discovers that he is not a motorbike rider there, and instead cleans up after the animals. Furious that he'd lied all along, he finds a painting made by Misty of him as the son of Fearless and Teresa, and destroys it. Misty attacks him and hits him with the fragments of the frame he'd put the painting in, and the bond between the four orphans is broken. Fearless finds Maps in the cave of the Remarkable Rocks, and explains to him what had really happened. It is revealed to that Fearless was formerly a bike rider, and did all of the stunts with Teresa riding on the back of the bike. Then, there was an accident that kept Teresa in the hospital for nearly a year, making her unable to have children. That was the reason they had wanted to adopt one of the orphans. Maps returns to the beach and finds out from Spark and Spit that Misty has gone into the water, and is drowning. Maps goes after him despite the fact that he cannot swim. Both he and Misty nearly drown. Underwater, they open their eyes to see a vision of the Virgin Mary, possibly meaning that they are dying. Before they can reach out to it, the two boys are grabbed by Fearless and brought back to the shore. Maps and Misty reconcile with each other and the four are friends again. The next day, the boys are called to Fearless' and Teresa's house for an announcement. There, they reveal the couple is going to adopt Misty. He takes leave of his friends and he watches on the front porch with Fearless and Teresa as the other three orphans walk away and begin playing on some rocks down the beach. Misty realises that they are his true family, and asks Fearless and Teresa if he can stay with them instead. They accept, and he returns home with the orphans. Many decades later, Misty, as an old man, drives to the same beach along with the ashes of Maps, who had recently died while working as a priest in Africa helping refugees, and Lucy's ring that she gave to Maps on that holiday long ago. He meets up with Spark and Spit, and they toss the ashes and ring loose into the wind from the hill above the beach, remembering Maps and their time there, with a cheer to The December Boys.
Salome's Last Dance	British	drama	Ken Russell	In the play, all the roles are played by prostitutes or their clients, and each actor (except Grace) plays two roles, one in the brothel and the other in the play. King Herod (Stratford Johns) begs his young stepdaughter Salome (Imogen Millais-Scott) to dance for him, promising to give her anything she desires, much to the irritation of her mother, Herodias (Glenda Jackson). Salome ignores him, choosing instead to try and seduce John the Baptist, who is Herod's prisoner. John responds by loudly condemning both Herod and Salome in the name of God. A spurned and vengeful Salome then agrees to dance for Herod — on the condition that she be given anything she asks for. Herod agrees, but it is only after the dance is over that Salome asks for the head of John the Baptist on a platter. Herod is appalled, tries to dissuade her, but finally gives in to her request. The scenes from the play are interwoven with images of Wilde's exploits at the brothel.
The Power Within	American	drama	Unknown	Stan Dryer, an unsuccessful-at-life green-belt in karate teenager, is given an ancient ring by an old karate master whom Stan tried to save from impending doom. Stan soon discovers the magical power of the ring when he defeats not one, but five drunk, low-life idiots who want to steal his red convertible. He even discovers that the ring gives him the power to answer any question you may have about the rise and fall of Communism in Russia. Soon Stan starts taking advantage of his power. One day, at lunch, Stan and his friend notice the top jock at school asking his girlfriend why they broke up. Stan and his friend overhear the conversation and Stan's friend says something along the lines of, ...it'd be nice if someone would shove his jock strap in his face... Stan counters this by saying, I think I can do better than that. Stan then gets up and asks the top jock's girlfriend out. The top jock becomes furious and tries to punch Stan, but Stan grabs his fist in defence. A fight breaks out, and Stan ends up defeating 12 jocks in the process. Soon Stan meets up with an evil man named Vonn, and also meets a monkey that is actually a reincarnated version of the old man. Stan discovers his powers were in him the whole time and defeats Vonn, gets the girl and is happy.
To Be a Lady	British	drama	George King	Diana Whitcombe (Bouchier) works at her aunt's country inn, but dreams of escaping to London and making her way in society. When chance provides her with the necessary funds, she makes her way to the big city and takes up employment in a hairdressing salon where she befriends French fellow assistant Annette (Ena Moon), and moves into the same hostel in which Annette is living. One day Diana spots a kitten in danger on a busy road, and dashes into the traffic to rescue it. Her kind action is witnessed by singer Jerry Dean (Lester), who strikes up a conversation and invites her for lunch the next day at the Ritz Hotel. Diana is worried that has nothing suitable to wear to such a rarefied establishment, but is delighted when Annette produces a beautiful dress which she offers to loan to her. Unknown to Diana however, the dress has been stolen by a maid friend of Annette's from her wealthy employer, and passed to Annette for safe-keeping before it is sold to a dealer. Diana and Jerry meet for their Ritz rendezvous. Unfortunately, also present is the Countess Delavell (Vera Bogetti) lunching with her theatrical friend Dudley Chalfont (Charles Cullum), and it is the Countess' stolen dress which Diana is wearing. At the end of the meeting Jerry, explaining that he has to leave to fulfil engagements in Scotland, proposes to Diana and she accepts. Meanwhile, the Countess' maid, aware that she is already under suspicion, steals some valuable jewellery, alerts Annette and the pair take off for France. The Countess, believing Annette to be implicated in the thefts, visits the salon, identifies Diana as the girl who was wearing her dress, and Diana is arrested for receiving stolen property. She is found guilty and imprisoned for a month. She writes to Jerry at the address he has given her, but receives no acknowledgement. Jerry has in fact been seriously injured in a road accident en route to Scotland and is hospitalised for a lengthy period, but unaware of this, Diana believes he has abandoned her. On her release from prison, she decides to seek stage work and runs into Dudley. Dudley believes in her innocence and that she has been wronged, and offers her accommodation in his flat. He soon falls in love with her and asks her to marry him. Jerry is finally released from hospital and returns to London to look for Diana. Finding her living in another man's flat, he confronts her over her fickleness and in anger at his lack of faith in her, she sends him away. She realises that her feelings are still for Jerry and it would be unfair of her to marry Dudley, so in despair she leaves London and returns to her home village. Aware of what the situation must be, the kind-hearted Dudley travels to the village with Jerry, where he engineers a reconciliation between the two.
Song of the Exile	Hong Kong	drama	Ann Hui	In 1973, 26-year-old Cheung Hueyin is abroad in London studying media. Upon her graduation, she learns that she, unlike her Caucasian roommates, has been rejected the chance for a job interview by the BBC. Receiving a letter from her mother, she returns to Hong Kong to attend her younger sister's wedding. The relationship between Hueyin and mother Aiko, who is Japanese, has been strained since childhood, partly a result of Aiko's nationality and the cultural problems she encountered living in Hong Kong. From many flashbacks, we see it was Hueyin's paternal grandparents who did much of the early child-rearing, however, they would often overstep boundaries, resulting in family dysfunction. Before the end of World War II and before eventually becoming Mrs. Cheung and Hueyin's mother, Aiko spent time living in Manchukuo. There, she and other Japanese faced serious dilemmas after Japan's defeat and the subsequent uncertainties of imprisonment and punishment. The most intense of these dilemmas came with the serious illness of Aiko's infant nephew. His illness was eventually cured by Mr. Cheung after a chance encounter and desperate roadside plea for help by Aiko. Mr. Cheung was an army translator from Guangdong, China with a background in traditional Chinese medicine. Aiko developed a sense of fondness for him upon seeing his actions and character. Aiko's brother concurred, mentioning that kindness toward children usually indicates a man of integrity. After Mr. Cheung escorted Aiko's family to the Japanese repatriation site, he revealed to Aiko a strong desire to be a romantic couple. In 1973, Hueyin reluctantly agrees to accompany Aiko on a visit to her birthplace in Beppu, Japan. Hueyin initially feels very out of place, not being able to speak the language and having no understanding of Japanese culture. Eventually, though, she bonds with an uncle, learns to accept her Japanese heritage, and finally reaches an understanding with her mother. The experience encourages Hueyin to move beyond the BBC's rejection and become a successful television journalist in Hong Kong. Some time later, Aiko encourages Hueyin to visit her paternal grandparents in Guangdong, where Hueyin finds out one of her very youngest relatives has a mental disability. The film ends with Hueyin praying before a dimly lit, incense-choked ancestral altar, contrasting the open-air shrine she visited in Japan and the outdoor political rallies she now reports on.
Fear of a Black Hat	American	drama	Rusty Cundieff	The film is a comedic mockumentary depicting the perspective of a filmmaker as she trails a hardcore gangsta rap group called N.W.H. (Niggaz With Hats), a play on the name of the popular group N.W.A In many ways, Fear of a Black Hat is similar to the satirical film about early 1980s heavy metal This is Spinal Tap. The members of N.W.H. are: The film is told from the point of view of Nina Blackburn (Kasi Lemmons), a sociologist who analyzes hip hop as a form of communication for her degree. She chooses N.W.H. as the subject of her thesis and follows them around for a year. She familiarizes herself with the band members, their beliefs, and their often strange behavior. The members wear outrageous headwear during their performances. This is explained as an act of rebellion, remembering their slave ancestors, who had to work bare-headed in the sun. According to N.W.H., hats are a symbol for resistance and revolution since their hatless ancestors were too tired from working all day in the sun to revolt. This is a typical example of the bizarre logic the group uses to explain the deeper meanings behind their otherwise crude and base music and images. A steady source of comedy is N.W.H.'s use of over-the-top graphic language (e.g. sex, violence and rantings against the police), which detractors see as a cheap means to sell records, but in their eyes is essential to convey a socially relevant message. They offer jaw-dropping explanations why songs such as Booty Juice and Come and Pet the P.U.S.S.Y. are in fact deep and socially significant, and that detractors obviously do not truly understand the real meaning. Throughout the movie, it is difficult to tell if the members of N.W.H. truly believe what they are saying, or are just portraying an image. A lot of time also goes into describing N.W.H.'s feud with another rap group, the Jam Boys. The groups constantly insult and discredit each other, even sometimes resulting in brandishing weapons. At one point, N.W.H. brings to light evidence that the Jam Boys' lead rapper attended a prep school, directly threatening his street credibility. A macabre running gag—inspired by This is Spinal Tap—involves their white managers dying under mysterious circumstances (the group originally insist that they wasn't in town when the shit happened). They explain to Nina that their first few managers were black—in fact, were their relatives—and that they decided switching to white managers would be better for their families and the black community. N.W.H.'s internal matters turn sour when Ice Cold cuts down his involvement because he wants to participate in a film, and Cheryl C. (Rose Jackson), a groupie, hooks up with Tasty-Taste. Although she is clearly more interested in his money than in him, Tasty lets her take over his life. When Tasty finds Cheryl and Ice Cold in bed, N.W.H. is no more. The group breaks up and each member launches a solo career. Ice dedicates himself to house music; Tasty brings out a diss track in which he curses Ice; and Tone Def becomes a hippie (with obvious references to flower rappers, such as P.M. Dawn). None sees much success until they ultimately reunite for a triumphant comeback in which their differences have been set aside, at least for the time being.
Hell Is Sold Out	British	drama	Michael Anderson	A Swedish-born woman, Valerie Martin, posing as the widow of French Resistance novelist Dominic Danges, ensconces herself at his home after the end of the Second World War, and after having written under his name Hell is Sold Out, a best selling novel. She did this after finding that the last book published under his name was a republication of her diary, Boundless Ecstasy, found by his publisher among his writings when he was thought dead; he had been taken prisoner during the war. He returns home. The tangle ensues putting the reputations of all involved at risk because there is interest in the book to be serialized, made into a film, and reshape his reputation in the US as a former ladies man. They argue and in order to return to Sweden she calls on Pierre Bonnet, a fellow prisoner of Domenic. She confesses to Pierre that she and Dominic are unmarried, and does not want Dominic to know of her whereabouts. A love triangle develops when Pierre falls in love with her.[1] [3] Pierre falls ill due to shrapnel in his head, and she is found out when she encounters Dominic in Pierre's room. Dominic lets known that he is not the author of the best seller. Dominic and Pierre have a heart to heart. Pierre misleads Valerie into believing that Dominic has dedicated his latest work to her. They reconcile.
The Immortals	American	drama	Brian Grant	A crafty nightclub owner (Jack) brings together a group of small-time hoods and teams them up in unusual pairs (black man and white racist, Ivy Leaguer and simpleton) for a set of multiple heists which turn out to be an elaborate double cross against a notorious gangster (Dominic). During an extended standoff in a nightclub between Jack and his band of thieves and Dominic's henchman, the hoods discover why Jack brought them all together for what amounts to a suicidal mission.
The Settlement	Australian	drama	Howard Rubie	When two friendly drifters, Jack Kearney (Bill Kerr, Gallipoli) and Tommy Martin (John Jarratt, Wolf Creek) wander into the sleepy country township of Cedar Creek, there is nothing to prepare the innocent locals for the spectacle destined to unfold. Intent to make loose ends meet and fill their empty pockets by swindling money from some of the naive locals, the two fellas settle in an abandoned shack on the outskirts of town. Befriended by former prostitute and social outcast Joycie (Lorna Lesley, Rabbit-Proof Fence), the two open-minded men welcome her into their home and their hearts, setting in motion a town scandal of considerable concern. Establishing a sensational ménage à trois in an otherwise highly conservative environment, the loving threesome face the wrath of the greater community, as others in the town strongly disapprove of their new-age living arrangements and set their sights on a bit of good old fashioned outback home-wrecking.
Snake Eater	American	drama	George Erschbamer	Lamas plays Soldier Jack Kelly, a police officer who served in the Marine Special Forces Snake Eater team in Vietnam. Kelly uses the talents that he learned in the Snake Eaters to hunt down the criminals who killed his parents and kidnapped his sister. The criminals covered their crime, using a bear costume The Bear. This fooled authorities for their various murders and arson. They also attempted to rape women over the course of many days of captivity, but always failed.
My Black Mini Dress	South_Korean	drama	Unknown	Yoo-min (Yoon Eun-hye), Hye-ji (Park Han-byul), Soo-jin (Cha Ye-ryun) and Min-hee (Yoo In-na) were the best of friends in college. While majoring in theater and film at an elite university, they were united by their passion for Seoul's clubbing scene and luxury shopping, but life isn't so easy now that they're in the real world. Clueless about what to do with her life, Yoo-min takes up a job as an assistant to a famous TV scriptwriter in order to buy an expensive black mini dress (or little black dress), but her work turns out to be babysitting her boss's twin boys. Rich girl Min-hee plans to study abroad but she's not going anywhere until she improves her English. Socialite Hye-ji shoots to fame after appearing in a Levi's ad, but her newfound stardom creates a rift with her friends. Aspiring actress Soo-jin is at her wit's end after failing so many auditions, and things only get worse when her father goes bankrupt.[5]
Abosheshe	Bengali	drama	Aditi Roy	After his parents' divorce, Soumyo lives with his father in San Francisco. But he returns to Kolkata after 22 years when his mother, Suchismita, dies. He is the only heir to her property and is responsible for performing a few tasks. He plans to finish his work quickly and return to his life. But he starts learning about the mother he never knew, who has left many personal things for him, including her diary. He starts meeting the people who were close to his mother and discovers his mother’s love and affection towards him from them. The diary helps Soumyo to finally connect with his mother.
The English Patient	American	drama	Anthony Minghella	In the final days of the Italian Campaign of World War II, Hana, a French-Canadian nurse working and living in a bombed-out Italian monastery, looks after a critically burned man who speaks English but cannot remember his name. They are joined by Kip, a Sikh sapper in the British Army who defuses bombs and has a love affair with Hana before leaving for Florence, and David Caravaggio, a Canadian Intelligence Corps operative who was questioned by Germans and has had his thumbs cut off during a German interrogation. Caravaggio questions the patient, who gradually reveals his past. The patient tells Hana and Caravaggio that, in the late 1930s, he was exploring the desert of Libya. He is revealed to be Hungarian cartographer Count László de Almásy, who was mapping the Sahara as part of a Royal Geographical Society archeological and surveying expedition in Egypt and Libya with Englishman Peter Madox and others. Their expedition is joined by a British couple, Geoffrey and Katharine Clifton. Almásy falls in love with Katharine and writes about her in his book which Katharine reads. The two thereafter begin an affair which eventually Katharine ends. Almásy declares that he has found the Cave of Swimmers. An archaeological survey is conducted on it and the surrounding area until they are stopped due to the onset of the war. Madox leaves his Tiger Moth plane at Kufra oasis before his intended return to Britain. While Almásy is packing up their base camp, Geoffrey, in attempted murder-suicide after apparently deducing Almásy and Katharine were in an affair, deliberately crashes the plane, narrowly missing Almásy. Geoffrey is killed instantly and Katharine is seriously injured. Almásy carries her to the Cave of Swimmers, leaving her with provisions, and begins a three-day walk to get help. At British-held El Tag he attempts to explain the situation, but is detained as a possible German spy and transported on a train. He escapes from the train and trades the Geographical Society maps to the Germans for gasoline. He finds Madox's Tiger Moth and flies back to the cave, but Katharine has died. As he flies himself and Katharine's body away, they are shot down by German anti-aircraft guns. Almásy is badly burned and is rescued by the Bedouin. After he has related the story, Almásy indicates to Hana that he wants a lethal dose of morphine; she complies and reads Katharine's final journal entries to him as he dies. She and Caravaggio leave the monastery for Florence.
Bond of Fear	British	drama	Henry Cass	John Sewell and his family are taken hostage by a desperate fugitive called Dewar who is a stowaway in their caravan.
El Akhar (The Other)	Egyptian	drama	Youssef Chahine	Love sparks when Adam, back visiting Cairo from University of California, Los Angeles, meets Haname, native journalist from a smaller town of Egypt in seek of a juicy story to expose the gritty truth about corruption running rampant in the country. A sappy romance between the two youth ensues, and the two quickly get married in the breathtaking deserts of Egypt. Adam's mother, Margaret, very much Americanized and obsessed with Western culture, expresses much displeasure with her son's rash decision to marry a girl such as Haname, when it would be better to marry a wealthy Western woman, believing money is the only thing that binds. Out of an unhealthy attachment with her son, she stalks information on Haname based on what he told her (something she has done before), and finds that her son's newlywed is related to a terrorist in another conflict-ridden part of the Middle East. Hoping to get Adam to divorce Haname, she tells him about her findings but it backfires, costing her his trust. Still, Haname and Adam come to butt heads when he finds out Haname has been trying to find dirt on the corrupted, wealthy Americans that his father has been in connection with in Cairo, and demands that she stop what she's doing. She remains firm in continuing her work, however, threatening their marriage to fall apart. Eventually the two make up, and later Adam goes with Haname to investigate what is happening with her exiled brother (who turns out to be the terrorist). The two get caught up in a terrorist shoot out, and die violently hand in hand.
Where the Heart Is	American	drama	John Boorman	Stewart McBain (Coleman) is a successful self-made demolitions expert who blows up buildings for a living. In the midst of one such project, a group of protesters stops the last building on a lot, the Dutch House, from being demolished. When McBain appears on TV to dismiss the protests, he is made to look foolish. Returning home, his three college-aged children - Daphne (Thurman), Chloe (Amis), and Jimmy (Hewlett) - ridicule him for appearing on camera. Feeling his children are spoiled and soft, McBain kicks them out of the house. Giving them each $750, he drops them off at the Dutch House to live. The house is dilapidated and on the verge of collapse. In order to finance their new lives, the children take on housemates. These include a fashion designer (Glover) named Lionel; a homeless magician, Shitty (Plummer); a stockbroker, Tom (Walsh); and Sheryl, an amateur occultist (Kelley). Chloe is commissioned to finish a calendar for an insurance company. Lionel has to complete his designs for a fashion show. Chloe uses her roommates in the calendar and Lionel ends up using some of them to model for his show. The story is told against the backdrop of a stockmarket crash which brings McBain to ruin. He desperately attempts to stave off a hostile takeover of his demolition company and fails. He loses his home and becomes destitute. Ultimately, his children take him in and he starts to see the world in an entirely different light.
A Countess from Hong Kong	British	drama	Charles Chaplin	Ambassador-designate to Saudi Arabia Ogden Mears (Marlon Brando) sails back to America after touring the world. He meets Natascha, a Russian countess (Sophia Loren), in Hong Kong after she sneaks aboard in evening dress to escape her life at a sailors' dance hall. A refugee, she has no passport and is forced to stay in his cabin during the voyage. Ogden dislikes the situation, being a married man although seeking a divorce, and he worries how it might affect his career if she is found. But he reluctantly agrees to let her stay. They must then figure out how to get her off the ship, and it is arranged that she marry his aged valet Hudson (Patrick Cargill). Although it is only a formality, Hudson wishes to consummate the relationship, a wish she does not share. She avoids him until they dock at port, then jumps off the ship and swims ashore. Ogden's wife (Tippi Hedren) then joins the cruise, having just missed Natasha. Ogden's lawyer friend Harvey (Sydney Earle Chaplin), who helped arrange the marriage, meets Natascha ashore and tells her that the immigration officers have accepted her as Hudson's wife. Ogden's wife then confronts him about Natasha, speaking rather roughly about her and her past lifestyle. He responds by asking if his wife would have done as well under such circumstances. The film ends with Ogden and Natascha meeting in a hotel's cabaret where they begin dancing, since he has left the cruise and his wife behind. Charlie Chaplin makes two brief appearances as an aged ship's steward.
Bang	American	drama	Ash	Bang is a story about an unnamed young woman living in Los Angeles, played by Darling Narita.[1] It explores her transformation from being a victim to being in control, after a series of incidents which cause her to snap.
The Fake	British	drama	George Jacoby	An M.P. pressures his daughter to marry an aristocrat in spite of his drug addiction.
Patti Cake$	American	drama	Geremy Jasper	Patricia Dumbo Dombrowski is an overweight white woman from Bergen County, New Jersey, who seeks fame and fortune as a rapper. She faces several obstacles including discouragement from some people close to her as well as encouragement from others.
The Florida Project	American	drama	Sean Baker	Six-year-old Moonee lives with her young mother Halley in the Magic Castle, a motel in Kissimmee, Florida near Walt Disney World. She spends most of her summer days unsupervised with her motel-resident friends Scooty and Dicky, engaging in mischief, mooching from tourists, stealing, and other misbehavior. After the three children are caught spitting on a guest's car, Dicky's father restricts him from playing with Moonee and Scooty. While cleaning up the guest's car they had spat on, Moonee meets Jancey, a child living at the Futureland motel next door, and invites her to hang out with them. Later on, Dicky's family relocates to New Orleans, which saddens the group. Bobby, the manager of Magic Castle, is protective of the children. Halley, struggling to pay rent, hawks perfume to tourists in hotel parking lots and asks Scooty's mother, Ashley, to steal food for them from the diner where she works. However, Ashley cuts contact after discovering Moonee, Scooty, and Jancey set an abandoned condominium on fire. Halley begins offering her services online as a prostitute, closing Moonee in the bathroom when she has a client. Bobby notices the activity and applies restrictions on unregistered guests in her motel room. When she steals a client's Disney resort passes to sell them, the man returns to demand them back; Bobby sees him off but warns Halley that he will evict her if the prostitution continues. Desperate, Halley approaches Ashley to apologize and ask for money. When Ashley mocks her for her prostitution, Halley beats her in front of Scooty. The next day, Florida Department of Children and Families (DCF) arrive to investigate Halley. She cleans up the room and gives away her cannabis, but remains defiant. She takes Moonee to a resort hotel restaurant, where they charge the meal to a guest's room. When they return to the motel, DCF and the police are waiting to take Moonee into foster care pending investigation. Moonee runs away to find Jancey, and together they run away to the Magic Kingdom Park at Walt Disney World.
100 Streets	American	drama	Jim O'Hanlon	The film centers on three characters who have to meet in London for special reasons and under unlikely circumstances.
09-Nov	American	drama	Unknown	On the morning of September 11, 2001, a messenger sings Happy Birthday to You to his daughter, a billionaire argues with his wife in a divorce hearing, a maintenance man begins his day, and a young Russian decides she's breaking up with her sugar daddy. When the first plane hits the World Trade Center, these five elevator passengers find themselves trapped. Forced to band together, they fight against all odds to escape before the imminent and inevitable collapse occurs. Based on Patrick James Carson's award-winning play Elevator, which premiered in October 2011 at the Red Barn Theater of Tucson, Arizona.
Megher Onek Rong	Bangladeshi	drama	Harunur Rashid	This film portraits rape scenes during the liberation and committing suicide of the victims. Is also shows the adopting of war children to their new mother after the death of his?her mother committed suicide.
Smoke	American	drama	Wayne Wang, Paul Auster	The film follows the lives of multiple characters, all of whom are connected via their patronage of a small Brooklyn tobacconist store managed by Auggie (Harvey Keitel). Brooklyn Cigar Co. was located on the corner of 16th Street and Prospect Park West.
Mistress Pamela	British	drama	Jim O'Connolly	In the eighteenth century, Pamela, a servant girl in the household of Lord Devenish, must fight off the advances of her young master - a gentleman determined to have Pamela as his mistress.
The Bells	British	drama	Oscar Werndorff, Harcourt Templeman	Mathias (Calthrop), an Alsatian innkeeper, murders a rich Pole staying at his inn. However, Mathias' conscience will not let him rest, and the murdered man's spirit drives the innkeeper nearly mad. The victim's brother calls for an inquest and brings with him a sideshow hypnotist, who is supposedly able to read minds. Mathias, as burgomaster, is called upon to conduct the inquest, but under the intuitive eye of the hypnotist cannot resist torment of his own conscience.
Beach Rats	American	drama	Eliza Hittman	Frankie (Harris Dickinson) struggles to escape his Brooklyn home life. He balances his time with a new girlfriend (Madeline Weinstein), his friends, and chatting with older men on the Internet, whom he meets up with for sex and drugs. He does not, however, identify as bisexual or gay to his girlfriend or male friends. He just has sex with men, in the words of one of his Internet partners. Frankie attempts to compartmentalize his life by having sex with older men, to avoid them happening to know his friends. This becomes increasingly difficult, however, as he moves about the area and he happens to run into them, or lures them to meetings for drugs.
The Force	American	drama	Mark Rosman	Cal Warner (Jason Gedrick) is a rookie police officer who has frightening nightmares after his friend and fellow police officer, Des Flynn (Gary Hudson), is killed under suspicious circumstances: the soul of Des enters into the body of Cal in order to seek revenge for his murder. Cal is unaware of what is happening and seeks the help of a psychiatrist when he starts exhibiting unusual behavior. These nightmares lead Cal to uncover evidence of corruption and murder within the police department. Kim Delaney portrays Sarah Flynn, the wife of the dead officer, Des.
...Maybe This Time	Australian	drama	Chris McGill	Fran, the assistant to university professor Paddy, is about to turn 30. She is having an affair with a married minister's aide, Stephen. She returns home to the country town she grew up in and has a fling with an old flame, Alan. She also begins sleeping with Paddy.
Metropolitan	American	drama	Whit Stillman	Shot on location in Manhattan and Long Island, the film depicts the lives of young, well-educated upper-class New Yorkers (or, as one character calls them, the urban haute bourgeoisie) home on winter break from their first year of college during debutante ball season. Middle-class Princeton student Tom Townsend, an admirer of Charles Fourier's socialism, attends a dress ball one evening on a whim. After the ball, a mix-up leads to his meeting a small group of young Upper East Side socialites known as the Sally Fowler Rat Pack, after the girl whose apartment they use for after-hours parties. Believing that they accidentally stole a taxi from Tom, they decide to invite him to their after-hours party, to prevent ill feelings. Tom decides to attend the party, and befriends several other attendees, including Nick Smith, a cynical dandy[3] who takes Tom under his wing; Audrey, a shy[4] girl who enjoys Regency era literature and has a crush on Tom; and Charlie, an overly philosophical nerd[3] with an unrequited love for Audrey. Tom learns that he and the Rat Pack have some common friends, including his ex-girlfriend Serena Slocumb, with whom he remains infatuated. Under Nick's tutelage, Tom ingratiates himself to the Rat Pack and soon becomes a full-fledged member. Much of the film is composed of dialogues in which Tom and the Rat Pack discuss the nebulous social scene they occupy, including how they are coming of age just as the yuppie culture in which they were raised is ending, leaving them with uncertain social futures. During these discussions, Tom reveals that he, too, was raised wealthy, but that his father abandoned the family to marry another woman, leaving Tom and his mother with limited financial resources. As a result, Tom harbors a love-hate relationship with wealth and the upper class. Serena has been dating Rick Von Sloneker, a young, titled aristocrat notorious for his womanizing. At a party after the International Debutante Ball, Nick alienates himself from the group by accusing Rick of getting a girl drunk and convincing her to pull a train several years before, after which she committed suicide. Other members of the Rat Pack point out holes in Nick's story. Nick later admits that the story was not literally true but a composite of incidents from Rick's life. Shortly thereafter, Nick leaves Manhattan, giving Tom his top hat as a token of friendship. Believing that Tom is not interested in her romantically, Audrey decides to leave Manhattan to spend the rest of vacation in the Hamptons with Rick and another girl from the Rat Pack. Realizing that he's developed feelings for Audrey, Tom recruits Charlie to help him rescue her from Rick. The two travel to the Hamptons together, bonding en route. Against their expectations, they arrive to find Audrey in no peril. Tom and Charlie nonetheless instigate a fight with Rick, which ends with them being kicked out of his beach house. Afterward, Tom and Audrey talk on the beach, with Audrey saying that she is planning to attend college in France, and Tom contemplating going to visit her there. The film ends with Tom, Audrey, and Charlie hitchhiking together towards Manhattan.
Texasville	American	drama	Peter Bogdanovich	In 1984, 33 years after the events depicted in The Last Picture Show, 50-year-old Duane Jackson (Bridges) is a wealthy tycoon of a near-bankrupt oil company. His relationship with his family is not prospering, either. His wife, Karla (Annie Potts), believes that Duane is cheating on her, and his son, Dickie (William McNamara), seems to be following in his father's libidinous footsteps. Ruth Popper (Cloris Leachman) works as Duane's secretary, and despondent Lester Marlow (Quaid), now a businessman, seems a prime candidate for a business crisis, a heart attack, or both. Sonny Crawford's (Bottoms) increasingly erratic behavior causes Duane concern over Sonny's mental health. Jacy Farrow (Shepherd) has traveled the world and experienced its pleasures. A painful tragedy brings her back to her hometown and once again into Duane's life.
The Homecoming	British	drama	Peter Hall	Teddy brings his wife home to meet his estranged family.[3]
Circle of Friends	British	drama	Pat O'Connor	Set in 1950s Ireland, the film focuses on the experiences of Bernadette Benny Hogan and her two friends: Eve Malone and Nan Mahon. They are characterised early on in childhood, during their First Communion: Benny is the beloved and well-fed only child, Eve the orphan raised by nuns and Nan is destined to be defined by her beauty. The three girls grow up in the small town of Knockglen. Skip to eight years later: Nan has moved on to Dublin years earlier, and Benny and Eve have graduated from the local convent school and are heading to Dublin to attend university. Eve's education is financed by the local wealthy Westward Protestant family. The family has also willed to her a cottage on their property. Eve boards at a convent in Dublin, while Benny must commute daily between home and Dublin, her parents being loath to let her go. They would prefer she marry the loathsome and creepy Sean Walsh, her father's faithful employee at his tailor shop. Once in Dublin the two girls reconnect with a mature and sophisticated Nan who is quite aware of her bewitching effect on the opposite sex. Benny eventually falls in love with Jack Foley, a handsome rugby player and doctor's son, studying medicine and expected to follow in his father's footsteps, though he is not quite convinced that this is the career for him. After the College Ball, Benny and Jack begin a relationship, Eve starts to date Aidan, a friend of Jack's, and Nan becomes involved with the much older Simon Westward, who the group ran into as they entered the dance and whom Nan accidentally arranged to run into at a lunch. While Benny is able to resist a physical relationship with Jack, Nan is not and believes that Simon truly loves her. When Benny's father dies suddenly, she is forced to suspend her university studies to take care of her mother who is devastated by her husband's passing, and to run the family shop. Sean Walsh attempts to woo her into marriage. Benny notices the accounts of the prosperous Hogan business are missing significant funds, creating a mystery over double entry bookkeeping. She suspects Sean has something to do with it but has no proof. Eve's cottage, in an isolated sector of the Westward estate, serves as a party location for the three young women and their friends. Nan and Simon visit it secretly for their trysts. Sean, who has been spying on the cottage since the first party to watch Benny, witnesses Nan and Simon's sexual relationship, having hinted at it to Eve during Benny's father's funeral. Nan becomes pregnant and reveals the news to Simon, sure he will marry her. Instead, Simon ends their relationship, stating he must marry for money, not love, to maintain the family fortune. He attempts to pay her off with a large cheque to get an abortion in England. A desperate Nan goes out to find Eve's boyfriend Aidan, but runs into a depressed and drunk Jack, who has not seen Benny since her father's funeral. She convinces him to take her as his date to a rugby team party and lures him into having sex with her. She later pretends that he is the one who got her pregnant. Jack does what he believes is the honourable thing and asks Nan to marry him. He tells Benny about the baby and the engagement and she is devastated. Eve grows suspicious of someone using the cottage after finding a half-burned newspaper in the fireplace. The nuns from her old convent told her they had seen lights on at the cottage and smoke coming from the chimney. Nan suggests that perhaps the cottage is haunted to cover up her and Simon's secret meetings there. Eve throws another party which a still devastated Benny attends alone. Nan, oblivious to the pain she's caused by her deception, convinces Jack they should attend the party, though he feels uneasy about going to Eve's. As he speaks to a sad Benny, Nan seeks out Eve, bringing her flowers and a present of a vase, acting as if nothing has changed and she and Eve are still the best of friends. An enraged Eve, having figured out the truth of what Nan has done and that Simon, not Jack, is the father of Nan's baby, confronts her, threatening to tell Jack the truth and screaming at Nan that she had broken Benny's heart. Eve, enraged at Nan for not realising how much damage and hurt she has caused her friends, comes towards her waving a knife she was using to cut bread. As Nan backs away, she falls into a glass door which shatters, cutting her in the arm and severing an artery causing her to bleed profusely. Jack comes to Nan's aid, tending to the bleeding that Eve has been trying to stop. Benny, seeing Eve and Jack attending to Nan, leaves the party. Jack tries to contact Benny but she refuses to answer the phone. Though he has learned the truth of Nan's deception, Jack escorts Nan to the train station despite her protests that it has nothing to do with him now. She asks that he and Benny forgive her for her desperate actions. Nan heads to England to have her baby (or to have an illegal abortion). Curiosity over the missing money from the family store finally gets the best of Benny, and she snoops around Sean's living area above the tailor shop. She finds several pornographic pictures of larger women during her search. Sean finds Benny in his room and attempts to sexually assault her. She fights him off, and in the process finds the money that he has embezzled from her family for the duration of his employment. She demands that he leave or she will call the Garda (police). He tells her that he would have married her but now he wouldn't touch her. As he leaves, she throws his clothes at him, hitting him in the face with his coat. After Jack sees Nan off, he goes to visit Benny to try to win her back. He explains to Benny that helping stop Nan's bleeding made his hesitations over becoming a doctor disappear and he knows it is what he wants to do for the rest of his life. Jack also tells Benny that he loves her and if she'll have him back, he wants to marry her and that she is the one. He never loved Nan. Benny, unwilling to let him off so easily, tells him his actions have changed both her and their relationship, and it will take quite a bit of time for him to gain her trust again. She tells him they will have to get to know each other as they are now and they will just have to see where it takes them. Benny's voiceover states that Jack threw himself into his medical studies, as well as his pursuit of Benny. He demonstrates his patience and humility, devoting himself to his studies as well as Benny. Benny states that she moved to Dublin at the start of the new school year to share a flat with Eve. A paper Benny writes causes a stir at the university and sets her on course to her future career as a writer. With time, Benny falls in love with Jack again. The final scene shows Benny taking Jack to Eve's cottage. As he follows her inside, Benny says Bless me father, I have sinned implying the pair have finally consummated their relationship.
Mr. Emmanuel	British	drama	Harold French	Set in 1938, Isaac Emmanuel has retired from a Jewish welfare agency in Doomington, England, and is looking for something to do with his time. A letter arrives asking him to come to the aid of a friend who is caring for three German boys who are refugees from Nazi Germany. One of the three, a Jewish boy named Bruno Rosenheim, is very despondent over the recent death of his father and the disappearance of his mother. He waits to get a letter from her, but the letter never arrives. Mr. Emmanuel, a British citizen who himself is a former refugee from Russia, sympathises with the young man. After the lad attempts to take his life, Mr. Emmanuel promises to travel to Germany to find out what he can about Bruno's mother. Once he arrives in Berlin, Emmanuel takes lodging at a boarding-house. He inquires of those around him, not realising how unusual and potentially dangerous it is to do so. Everyone he meets is too scared to give him information. The police and even refugee organisations are also unhelpful. Late one night the Gestapo arrive and take Mr. Emmanuel from his bed to a prison for questioning. The initial line of questioning is of being a spy and communist sympathiser. Mr. Emmanuel believes that his British citizenship will provide some measure of protection, but the police then accuse him of complicity in the assassination of a high-ranking party official, and the criminal charge places Mr. Emmanuel beyond the help of the British embassy. While incarcerated, Mr Emmanuel watches as fellow prisoners are tortured and led off to execution. Elsie Silver, a half-Jewish nightclub singer and the toast of Berlin society, recognises Emmanuel from England, where she grew up. She tries to intervene, but gets nowhere. She convinces her social-climbing Nazi protector to assist, and Emmanuel is released, with twelve hours to leave Germany. Instead of leaving the country, he continues to search for Bruno's mother. He eventually finds her, but she is now married to a prominent Nazi and denies that she is Jewish or that she has a son. Sadly, Mr Emmanuel returns to Britain and tells Bruno that his mother is dead.
Bornova Bornova	Turkish	drama	İnan Temelkuran	One day in the lives of three young men from the same neighborhood in İzmir’s Bornova district. Hakan (Öner Erkan) is a young man who spends his entire day in front of the neighborhood’s grocery shop with Salih (Kadir Çermik), thinking, “If we were just given the chance…” Salih, the neighborhood’s psychopathic rogue, is like an older brother to Hakan, who has just returned home after completing his mandatory military service. Hakan does not have a job, but he plans to become a taxi driver to be able to realize all he wants in this life: to earn just enough money to be able to decently look after a small family and to marry the girl he secretly adores. Salih is the only person who listens to Hakan and gives him advice. Although Salih has grown up in a respectable, educated family, he’s involved in every kind of illegal business in the neighborhood. Everybody in the neighborhood is scared of him, including high school student Özlem (Damla Sönmez). Hakan is crazy about Özlem, but he never had the courage to talk to her in person. In the meantime, Murat (Erkan Bektaş), Salih’s childhood friend and a doctoral student in philosophy, makes a living through writing erotic fantasies. He tells Hakan about an erotic fantasy that he wrote based on an event involving Salih and Özlem. Disappointed and confused, Hakan heads toward Özlem’s house to learn about the whole thing.
Honeymoon	British	drama	Michael Powell	Ballet dancer Anna Cato (Ludmilla Tchérina) has just given up the ballet to marry Australian farmer Kit Kelly (Anthony Steel). They are touring Spain in their open top Bentley for their honeymoon before going to live on the sheep station that Kit runs in Australia. An American car races past them at high speed but it soon has to stop to change a burst tyre. The car is driven by the famous Spanish dancer Antonio and his wife Rosita Candelas (Rosita Sergova). They are a fiery couple, always arguing and when Antonio goes down to a stream to wash up after changing the tyre, Rosita drives away without him. Antonio, stranded in the middle of nowhere, starts dancing down the road in his well-known Zapateado. Kit and Anna drive by and offer Antonio a lift. They drive in to the Tavern del Toro, where Antonio is known, and start to eat a wonderful breakfast. Antonio thinks he has seen Anna before but she says that this is her first trip to Spain. One old lady pushes forward her daughter who she wants to dance for Antonio. Lucia (Carmen Rojas) dances the El Macarona flamenco but then Antonio asks the musicians to play El Taranto to really see what she can do. Rosita turns up at the end of the flamenco and another argument ensues, so Kit and Anna slip away. After a delightful meal they retire to their room where Anna does her best to distract Kit from his book on Fertility and Animal Breeding. Next day, after a bit more travelling around, Kit and Anna enter a bar – only to find Antonio is already there. They are introduced to the cocktail set and discover who Antonio is. Anna goes to Antonio's studio where they are rehearsing his new dance, Los amantes de Teruel (The Lovers of Teruel), as a classical ballet but with a Spanish style. When Anna makes some suggestions to help the pas de deux Antonio realises she is a dancer and at last discovers who she really is. As Anna dances with Antonio neither are aware that Kit has come to the studio and is watching, not very pleased that his wife is dancing again. Kit and Anna travel south to see the painting The Burial of the Count of Orgaz by El Greco. Kit declares that that is how Antonio's ballet should be staged. They then visit the Mosque at Córdoba and other places. Early the next morning Kit goes off to help a breeder of bulls with his round-up and Anna is taken to the Alhambra at Granada by Antonio. They dance around the palace in a light hearted flirtation and Anna declares that she really has given up the ballet and is willing to settle down with Kit. Antonio isn't so sure. When they go to join Kit there is a mild confrontation between Kit and Antonio. The film is building up to the two men representing Don Diego and Don Pedro, competing for the attentions of Doña Isabel in the story of Les amantes de Teruel which will be the finalé of the film. Kit and Anna go to see a performance of El Amor Brujo (Bewitched Love). The story is that of a girl whose lover had died but who now haunts her and prevents her from getting on with her life and her new lover. The lead roles are danced by Antonio and Rosita, with a cameo from Léonide Massine as the ghost – Massine was over sixty years old at the time – and Lucia as the girl's friend who tries to lure the ghost away. The restored version contains the full ballet, a mixture of classical ballet and flamenco style. The next night, in Teruel, the guide (the voice of Michael Powell) explains the legend of the lovers of Teruel to Kit and Anna as they stand on the terrace looking at the statues. But Anna falls ill and develops a fever. In her fevered imagination she hallucinates the story of the Lovers of Teruel as a great ballet, with herself dancing the part of Doña Isabel and Antonio as Don Diego, her lover. Again a mix of classical ballet and Spanish style, with Antonio in Moorish make-up. The restoration contains the full ballet to the music of Manuel de Falla. The final funeral has the echoes of the El Greco painting the couple saw earlier. The next morning Antonio comes to visit Anna, now in hospital with Kit by her side. We learn that Anna and Kit will be off to Australia in a few days and Kit thinks that at last they have seen the last of Antonio. But no, he tells them he is starting a world tour!
Call of the Sea	British	drama	Leslie S. Hiscott	Lt. Cmdr. Good (Edwards) is a naval officer who goes on an extensive search for his long-lost friend who mysteriously disappeared on a tropical island
White Cradle Inn	British	drama	Harold French	The stately White Cradle Inn lies in a picturesque valley in the Swiss Alps. For generations it has been the property of the family of innkeeper Magda (Madeleine Carroll), who now lives there with her philandering husband Rudolph (Michael Rennie). It is WWII, and an orphan named Roger (Michael McKeag) is billeted with the couple, as are many French children evacuated to families in the valley. When the time comes for the children to return to France, Magda is keen to adopt Roger, but Rudolph has taken a dislike to him, calling him a coward. Rudolph only finally agrees to sign the adoption papers if Magda will make over ownership of the Inn to him. She agrees to do this, but when the boy, anxious to prove he is no coward, urges Rudolph to take him on a climbing trip to the mountains, it is a journey that will have fatal consequences.
Crimes and Misdemeanors	American	drama	Woody Allen	The story follows two main characters: Judah Rosenthal (Martin Landau), a successful ophthalmologist, and Clifford Stern (Woody Allen), a small-time documentary filmmaker. Judah, a respectable family man, is having an affair with flight attendant Dolores Paley (Anjelica Huston). After it becomes clear to her that Judah will not end his marriage, Dolores threatens to disclose the affair to Judah's wife, Miriam (Claire Bloom). She is also aware of some questionable financial deals Judah has made, which adds to his stress. He confides in a patient, Ben (Sam Waterston), a rabbi who is rapidly losing his eyesight. Ben advises openness and honesty between Judah and his wife, but Judah does not wish to imperil his marriage. Desperate, Judah turns to his brother, Jack (Jerry Orbach), a gangster, who hires a hitman to kill Dolores. Before her corpse is discovered, Judah retrieves letters and other items from her apartment in order to cover his tracks. Stricken with guilt, Judah turns to the religious teachings he had rejected, believing for the first time that a just God is watching him and passing judgment. Cliff, meanwhile, has been hired by his pompous brother-in-law, Lester (Alan Alda), a successful television producer, to make a documentary celebrating Lester's life and work. Cliff grows to despise him. While filming and mocking the subject, Cliff falls in love with Lester's associate producer, Halley Reed (Mia Farrow). Despondent over his failing marriage to Lester's sister Wendy (Joanna Gleason), he woos Halley, showing her footage from his ongoing documentary about Prof. Louis Levy (psychologist Martin S. Bergmann[3]), a renowned philosopher. He makes sure Halley is aware that he is shooting Lester's documentary merely for the money so he can finish his more meaningful project with Levy. Cliff's dislike for Lester becomes evident during the first screening of the film. It juxtaposes footage of Lester with clownish poses of Benito Mussolini addressing a throng of supporters from a balcony. It also shows Lester yelling at his employees and clumsily making a pass at an attractive young actress. Lester fires him. Cliff learns that Professor Levy, whom he had been profiling on the strength of his celebration of life, has committed suicide, leaving a curt note, I've gone out the window. When Halley visits to comfort him, he makes a pass at her, which she gently rebuffs, telling him she isn't ready for another romance. Adding to Cliff's burdens, Halley leaves for London, where Lester is offering her a producing job; when she returns several months later, Cliff is astounded to discover that she and Lester are engaged. Hearing that Lester sent Halley white roses round the clock, for days while they were in London, Cliff is crestfallen as he realizes he is incapable of that kind of ostentatious display. His last romantic gesture to Halley had been a love letter which he had mostly plagiarized from James Joyce. In the final scene, Judah and Cliff meet by happenstance at the wedding of the daughter of rabbi Ben, who is Cliff's brother-in-law and Judah's patient. Judah has worked through his guilt and is enjoying life once more; the murder had been blamed on a drifter with a criminal record. He draws Cliff into a supposedly hypothetical discussion that draws upon his moral quandary. Judah says that with time, any crisis will pass; but Cliff morosely claims instead that one is forever fated to bear one's burdens for crimes and misdemeanors. Judah cheerfully leaves the wedding party with his wife, and Cliff is left sitting alone, dejected. Ben the rabbi, who is now blind, shares a dance with his daughter while the voice of Prof. Levy is heard, saying that the universe is a dark and indifferent place which human beings fill with love, in the hope that it will give the void a meaning.
The Crying Game	British	drama	Neil Jordan	At a fairground in rural Northern Ireland, Provisional IRA volunteer Fergus (Stephen Rea) and a unit of other IRA members, including a woman named Jude (Miranda Richardson) and led by Maguire (Adrian Dunbar), kidnap Jody (Forest Whitaker), a black British soldier, after Jude lures him to a secluded area with the promise of sex. The IRA demands the release of imprisoned IRA members, threatening to execute Jody in three days if their demands are not met. Fergus is tasked with guarding Jody, and develops a bond with the prisoner, much to the chagrin of the other IRA men. During this time, Jody tells Fergus the story of the Scorpion and the Frog. Jody persuades Fergus to promise to seek out his girlfriend Dil (Jaye Davidson) in London should Jody be killed. The deadline set by Jody's captors passes, and with none of the IRA's demands being met, Jody is to be executed. When Fergus takes him into the woods to carry out the sentence, Jody makes a break for it. Fergus cannot bring himself to shoot the fleeing Jody in the back, but Jody is accidentally run over and killed by a British armoured personnel carrier as they move in to assault the IRA safe-house. With his IRA companions seemingly dead after the attack, Fergus flees to London, where he takes a job as a day labourer, using the alias Jimmy. A few months later, Fergus finds Dil at a hair salon. Later they talk in a bar, where he sees her singing The Crying Game. Fergus suffers from guilt about Jody's death, and sees him in his dreams bowling a cricket ball to him. He pursues Dil, protecting her from an obsessive suitor and falling in love with her. Later, when he is about to make love to her in her apartment, he discovers that she is transgender. His initial reaction is of revulsion. Rushing to the bathroom to vomit, he accidentally hits Dil in the face. A few days later he leaves her a note, and the two make up. Despite everything, Fergus is still attracted to Dil. Around the same time, Jude unexpectedly reappears in Fergus' apartment. She tells him that the IRA tried and convicted him in absentia, and she forces him to agree to help with a new mission to aid in assassinating a judge. She also mentions that she knows about Fergus and Dil, warning him that the IRA will kill her if Fergus does not co-operate. Fergus, unable to overcome his feelings for Dil, continues to woo her. To shield her from possible retribution, he gives her a haircut and menswear as a disguise. The night before the IRA mission is to be carried out, Dil gets heavily drunk and Fergus escorts her to her apartment, where she asks him to stay with her. Fergus complies, then admits he had an indirect hand in Jody's death. Dil, drunk, appears not to understand, but in the morning, before Fergus wakes up, Dil ties him to the bed. She unwittingly prevents Fergus from joining the other IRA members and completing the planned assassination. Holding Fergus at gunpoint, Dil forces him to tell her that he loves her and will never leave her. She unties him, saying that, even if he is lying, it is nice to hear his words. Dil then breaks down in tears. Meanwhile, Jude and Maguire gun the judge down, but Maguire is shot dead by one of the bodyguards. A vengeful Jude enters Dil's flat with a gun, seeking to kill Fergus for missing the assassination. Dil takes several shots at Jude, hitting her, whilst stating that she is aware that Jude was complicit in Jody's death and that Jude used her sexuality to trick him. Dil finally kills Jude with a shot in the neck. She then points the gun at Fergus but lowers her hand, saying that she cannot kill him, because Jody will not allow her to. Fergus prevents Dil from shooting herself and tells her to hide out in the club for a while. When she is gone, he wipes her fingerprints off the gun (replacing them with his own), and allows himself to be arrested in her place. A few months later, Dil visits Fergus in prison where he is serving six years. After discussing his post-release plans, she asks why he took the fall for her, and he responds, As a man once said, it's in my nature. He then tells her the story of the Scorpion and the Frog.
The Crossing	Australian	drama	George Ogilvie	The film is set in a small country town in the 1960s. Sam returns home from being away for 18 months to discover his former girlfriend, Meg, has moved on with their common friend, Johnny.
The Last Post	British	drama	Dinah Shurey	Identical twin brothers Martin and David have grown up both loving the same girl, Christine. Christine in turn loves Martin, the more stable and easy-going of the two where David is more impulsive and volatile in temperament. The brothers both go off to serve in World War I, where David is badly wounded and sent home to England to recuperate. Despite her love for Martin, Christine agrees to marry David who she feels needs her more. After the war, David becomes increasingly restless and disillusioned with the society he sees around him. He becomes involved with anti-establishment elements and joins a Bolshevik group. During the General Strike of 1926 the group hatch a plot to steal ammunition, which goes badly wrong when a soldier is killed during the botched operation. However it is Martin who is arrested, charged and sentenced to death for the crime, accepting his fate out of loyalty to his brother and the wish for the unknowing Christine not to have to face the fact that her husband is a killer. But at the last moment, David is unable to watch his brother die for his crime and confesses his guilt.
Christmas Every Day	American	drama	Larry Peerce	The film is set in the fictional town of Greenwood Falls, Virginia (just outside Washington, D.C.) and stars Erik von Detten as Billy Jackson, a selfish teenager forced to relive the same Christmas every day.[2][4] Billy's sister (Yvonne Zima) wishes that it was Christmas every day, and thereafter he has to keep repeating Christmas Day until he realizes the true meaning of the holiday season.[5][6] The movie also stars Robert Hays and Bess Armstrong as Billy's parents.[2][6][7] Billy finds the entire experience to be a nightmare. My life is on rewind, he moans. Each December 25, he must face the school bully (Tyler Mason Buckalew); he must also get involved in his grocer father's dispute with his fat-cat uncle (Robert Curtis Brown) who wants to build a mega-store and ruin the local merchants. Billy's Christmas pageant prank goes horribly awry, and a destitute old lady needs a bag of food, but he forgets to bring it to her.[6]
Purple Butterfly	Chinese	drama	Lou Ye	Cynthia (Zhang Ziyi) and a Japanese student, Itami (Tôru Nakamura), have fallen in love in Japanese controlled Manchukuo prior to the war when Itami is forced to return to Japan. Years later, in Shanghai, Szeto (Liu Ye) and Tang Yiling (Li Bingbing) have fallen in love. Cynthia has also returned to Shanghai now as a member of Purple Butterfly, a powerful resistance group against the Japanese occupation, led by Xie Ming (Feng Yuanzheng). After a case of mistaken identity and a shootout at a railroad station that leaves Yiling dead, Szeto finds himself an unexpected pawn in the battle between former lovers Cynthia and Itami who has also come to Shanghai, now as a member of the Japanese secret police unit tasked with dismantling Purple Butterfly.
Bhumika	Bollywood	drama	Shyam Benegal	Bhumika tells the life story of an actress, Usha (Smita Patil), who is the granddaughter of a famous female singer of the old tradition from the Devadasi community of Goa. Usha's mother (Sulabha Deshpande) is married to an abusive and alcoholic Brahmin. Following his early death, and over her mother's objections, Usha is taken to Bombay by family hanger-on Keshav Dalvi (Amol Palekar) to audition successfully as a singer in a Bombay studio: the first step in a process, watched approvingly by Usha's doting grandmother and with horror by her mother, that will eventually carry her to on-camera adolescent stardom, and to an ill-starred love marriage with Keshav. Usha's motives for stubbornly pursuing this relationship (culminating in a pre-marital pregnancy) with the unattractive and much older Keshav — who appears to have lusted after her since childhood — are not spelled out. Presumably, she feels indebted to him for his loyalty to her family (of which he frequently reminds her) and for her own worldly success; she is also a headstrong girl who clearly enjoys her acting career and is bent on challenging her uptight mother (who opposes the match because Keshav does not belong to their caste, just as she opposes cinema itself because of its presumed disreputability). Once the two are wed, Usha is shocked to find Keshav continuing to act as her business manager, (After effects) arranging starring roles for her opposite, heartthrob Rajan (Anant Nag), who is himself in (unrequited) love with her. Since Keshav's other business ventures are unsuccessful, the family remains entirely dependent on Usha's earnings – a fact that Keshav clearly resents. He thus becomes both a jealous husband with a fragile ego and nasty temper, as well as (in effect) a greedy pimp who compels his wife to take risqué work despite her dislike of her co-star and her protests that she only wants to be a housewife now that their daughter has been born. Not surprisingly, the relationship becomes increasingly poisoned, particularly by Keshav's suspicion (fed by star-magazine gossip) that she is having an affair with Rajan. Verbally and physically abused by her husband and periodically obliged to live in a hotel, separated from her daughter and mother, the desperately unhappy actress eventually does instigate two unsatisfying liaisons: with the nihilistic and self-centered director Sunil Verma (Naseeruddin Shah), with whom she plots a double-suicide (which he foils), and then with the wealthy businessman Vinayak Kale (Amrish Puri), who keeps her as a pampered mistress on his palatial estate. Here Usha briefly finds a kind of respectability as a de facto second wife, earning a measure of love and admiration from Kale's mother, son, and bedridden first wife — but (as she learns one day when she tries to take the boy to a nearby fair) at the cost of even the most rudimentary freedom. Unable to abide by Kale's hypocritical domestic rules, she finds her only hope of escape in the intervention of the hated Keshav, who promptly brings her back to a Bombay festooned with billboards of her own face, and to the same drab hotel and lonely prospects. As Kale's bitter wife remarks to Usha as the latter prepares to leave, The beds change, the kitchens change. Men's masks change, but men don't change. The movie does not clarify the reason why Usha likes, and then dislikes Rajan. The climax of the movie is gloomy, and the viewers are left on their own to seek its message. [1]
Wonderwall	British	drama	Joe Massot	The reclusive, eccentric scientist Oscar Collins (Jack MacGowran) has two next-door neighbours: a pop photographer (Iain Quarrier) and his girlfriend/model Penny Lane (Jane Birkin). Discovering a beam of light streaming through a hole in the wall between them, Collins follows the light and spots Penny modelling for a photo shoot. Intrigued, he begins to make more holes as days go by and they do more photo sessions. Oscar gradually becomes infatuated with the girl, and feels a part of the couple's lives, even forsaking work to observe them. When they quarrel and the couple splits, Penny takes an overdose of pills and passes out, but Oscar comes to her rescue.
Life In Park Street	Bengali	drama	Raj Mukherjee	Park Street is a cosmopolitan place in Kolkata and the film focuses different aspects of life of this locality. Different characters like drug addict young girl, gay raping boys, pimps, housewife having affair with others etc.[1]
The Wonder Kid	British	drama	Karl Hartl	Sebastian Giro is a ten-year-old French boy and child musical prodigy found in an orphanage by Mr Gorik (Elwyn Brook-Jones) who exploits the youngster’s talent as a classical pianist and turns him into an international celebrity. He even tells everyone that the boy is only seven years old to make the boy wonder’s talent seem all the more remarkable. But Gorik is also a crook who embezzles the takings so that he has almost all the money and Sebastian gets hardly any. Coupled with that, Gorik won’t allow Sebastian to enjoy the simple pleasures of being a little boy, like playing with other boys or even reading comic books, because, when Sebastian isn’t performing, Gorik isn’t making any money out of him. He works the over tired boy like a slave who must continually practice on the piano. Sebastian’s elderly English governess, Miss Frisbie (Muriel Aked) is very concerned about the boy and confronts Gorik about his crooked activities. But he dismisses her from her post. Miss Frisbie then pays a gang of crooks to kidnap Sebastian and take him to stay in a remote lodge in the Austrian Tyrol, where the boy has never been so free and happy and Gorik won’t get him back until he’s paid over a huge ransom which is, in effect, all the money he has stolen from the boy.[2]
Indecent Proposal	American	drama	Adrian Lyne	High school sweethearts David (Woody Harrelson) and Diana Murphy (Demi Moore) are a married couple who travel to Las Vegas, hoping they can win enough money to finance David's fantasy real estate project. They place their money on red in roulette and lose. After gambling away all of their savings, they encounter billionaire John Gage (Robert Redford). Gage is attracted to Diana and offers them one million dollars to spend a night with her. After a difficult night, David and Diana decide to accept the offer, and a contract is signed the next day. Gage flies Diana to a private yacht where he offers her a chance to void the deal and return to her husband if he loses a toss of his lucky coin. Gage calls it correctly, and she spends the night with him. Although he had hoped to forget the whole incident, David grows increasingly insecure about his relationship with Diana, consumed with a fear that she remains involved with Gage; this insecurity is heightened by the fact that Diana discovers that Gage has bought their home/property while it was going into foreclosure. As tension between them builds, David and Diana separate. Gage renews his advances on Diana. Although she initially resists, Diana eventually consents to spending time with him and a relationship develops. David, meanwhile, hits rock bottom and then slowly pulls his life back together. When Diana files for divorce, David signs the divorce papers and gives the million dollars away. Diana tells Gage I think we should talk. Gage, perhaps sensing what's coming, recognizes that, even if Diana stayed with him, their relationship would never achieve the intensity she had with David. Realizing that she longs to return to her husband, Gage makes up a story that she was only the latest in a long line of million-dollar girls. Diana understands that Gage is doing this to make it easy for her to leave. Gage gives her his lucky coin, which is revealed to be double sided. She returns to the pier where David proposed seven years earlier, and he is there. She sits on the opposite side from him, and they join hands.
Elizabeth of Ladymead	British	drama	Herbert Wilcox	Four generations of women (all played by Anna Neagle in the film) have lived in Ladymead, a Georgian Mansion, while their husbands are away at war. From the Crimean War to World War II, in each case the husband returns home to find his wife more independently minded.
Blackbird	American	drama	Patrik-Ian Polk	The story of a gay teen in high school in a small baptist town in Mississippi, struggling between his religion and his sexuality. To make matters worse, his younger sister has been missing for years and it's tearing his family apart.
Judaai	Bollywood	drama	Raj Kanwar	When Kajal (Sridevi) marries Raaj (Anil Kapoor), an Engineer by profession, she and her dad (Kader Khan), automatically assume that he is rich, wealthy, and corrupt. Her father is very happy that his daughter does not have any in-laws, and that she'll get to rule the roost in her new house. But that is not the case. Raaj does not have an air-conditioner, a car, not even a refrigerator. This infuriates Kajal, and in her mind she creates a separate world, where she is rich, wealthy, has several cars, and lives lavishly in a big bungalow. Even the birth of two children (a young son and a little daughter) and several years of marriage do not change her. An example of this occurs when Kajal meets her old friend Nisha (Poonam Dhillon), who Kajal feeds a pack of lies that her husband is a business magnate, her family owns several cars, lives in a big bungalow, but Nisha, who is more wealthy than Kajal offers to give her a lift from the car only for Kajal to hear lots of lies about the directions to Nisha's house. Kajal is exposed when the bungalow she points out as her own turns out to be Nisha's. Friends of Kajal explain to her that no matter how little you have, your house is your home. When Jahnvi (Urmila Matondkar) Raaj's boss Sahni's (Saeed Jaffrey) niece comes from overseas, she meets Raj at the airport and assumes he is the car driver. After she behaves rudely with him, he sends her home alone, not caring what his boss would say about that. Jahnvi reaches the office well in time and praises Raj's attitude, but when she learns that he's an engineer working for her uncle's construction company, she apologises to him. Sahni introduces Jahnvi to Vikram Khanna, a handsome young guy, who is his business partner. Vikram observes Jahnvi and likes the young, naturally vivacious girl. She almost dreams of marrying her. They both become friends. One day, Vikram and Jahnvi go to see Jahnvi's guest house, at the new property. Sahni gets worried as the weather is getting bad; both have not returned till evening. As Raj is about to leave from the office for the farmhouse so that Jahnvi will be safe, Vikram asks Jahnvi for marriage very casually. But Jahnvi says that she doesn't find him special enough to be her choice and rejects his advances. Vikram then tries to get physical with her forcefully, but Jahnvi slaps him. Angered by the slap, Vikram throws her on the bed and forcibly tries to get intimate with her. But Raj arrives in the nick of time and saves Jahnvi. Vikram threatens him with the loss of his job, but he doesn't care. Jahnvi remembers how earlier, Raj had rejected a job and an apartment offer from a rival company due to Mr. Sahni's help. She starts liking Raj from that moment and falls in love with him thereafter. When she learns that he is a married man, she is adamant on getting married to Raj. After meeting the greedy Kajal inside the city's Ganesh temple, Jahnvi offers two crore rupees in exchange for marriage to Raj. Then Kajal, seeing this as her opportunity to gain wealth and an easy life, she suddenly accepts her proposal, not knowing that she is making a big mistake and this decision will change her life forever. Kajal forces Raaj into the agreement and gets a reluctant Raj and Jahnvi married and divorces Raj herself, to comply with the Hindu Marriage Act; thinking that she and Jahnvi will happily live together and share Raj. She then uses the money she got in the bargain to buy a huge mansion and cars. Ironically, the bungalow she buys ends up being that of Nisha. She briefly returns to her old home to collect a picture of her husband. Kajal then proceeds to taunt her that she has fulfilled her dreams, whereas Nisha's dreams are now shattered having lost everything. Nisha reminds Kajal that she sold her house and possessions to pay for the treatment of her ill husband, whereas Kajal has sold her husband for riches; and that to some extent, Kajal is all the poorer for that. Kajal moulds herself like the page 3 socialites and this leads to Kajal neglecting her family. Raj initially feels rejected by Kajal and does not get close to Jahnvi, feeling objectified at the thought of being bought and sold between his two wives. But the children and Raj find companionship with Jahnvi, who showers them with love and affection. She changes herself and becomes a typical middle class type Indian housewife. She gets up early, does pooja and then cooks tasty food for her family. She does not mind tiring herself all day learning new dishes and rituals as she finds solace in this quiet, peaceful life. She even travels happily in crowded buses and autos so as to make Raaj and the kids feel secure and happy around her. She abandons all the luxury and comforts she grew up with. The children call Jahnvi Maa, something that Kajal would previously reprimand her children for calling her; insisting that they call her Mummy as this sounded high society. Now Kajal realises how far she has drifted from her family. She forgets her wedding anniversary and throws a birthday party for her daughter's birthday, not realising that Raj has never been attracted to a lavish lifestyle and thus further pushing him away from her and towards Jahnvi. After frequent reminders from her mother, Kajal tries to make amends. When nothing works, Kajal shocks her husband when she slaps Jahnvi and accuses her of stealing her husband and tries to make Jahnvi leave. Kajal offers Jahnvi all her money back in exchange for Raj again, only to be told by Raj that she is the poorest relation despite having all the riches she ever dreamed of. On advice of her friend, Kajal seeks legal advice which also states that the only way she can legally marry Raj is to get Jahnvi and Raj to divorce – an impossible task. She then forcibly tries to throw Jahnvi out of the house, but to no avail, as Raj decides to leave with Jahnvi claiming that in the present circumstances, this is the fairest thing to do. The kids decide to stay with Janhvi and their father – heartbroken as they learn that their father was sold, prompting the son to ask his mother Kajal about the prospect of them being sold to another family at an agreed price. Kajal on the other hand, disraught by her family abandoning her, donates all her riches, in order to pay her dues. When she learns that Raj and the kids are leaving for the US, she runs to the airport for one final visit. She finds them ready to depart. But in a last minute twist in the plot, Jahnvi turns to Raj and tells them that she is leaving for the US alone, but she is not literally alone. She is expecting Raj's child. Jahnvi accepts that although Kajal sold her husband, it was her who offered to buy him and thus she too should pay her dues. So, the movie ends with Kajal getting her family back, learning of the importance of family over money and Jahnvi leaving for New York forever.
The Wrong Couples	Hong Kong	drama	David Chiang	Yu (Richard Ng) , a sailor,  returns home and is shock to discover that not only his wife left him, but the house has also been sub-letted to an old maid, May Wong (Josephine Siu). Both Yu and Wong both having own strange habits, and having them living together under the same roof causes numerous hilarious situations.[1]
Blessed	Australian	drama	Ana Kokkinos	The film is centered upon the interweaving lives and misadventures of seven lost youths who wander the Melbourne streets at night. Their mothers await their return home.
The Fixer	British	drama	John Frankenheimer	It is the story of a man named Yakov Bok, a Jew living in the Russian Empire, who was unjustly imprisoned based on prejudice and the blood libel. It was based on the incidents of the Beilis Trial in 1913, in which Menahem Mendel Beilis was wrongly accused of having murdered a Ukrainian boy named Andrei Yushchinsky, with blood libel being presented as the alleged motivation.
Roadracers	American	drama	Robert Rodriguez	Dude, a 1950s greaser, engages in a high-speed chase with the local cops, Sarge and his unnamed partner. After Dude causes their car to crash in a game of chicken, he joins his girlfriend Donna at a club. Donna does not enjoy the loud rock music preferred by Dude, and she is annoyed that he has made her wait. After they dance, Dude's friend Nixer joins them, much to Donna's annoyance. As they cruise around town and try to decide what to do, they run into Teddy, a rival greaser, and his friends. After exchanging insults, the two groups engage in a drag race. When Dude flicks his cigarette at the other car, it lands in Teddy's girlfriend's hair and sets it on fire. Teddy's car swerves and loses the race as the occupants attempt to put out the fire. Teddy and his friends swear revenge, and Dude drives off. When he later sees Dude, Sarge threatens to arrest him but says that he is content to wait for a charge that will result in Dude's incarceration. Sarge privately berates his son, Teddy, for letting Dude make a fool of him and says that Teddy must get the situation under control before others begin to question Teddy's authority – and Sarge's own by extension. Teddy later confronts Dude and Nixer at J. T.'s diner, but J. T. defuses the situation. When Teddy challenges Dude to a street fight, one of Teddy's friends reminds him that he has set up a date with his girlfriend, who is his friend's sister. Teddy is forced to delay the fight, and Dude sets a date with Donna at the same roller rink. Annoyed to find Dude there, Teddy attempts to start a fight with him, only to end up embarrassed when Dude uses his hair gel to cause Teddy and his friends to crash. Dude, Nixer, and Donna go to see Nixer's favorite film, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, and they later discuss the film's themes at J. T.'s diner. J. T. tells them that they must be ready to seize opportunities when they present themselves, as they may not get another chance. Like Invasion's protagonist, they may find themselves stuck in a situation with no escape. Donna urges Dude to take advantage of his interest in music, and Dude casually inquires about trying out for a local band that he enjoys. Although he does not commit to an audition, he becomes excited about the possibility of escaping his small town. Meanwhile, Teddy again confronts Dude at J. T.'s diner after sexually harassing Donna. Donna initially tries to talk Dude out of a fight but stops when Teddy continues to harass her. Sarge breaks up the two before they can engage in a switchblade fight in public. Fed up with Teddy's failure to take care of Dude, Sarge hands him a pistol and tells him that he must resolve the situation by that night. Sarge tells him to do it privately, so that he will not be implicated in the murder. Dude is torn between fighting Teddy and auditioning for the band, and both Donna and Nixer attempt to convince him to ignore Teddy. Dude finally decides to audition for the band, but when he shows up, he finds that they have sold out and now play bland pop music. Angry, he leaves the club, only to be confronted by Teddy, who wounds him as he flees. Dude returns home to fetch a shotgun, and he kills Teddy. As he prepares to leave town, Dude says goodbye to both Donna and Nixer. Having learned about his son's death, Sarge attempts to kill Dude, but Dude causes a fatal car crash by shooting out Sarge's tires. Dude drives on with a sinister smile on his face.
Bakita Byaktigato	Bengali	drama	Pradipta Bhattacharya	The film has been made in a documentary style. This film is about a man's search for a partner. Pramit, an independent filmmaker who is yet to experience the spell of love in his otherwise not-so exciting life, starts shooting a documentary film on love. His exploration leads him to the baffling knowledge of an unforetold mysterious village, existent on what is believed to be the threshold of reality and fantasy. If anyone ever reaches there, stumbling upon a series of coincidences, cannot steer clear of the cupid’s arrow, and readily falls in love. Pramit, along with his cameraman starts looking for the village and subsequently passes through a succession of events which can be termed nothing but magical! Love, with all its colours – sublime as well as physical - doesn’t fail to come his way too, or, does it really? (Synopsis Written by Sougata Purakayastha) [3] A standout Bengali indie feature Author: Mahadyuti Adhikary 25 September 2013 Bakita Byaktigoto (Rest is Personal) is standout film because of its endearing and lucid simplicity. Most of the new-age Bengali films these days overuse and abuse the term surreal. However, Bakita Byaktigoto is rooted very much in the real, wrapped in a fairy tale bubble, with its fascinating docu-narrative blurring the boundaries between fantasy and reality. Riwtik, the lead protagonist, on an incredible quest for a seemingly intangible pursuit of love, steers the story on his able shoulders with a remarkable sense of economy in effortless acting and infectious honesty. Amit Saha and Aparajita Ghosh Das also play out their roles with astounding competence. Sumptuous camera-work, bearing the director's stamp of innate effective minimalism, and the score by Anindya Sundar Chakraborty, transiting from earthy notes to modern sound, are also worth mentioning. A laudable, stellar debut feature by Pradipta Bhattacharyya. Sometimes it's the journey that teaches you a lot about your destination. This movie is all about a journey. A journey which will take you along and show you various aspects of love. The end of the movie will surely force you to have a deep thinking. Bakita Byaktigoto is rooted very much in the real, wrapped in a fairy tale bubble, with its fascinating docu-narrative blurring the boundaries between fantasy and reality.
Pastor Hall	British	drama	Roy Boulting	The film was based on the true story of the German pastor Martin Niemöller who was sent to Dachau concentration camp for criticizing the Nazi Party. In the 1930s, a small German village is taken over by a platoon of stormtroopers loyal to Hitler. The SS go about teaching and enforcing 'The New Order' but the pastor, a kind and gentle man, will not be intimidated. While some villagers join the Nazi Party avidly, and some just go along with things, hoping for a quiet life, the pastor takes his convictions to the pulpit. Because of his criticism of the Nazis, the pastor is sent to Dachau.
Challenger	American	drama	Ben Jordan	In the film, NASA managers and Morton Thiokol engineers argue back and forth about whether the data Thiokol has is adequate to support the risk they claim. In a teleconference, Thiokol engineer Roger Boisjoly describes to the NASA team the soot from prior O-ring blow-by incidents on prior launches as black, trying to communicate the severity of the malfunction, and says it looked bad. A NASA director challenges him, asking What does the black color mean? Boisjoly, played by Boyle, is unable to put into words a concrete logical argument for what is to him obviously a serious problem, and he just replies with something like, I'm telling you, if you'd seen it, you'd know it isn't good. The NASA manager demands proof before he will ground the shuttle, and the call ends leaving Boisjoly frustrated and baffled at their attitude. Unable to prove their case with certainty, Thiokol managers cave in to direct pressure and reverse their recommendation, finally recommending launch.
Gas Food Lodging	American	drama	Allison Anders	Nora, a waitress with two teenage daughters, struggles to raise them in a trailer park as a single parent after her husband abandons the family. After repeatedly skipping school to go on dates, Trudi quits school and gets a job as a waitress alongside her mother. Meanwhile, young Shade spends most of her time watching the movies of Mexican film star Elvia Rivero and dreams of finding a new boyfriend for her mother. After being dumped by the boy she was seeing, Trudi meets Dank, a British petrologist, at the restaurant where she's working. They eventually sleep together, and she tells him that her promiscuity is caused by the fact that she lost her virginity in a gang rape perpetuated by local boys she knew. Returning home the following night, her mother tells her that she has one month to find a new home. Shade tries to seduce Darius, a boy she has a crush on, by dressing up in a wig and costume at her sister's suggestion. After her seduction attempt fails, she runs into Javier, the local projectionist, who teases her over her outfit before giving her a ride home on his bike. Afterwards she sets her mother up with Raymond, a man she found outside the bar, who works as a gravedigger, on a date that goes horribly wrong. Trudi discovers she is pregnant with Dank's child, but when he fails to turn up, she decides to go to Dallas and give up her child rather than have an abortion. While Trudi is away, Nora begins an affair with Hamlet Humphrey, a man who installs satellite dishes, and the girls' biological father, John, reappears. Shade falls in love with Javier and tries to reconnect with her father. Initially disturbed by Hamlet Humphrey, she warms to him after he reveals that he is familiar with the movies of Elvia Rivero and compares Nora to her. Shade goes to Dallas with her mother to be there for the birth of Trudi's baby. After giving birth to a daughter, Trudi tells Shade that she'll be staying in the city. On their way home Shade spots a sign advertising day-glo rocks like the one Dank gave her sister. She goes to confront Dank but instead learns that he was killed in an accident while looking for rocks. Walking home, Shade realizes that Dank always loved Trudi and vows to eventually tell her the truth of what happened.
Feeling Minnesota	American	drama	Steven Baigelman	Freddie (Cameron Diaz) is a former stripper marrying Sam (Vincent D'Onofrio) to repay a debt owed to nightclub owner Red (Delroy Lindo). When Freddie meets Jjaks (Keanu Reeves), Sam's brother, they instantly fall in love. Jjaks and Freddie decide to run off together, eventually staying in a motel. After realizing that they do not have any money, Freddie and Jjaks decide to go back and steal some of Sam's money. Sam catches Jjaks in the act and they have a fight. After escaping, Jjaks returns to the motel, unaware that Sam has been following him. After Jjaks passes out due to the fight, Sam ends up shooting Freddie in the stomach in Jjak's car, and tries to frame the killing on Jjaks by returning Freddie's body to the motel room along with the murder weapon. The next morning, Jjaks awakens having no memory of anything that happened after his fight with Sam. Seeing Freddie's body in the room along with the gun, he briefly thinks that maybe he killed Freddie. After being tipped off by Sam, the police arrive but Jjaks hastily avoids being caught. He drives Freddie's body to a remote area in the woods to lay her to rest. All the while, Sam has been watching these events from afar, hoping to see his brother arrested. Sam now calls a friend, Detective Ben Costikyan (Dan Aykroyd), who promptly arrests Jjaks. The three of them, along with Ben's partner Lloyd (David Alan Smith), drive to the area where supposedly Freddie's body is. However upon arrival Freddie is nowhere to be found. Angered at Sam for wasting his time, Costikyan, along with Lloyd, drive off, leaving the brothers by the side of the road. Jjaks and Sam return home. They receive a phone call from the manager of the motel (Michael Rispoli), who, based on seeing Sam carrying Freddie's body INTO the motel room and Jjaks carrying the body OUT OF the motel room, wants $50,000 to keep quiet. Jjaks now realizes that Sam was setting him up for Freddie's murder. After another fight, they come up with a plan: Jjaks will go to the motel to talk to the manager while Sam will see Red, hoping for a loan. At this point, Red has learned that Sam's been stealing money from him for the past year. Sam ends up shooting and killing Red after a brief skirmish and collects the $50,000 from a safe. Jjaks meets with the motel manager but sees Freddie's necklace on the floor of the manager's apartment. Confused and angry, Jjaks throws the manager outside and threatens to kill him. Suddenly out of nowhere, an alive Freddie walks towards them, calling out Jjaks' name. Jjaks faints. When he revives, she shows Jjaks her bullet wound and tells him that Sam's a bad shot. Also, someone picked her up from the side of the road where he had left her body. The next morning Sam calls Jjaks and tells him he got the money. However, after seeing Freddie alive from a nearby diner, he confronts Jjaks and Freddie in the manager's apartment. Sam ends up getting shot when Jjaks and Freddie try to defend themselves. Costikyan enters the hotel room and suffocates Sam by holding his hand against his mouth. It turns out that Freddie had called Costikyan after being rescued and used him to help her get the $50,000. A betrayed and wounded Jjaks is left helpless. Some time later, Costikyan is arrested in his underwear inside a hotel. Freddie had tipped off the cops and left with the money. Jjaks and Freddie have since had a falling out, however Jjaks remembers Freddie's dream: that she wants to live in Las Vegas and be a dancer. He hitchhikes there and finds her living her dream. When he finds her she says, with a smile: what took you f***ing so long? They embrace each other.
The Queen's Guards	British	drama	Michael Powell	The film tells the story of John Fellowes (Daniel Massey), an officer in the Grenadier Guards as he prepares for the Trooping the Colour ceremony on 11 June 1960. John is the son of retired guardsman Capt. Fellowes (Raymond Massey) and Mrs. Fellowes (Ursula Jeans). John's older brother was also a Guards officer, but he was killed in action and John feels he is being forced to follow in his brother's footsteps. The film follows John through his training where he makes some mistakes in an exercise and is told that it was a mistake like that which got his brother and a lot of his men killed at an oasis. But he makes friends with Henry Wynne-Walton (Robert Stephens) and Henry is invited home to meet Mr. and Mrs. Fellowes. Mr. Fellowes is quite fanatical about the Guards. The eldest son in the family has been a Guards officer for as long as anyone can remember, and they even live next door to the Guards barracks in London. Capt. Fellowes is disabled, his legs don't work and he hauls himself around the house by hooking canes into loops on an overhead rail. This system was designed by the elder brother that John is always expected to live up to. His mother thinks that the elder brother is just missing in action and will return someday. The father knows he's really dead but never seems to give John a chance. John is dating Ruth (Judith Stott), the daughter of George Dobbie (Ian Hunter), a haulage contractor. When John goes to see Mr. Dobbie he tells John that he was fighting in the desert and was let down by a platoon of Guards that were meant to hold a certain position – the platoon that was led by John's brother. Months later John is in command of a unit of Guardsmen involved in a combat operation in an unnamed desert country. John leads an assault on a fortress held by some rebels. All the time he is haunted by thoughts about how his brother died, John manages to defend against a counter-attack until Henry arrives with his men in their armoured scout vehicles. The mission is a success. John has managed to do what his elder brother could not. Back in London, all is in readiness for the Trooping the Colour ceremony. Mr. Dobbie overcomes his dislike of the Guards to accompany Ruth to the ceremony. Capt. Fellowes manages to haul himself upstairs to see the ceremony out of the window. John is given the honour of commanding the colour party.
The Shiralee	British	drama	Leslie Norman	An itinerant rural worker named Macauley —sometimes described as a swagman or swaggie—suddenly finds himself taking responsibility for his child. Having returned from walkabout, he finds his wife entwined in the arms of another, and so he takes the daughter, Buster, with him. The child is the shiralee, an Irish or Aboriginal word meaning swag, or metaphorically, a burden.[4] In their time together, father and daughter explore new depths of understanding and bonding. The barren landscapes of the outback provided both a backdrop to the richness of the relationship, as well as explaining the swagman's love for the country. Jim and Buster stay with the Parkers, whose daughter Liz was an old lover of Jim's and fell pregnant to him. Jim tries to abandon Buster but she refuses to leave. Buster is injured in a car accident, and father and daughter are reunited.
Beautiful	Australian	drama	Dean O'Flaherty	In the fictional Adelaide suburb of Sunshine Hills, three teenage girls have disappeared: Jenny Wells (found in a dumpster with her body cut open), Teresa Fields (found impaled and hanging from a clothesline), and Amanda Howatt, who disappeared three days earlier. 14-year-old Danny Hobson (Sebastian Gregory) is a loner, who lives with his police officer father Alan (Aaron Jeffery) and stepmother Sherrie (Peta Wilson). He is obsessed with his 17-year-old neighbour, Suzy Thomson (Tahyna Tozzi). They become friends and she tells him about the girls and the mysterious owners of number 46. She sends him to take some photos with his camera. They walk to number 46, where Suzy tells Danny that a woman is always staring out the window. While walking down the street, Danny's bouncy ball lands in the backyard of number 46. He introduces himself to the house's owner, a mysterious woman named Jennifer (Asher Keddie), who asks him to leave her alone. At night, he hides in a bush and sees a car approach the house. The driver, Jennifer's boyfriend, gets out and stares at Danny, who takes a photo of him. Danny develops the photos and takes them to Suzy, who recognises the boyfriend from a police newsletter. They read through several newsletters and Suzy identifies the man as Max Forster (Socratis Otto), a convicted rapist. Danny begins to suspect Jennifer is being held against her will in the house by Max. Danny goes to meet Jennifer and she shows him a bracelet which is important to her. He immediately recognises the bracelet as one belonging to his mother, whom he never met. He accuses her of being his mother. Danny has a dream where Suzy is abducted. He wakes up to learn that she has been kidnapped from her bedroom. Alan interrogates Danny, who says he and Suzy only talked about the girls and number 46. Alan and some fellow officers investigate number 46, but find nothing suspicious. Danny receives a phone call from Suzy, who tells him that Max kidnapped her and that he knows Danny sent the police to his house. Danny must come to the house if he wants to see Suzy alive. Danny steals Alan's gun and goes to the house, where Jennifer takes him to the backroom, where Max is waiting for him. He tells him that he got out of jail and doesn't want to be sent back. He threatens to keep Danny in the house and take pornographic photos of him, but Danny shoots him in the head. Jennifer runs in and Danny asks her why she left. She denies being his mother and during a scuffle, he shoots her. Alan, who suspected Danny of going to the house, arrives and finds the mess. He tells Danny that Jennifer isn't his mother: his mother died when he was a baby, presumably in an accident caused by Alan. He demands that Danny leave. As Danny leaves, Alan shoots himself. Danny returns home and begins to mourn Alan's death with Sherrie. He sees Suzy in her front yard and Sherrie says that Suzy was never kidnapped. He realises she set him up and suspects her of making up the rumours about the girls, therefore causing everything. Danny and Sherrie leave Sunshine Hills forever. The final scene is narrated by a monologue from Suzy's mother (Deborra-Lee Furness), who says that Alan killed Danny's mother. She goes onto mention a rumour that Alan, Max and Jennifer were Satanists and killed the girls as sacrifices. It is revealed that Suzy pretended she was raped in number 46, but refuses to discuss it. The audience realise that most people believe Suzy's story, but not the truth. She mentions another rumour about Danny being found dead in a nearby paddock. She says that she only stays in Sunshine Hills because she talks. The movie ends with her saying that she is going to protect Sunshine Hills.
Looks and Smiles	British	drama	Ken Loach	A disadvantaged young man tries to get by in Margaret Thatcher's England. Writing in his book The Cinema of Ken Loach, Jacob Leigh comments: Looks and Smiles reveals the depression people felt in the industrial North of England in the 1980s; but it is as depressing as Mick's life. ... Loach's characteristic attention to detail renders the film a period piece.[2]
Match	American	drama	Stephen Belber	The film revolves around Tobi, a middle-aged ex-dancer now working as a ballet instructor at the Juilliard School in New York City. He is asked for an interview by husband and wife Mike and Lisa, who claim they are preparing a dissertation on the dance community of the 1960s. Through the course of the interview, Mike's questions keep getting more and more personal. He finally reveals that he suspects that Tobi is his biological father, as indicated by Mike's mother on her deathbed. When Tobi denies this, Mike forcefully takes a DNA sample from Tobi and rushes to a police lab, where his friend Jim performs a DNA test. Outraged by Mike's violence, Lisa stays to help Tobi clean up the mess Mike made. She bonds with Tobi as a person and Tobi reveals that he knows he is Mike's father, but denied it out of shame. He had abandoned the boy for his career. He also reveals that he paid a part of Mike's college tuition for college. When Mike returns to take Lisa home, the three have an argument. Tobi tells Mike to treat his wife well. After further argument, in which Mike tells Tobi he chose to make his life so that no one loves him, the pair leave. Lisa convinces Tobi to tell Mike the truth. He also invites the pair for brunch the next day. On their way to Tobi's house the next morning, Mike is called by Jim, who tells him that the DNA was not a match. When Lisa and Mike tell Tobi this, he has a nervous breakdown, and politely asks them to let him be alone. As the movie ends, Tobi is heard calling friends to take them up on an offer of a dinner party.
The Go-Between	British	drama	Joseph Losey	The story follows a young boy named Leo Colston (Dominic Guard), who in the year 1900 is a guest of his wealthy school friend, Marcus Maudsley (Richard Gibson), to spend the summer holidays at his family's Norfolk country house. While there, Marcus is taken sick and quarantined with the measles. Left to entertain himself, Leo befriends Marcus's beautiful elder sister Marian Maudsley (Julie Christie), and finds himself a messenger, carrying messages between her and a tenant farmer neighbour, Ted Burgess (Alan Bates), with whom she is engaging in a secret illicit affair. Her parents, however want to engage her to Hugh, Viscount Trimingham (played by Edward Fox) the estate owner. A heatwave leading to a thunderstorm coincides with Leo's birthday party and the film's climax, when Marian's mother and Leo, in search for Marian, find her making love with Burgess in a farm building. This event has a long-lasting impact on Leo after Burgess shoots himself in his farmhouse kitchen. More than fifty years later, Marian, now the Dowager Lady Trimingham, sends for Leo, wanting him to speak to her grandson to assure him that she had truly loved Burgess. She asks Leo whether her grandson reminds him of anyone, and he replies Yes. Ted Burgess. Michael Redgrave plays Leo in old age. Pinter's screenplay for the film was his final collaboration with Losey, following The Servant (1963) and Accident (1967). It is largely faithful to the novel, although it alludes to the novel's opening events in dialogue, in which Leo is admired by other boys at his school as they believe he used black magic to punish two bullies, and also moves events described in the novel's epilogue into the central narrative.[citation needed]
Voyage	Hong Kong	drama	Danny Cheng Wan-Cheung ('Scud')	Voyage centres on a young psychiatrist (played by Ryo van Kooten) who leaves Hong Kong to embark on a long lone voyage from Hong Kong along the coast of South-East Asia to try to overcome the emotional turmoil he has experienced in his relationships with former clients. While travelling, he tries to come to terms with his experiences by making a detailed record of their stories, and decides to visit those places himself. The film's director, Scud, explained that the idea for the film originated from my own thoughts about suicide. One time, I had thought about walking into the central Australian desert until I am exhausted and die in a miserable way. These thoughts caused me to think about similar people in this situation. He continued that All of the episodes are independent of each other and the stories are based on real experiences which some of the actors appearing in the film have gone through. Having an international cast and locations around the world is appropriate because depression and suicide are universal themes.[1][2]
The Right Person	British	drama	Peter Cotes	Margo Lorenz plays the newly married Martha Jorgensen, who is sat in her Copenhagen hotel room waiting for her husband, Jorgen, to return. She receives a visit from the mysterious Mr. Rasmusson (Douglas Wilmer), who claims to have been a comrade of her husband during World War II. He asks her not to tell her husband he is there if he should call. When Jorgen rings, Martha tells him there is a visitor, but Rasmusson is furious that she has told him he is waiting, and produces a gun. He reveals that he and Jorgenson were two of a group of 12 men in the Danish underground resistance. They were discovered, and ten were shot. Rasmusson concludes that the only other survivor must have been the informer, whom he suspects has returned to the country to claim the equivalent of £5,000 stolen from the organisation. After more than ten years, he has sought out Jorgenson in order to kill him in revenge. The distraught Martha refuses to believe her husband could have lied to her, but eventually admits she has some doubts. When Jorgenson (David Markham) arrives home, he and Rasmusson talk, but Rasmusson does not reveal his true intent. After questioning him, Rasmusson establishes that Jorgenson is not the man he is looking for. The threesome drink together, and Rasmusson leaves in a noticeably cheerier mood, thankful to have spared Martha the distress of losing her husband. Martha is satisfied that her husband has not lied, until the final moments, when Jorgen reveals he has been out for the day on business, settling the estate of a late uncle - who has left him the princely sum of £5,000.
The Pumpkin Eater	British	drama	Jack Clayton	The story revolves around Jo Armitage (Bancroft), a woman with an ambiguous number of children from three marriages, who becomes negative and withdrawn after discovering that her third (and current) husband, Jake (Finch), has been unfaithful to her. After a series of loosely related events in which Jake's infidelity is balanced by his reliability as a breadwinner and a father, Jo and Jake take a first tentative step toward reconciliation. Most of the story is based on two issues: Jo's frequent childbearing and Jake's extramarital affairs. The question of Jo's fertility is first broached by her psychiatrist. He suggests that she may feel uncomfortable with the messiness or vulgarity of sex and that she may be using childbirth to justify it to herself. This does not prevent her from becoming pregnant again, but she follows suggestions by Jake and her doctor that she have an abortion and be sterilized, and she seems happy after the operation. Meanwhile, signs accumulate that Jake has been having affairs while pursuing a successful career as a screenwriter. The first indication of his infidelity concerns a woman who lived with the Armitage family for a while. Jake reacts irrationally and unconvincingly to Jo's questioning after the children tell her the woman fainted into Jake's arms. The second sign comes from Bob Conway (Mason), an acquaintance who alleges an affair between his wife and Jake during production of a film in Morocco. Finally, Jake admits some of his infidelities under heated interrogation by Jo. After venting her frustration by furiously assaulting him, she retaliates by having an affair with her second husband. This elicits coldness from Jake. In the film's finale, Jo spends a night alone in the windmill (near the converted barn she had lived in with her second husband and children) that the couple has been renovating. The following morning, Jake and their children arrive at the windmill with food. Seeing how happy her children are with Jake, Jo indicates her acceptance of him by sadly but graciously accepting a can of beer from him, a gesture which echoes another scene in the windmill from a happier time in their marriage.
True Colors	American	drama	Herbert Ross	The movie opens with Peter Burton (Cusack) and best friend Tim Garrity (Spader) nervously awaiting the results of Peter's congressional election. Tim is telling the story of how they all came to such a thing. The two had met seven years earlier following an argument in the parking lot at law school. After discovering that they are to be roommates, the men become close friends. Tim, who comes from an affluent family, plans a career with the Department of Justice, a fact that doesn't sit well with his girlfriend, Diana (Imogen Stubbs), the daughter of Senator Stiles (Widmark). The couple end their relationship before Tim has a chance to propose. Peter, who is embarrassed by his lower-class roots, plans a career in politics, eventually manipulating his way into a job on a congressman's campaign staff. The friendship between them is severely tested when Peter confesses to Tim during a ski vacation that he and Diana have been carrying on an affair. He adds that he plans to ask Diana to marry him. Tim, angry at the betrayal, speeds off down a hazardous ski trail. The less experienced Peter follows him down with far less grace than Tim. There's a steep cliff at the end. Tim hesitates to warn Peter, but finally does so. Unfortunately, Peter doesn't hear Tim's belated warnings in time, hurtles down to the bottom breaking his leg and cracking two ribs. Tim forgives Peter and even agrees to be the best man at Peter and Diana's wedding. Shortly after marrying Diana, Peter falls under the influence of John Palmieri (Mandy Patinkin), who has ties to organized crime and political corruption. He bribes Peter into going along with an influence peddling scheme. Meanwhile, things have begun to spiral out of control in Peter's extended family. Earlier in the film, Stiles is diagnosed with early onset Alzheimer's disease, something that will end his political career. Peter seizes the opportunity to manipulate his father-in-law into supporting his run for Congress. When the older man refuses, Peter threatens to leak news of the illness to the press. The senator reluctantly acquiesces, but promises Peter that he will eventually get caught. Tim, who by this time has risen through the ranks of the Department of Justice, launches an investigation into political corruption that will eventually lead back to Palmieri. When Palmieri discovers Peter's ties to Tim, he bullies Peter into setting Tim up by putting him in touch with a bogus tipster. Tim runs with the false info, creating public embarrassment for the DOJ and compromising the investigation. Tim is suspended, and Peter hires him to work for him on his upcoming campaign. Stiles reveals the conversation that he had with Peter to Diana and she decides to divorce Peter. Shortly thereafter, Tim discovers Peter's role in getting him suspended from his job. Diana reveals she has filed for divorce. Tim volunteers to help the DOJ work to bring Peter down. Tim works diligently to gather evidence of Peter's dealings with Palmieri. After compiling as much evidence as he possibly can, he convinces his superiors at the DOJ to set up surveillance in a hotel room. After Peter wins the election, Tim gets Peter into the hotel room upstairs and to own up to everything on camera. Peter becomes suspicious shortly thereafter; Tim reveals the presence of the surveillance camera. He also tells Peter that Palmieri is being arraigned at that very moment. Peter viciously attacks Tim. When the fighting subsides and the two calm down, Tim tells Peter he has brought his ruin upon himself. After Peter gives his victory speech, he is arrested and charged with political corruption. The movie ends a few months later when Peter drops by Tim's apartment to drop off a bottle of champagne. Peter reveals that he will not be sworn into office, and that he has been offered immunity in exchange for testimony against Palmieri. Tim then tells Peter that he will be forced to testify against him if he does not accept the plea deal. The two have a reconciliation of sorts and go their separate ways.
To Sir, with Love	British	drama	James Clavell	Mark Thackeray (Sidney Poitier), an unemployed man, applies for an engineering job but it will be a long time before a decision is made. He also applies for, and is awarded, a teaching position at North Quay Secondary School in the tough East End of London. He comes from British Guiana via California. Thackeray learns from the staff of North Quay that most of the pupils have been rejected from other schools, and their antics drove their last teacher to resign. The pupils live up to their reputation. Led by Bert Denham (Christian Roberts) and Pamela Dare (Judy Geeson), their antics progress from disruptive behaviour (banging desk lids to break Thackeray's train of thought) to distasteful pranks. One pupil, Williams, casually wears sunglasses right in the classroom; Thackeray, as a running gag, keeps removing them for him. Thackeray retains his calm manner but a turning point comes one morning when he enters the classroom and discovers something being burned in the classroom stove. Although it is never revealed what is on fire, the suggestion is one of the female students burned a used sanitary napkin. Thackery loses his temper, orders the boys out of the classroom, and reprimands not only the unknown girl who caused the fire, but also the other girls for knowingly and willfully allowing her to do so. He informs them he will, henceforth, treat them as adults and allow them to discuss issues of their own choosing for the remainder of the term. Future classes discuss what the pupils can expect as adults, such as how to fill out resumes. Thackeray wins the class over, except for Denham, who continues to bait him. Thackeray suggests a class outing to a museum, which turns out to be a success. He loses some of this new-found support when he defuses a potentially violent situation between Potter (Chris Chittell) and a gym teacher, Mr Bell. In class, he demands that Potter apologize directly to Bell for the incident even if he believes Bell was wrong. The group refuse to invite Thackeray to the class dance, and when Seales' (Anthony Villaroel) mother dies, the class takes up a collection for a wreath but refuses to accept Thackeray's donation. At this point, the headmaster advises him that he feels the adult approach has failed; future class outings are cancelled, and Thackeray is to take over the boys' gym classes until the headmaster can find a replacement. Meanwhile, Thackeray receives the engineer job offer in the mail. He starts to win the pupils back after he beats Denham in a boxing match, but tells him that he has genuine boxing ability and suggests that Denham teach boxing to the younger pupils next year. Denham expresses his admiration for Thackeray to his fellow pupils; Thackeray wins back their respect and is invited to the class dance. Later, when Mr. Thackeray attends the funeral of his student's mother, he is touched to find that his lectures on personal choices and responsibility have been taken to heart, and his entire class have also come despite the stigma they would receive for entering the home of a colored person. At the dance Barbara Pegg (Lulu) announces a ladies choice dance and Pamela chooses Thackeray as her dance partner. While Miss Pegg sings the film theme song, the class then presents Thackeray with a gift and he is too moved for words and retires to his classroom. Two youths rush into the classroom, and upon seeing Thackeray they begin mocking his gift, a silver tankard and card To sir, with love with the students' signatures, and joke that they will be in his class next year. After they leave, Thackeray tears up the job offer letter. He then takes a flower from the vase on his desk, places it on his lapel and returns to the dance.
Woman of Desire	American	drama	Robert Ginty	Christina Ford (Bo Derek) a beautiful woman, is unhappily married to the older wealthy Walter J. Hill (Robert Mitchum) who employs Jack Lynch (Jeff Fahey) as his boat pilot. Christina meets a man named Jonathan Ashby (Steven Bauer) and begins having an affair behind her husband's back, however Hill begins to have suspicions and orders her back to his boat. Not content, Christina quickly seduces Jack, recording them as they have intercourse on his Harley Davidson motorcycle. Not soon after, Hill is murdered, and police suspicions fall on Jack as being the culprit, he denies this, and tells the detectives that Christina was also having an affair with Ashby at the time of her husband's death. Ashby had become enraged when he discovered that Christina was now sleeping with Jack, as she had taunted him about this. Ultimately the police find themselves having to find out if it was Jack, Christina, or Ashby who killed Hill.
White Hunter Black Heart	American	drama	Clint Eastwood	In the early 1950s, world-renowned film maker John Wilson (Eastwood), travels to Africa for his next film bringing with him a young writer chum named Pete Verrill (Jeff Fahey). While there, he becomes obsessed with hunting elephants while neglecting the preparations for the film. This leads to a conflict between the men on several levels, most notably over the idea of killing for sport such a grand animal. Even Wilson concedes that it is so wrong that it is not just a crime against nature, but a sin. Yet he cannot overcome his desire to bring down a giant bull, a tusker with massive ivory tusks. Wilson's final realization that his is a petty, ignoble pursuit comes at a late point and with a tragic price, as the local expert guide Kivu (Boy Mathias Chuma) is killed protecting him from an elephant Wilson decides not to shoot.
Danny Collins	American	drama	Dan Fogelman	Seeking a new start, Danny forswears touring and checks into a Hilton hotel in New Jersey, much to the delight of the young staff. He begins to woo the hotel manager, Mary (Annette Bening). Tom initially rejects the father he believes abandoned him, but Danny persists, getting Hope, who has ADHD, into an exclusive school for children with special needs. He learns Tom has what doctors say may be terminal leukemia, inherited from his mother, and begins to attend doctor's visits with him. Tom's dislike of his father gradually gives way to the need for his support. Inspired by his feelings for Mary and his happiness at having a family, Danny begins to write new songs. He books a one-night performance at a small club. When the audience demands he play his old material, however, Danny loses his nerve and gives a rote performance. Ashamed, he resumes drinking and doing drugs, damaging his relationship with Mary and his family. Tom confronts him, causing Danny to angrily reveal Tom's leukemia diagnosis, something Samantha had not been aware of. Tom, feeling betrayed, tells Danny never to bother his family again. Danny finds out from Frank that his finances are in danger, due to all his excessive habits, and that he needs to go on tour again. Danny goes to the hotel to mend fences with Mary. Tom is visited by Frank, who tells him that his father, despite many flaws, is a good man. Tom then finds Danny waiting at the doctor's office to hear his diagnosis. Danny reassures him that everything will be all right, which, after the doctor arrives, appears to be the case.
Muhwagwa	South_Korean	drama	Na Woon-gyu	This film is a melodrama in which Yun Bong-Choon stars as a violinist in love with a dancer played by Jeon Choon-woo. Their relationship is ruined by the interference of a rich man, played by Lee Bok-bun.
Muqaddar Ka Sikandar	Bollywood	drama	Prakash Mehra	An orphan boy begins working in the house of a wealthy man named Ramnath (Shreeram Lagoo). Ramnath does not like him. It is later revealed that another orphan had killed his wife, hence his animosity. Ramnath's young daughter Kaamna, however, empathizes with the boy and they form a friendship. Eventually, the boy is adopted by a Muslim woman named Fatima (Nirupa Roy) who also works for Ramnath, and who names him Sikandar (meaning: Conqueror.) On the occasion of Kaamna's birthday, Sikandar is refused entry to the party, and when he breaks into Kaamna's room to deliver her gift he is caught and accused of trying to rob the house. He and his mother are banished from Ramnath's home. Shortly thereafter, Fatima dies, leaving young Sikandar with the responsibility of looking after her daughter, Mehroo. A fakir, Darvesh Baba (Kader Khan) advises the mourning Sikandar to embrace the woes of life and find happiness in sadness, for then he would become the conqueror of fate. The film cuts to grown up Sikandar (Amitabh Bachchan), revealing he has amassed a fortune by turning in smugglers and thieves to the police and receiving the reward payouts. With all his wealth, he has managed to build an impressive house for himself and Mehroo, along with setting up a profitable business. He still has not forgotten Kaamna (Raakhee). She and her father have fallen on hard times, but they snub all offers from Sikandar to become reacquainted. When Sikandar tries to speak to Kaamna she demands that he never speak to her again. Sikandar is upset by this and becomes a heavy drinker. He also begins to visit Zohra Begum's (Rekha) kotha (brothel) on a regular basis. Zohra falls into an unrequited love with Sikander and begins to refuse other clients. One night in a bar, Sikandar is introduced to Vishal Anand (Vinod Khanna), a down-on-his-luck lawyer. A friendship is formed when Vishal risks his own life to save Sikandar from a bomb blast. Vishal and his mother move into Sikandar's house. A criminal named Dilawar (Amjad Khan) is in love with Zohra, and learns about her love for Sikandar. Dilawar confronts Sikandar and in the ensuing fight is thrashed by him. He swears to kill Sikandar. At length Ramnath and Kaamna, who have been struggling financially, discover that Sikandar has been anonymously paying their bills. Ramnath goes to thank him. The two households become friendly, and Vishal begins to work with Ramnath. Encouraged, Sikandar tries to profess his love to Kaamna through a love letter. Because Sikandar himself is illiterate, Vishal transcribes the letter for him, but the plan backfires when Kaamna mistakes the letter as actually being from Vishal. Vishal is unaware that Kaamna is the girl Sikandar loves, and they begin to date. Sikandar, upon learning this, struggles with his emotions but decides he must sacrifice his love for the sake of his friendship with Vishal. He covers up any evidence of his feelings toward Kaamna, and at his urging, Vishal and Kaamna plan to marry. Meanwhile, the marriage of Mehroo is at risk of being cancelled; her fiancé's family have learned about Sikandar's frequent visits to Zohra, and they object to the union on these grounds. Vishal, knowing Sikandar won't change, visits Zohra and offers to pay her if she agrees to abandon Sikandar. Zohra, upon learning the reason, refuses the money but promises Vishal that she would rather die than let Sikandar visit her again. Later, Sikandar arrives at Zohra's. When she is unable to stop his entry, she kills herself by consuming poison hidden in her diamond ring, and dies in his arms. Dilawar in the meantime has formed an alliance with Sikandar's arch enemy, J. D. (Ranjeet), and upon learning of Zohra's death hatches a plan to destroy Sikandar and his family. Kaamna and Mehroo are both preparing for their weddings; J. D. and his henchmen kidnap Mehroo but Vishal follows them and rescues her. Dilawar kidnaps Kaamna, but Sikandar follows him. He rescues Kaamna and sends her home while he fights Dilawar. In the final battle, both Dilawar and Sikandar are mortally wounded and Dilawar is surprised to learn that Sikandar never loved Zohra. A dying Sikandar reaches the wedding of Kaamna and Vishal. Just as the wedding ceremony is completed, Sikandar collapses. His dying words inadvertently reveal his love for Kaamna, and Vishal sings him a reprise from the movie's theme song: Life is going to betray you someday... Death is your true love as it will take you along... Sikandar's entire life flashes before him and he dies in Vishal's arms just as the song is completed. The film ends with the wedding having become a funeral.
Checkpoint	British	drama	Ralph Thomas	O'Donovan breaks into a safe in a factory in Florence, Italy, late at night. That triggers a burglar alarm, and he is forced to shoot the night watchman and at least one policeman; his gunfire also starts a fire that consumes the factory. He goes to Francesca and demands she put him in contact with Petersen, her boss. Petersen hides O'Donovan at his villa. In England, Warren Ingram tells Michael of his connection to the fiasco. Ingram, an industrial magnate, hired O'Donovan to lure away the designer for the Volta D'Italia car racing team, in hopes of making his team world champions. When O'Donovan failed, he turned to industrial espionage, against Ingram's explicit orders not to do anything illegal, violent or risky. Now the factory has been destroyed and five lives lost. Michael suggests having Petersen, Ingram's agent in Italy, arrange for O'Donovan to disappear altogether, but Ingram states he is a businessman, not a gangster. Ingram decides to smuggle O'Donovan out of the country. Michael recommends recruiting driver Bill Fraser because he does not have a nerve in his body and needs money for a race car he has designed and is building. The team board a flight to Italy, followed by Ingram and Michael. There, Fraser mends his strained romantic relationship with Francesca (he was away for a year). Hiding at Petersen's villa, O'Donovan is displeased to hear that Ingram has arranged for him to go to Bombay via Switzerland. O'Donovan tells Petersen to inform Ingram that he will sell the plans for the fuel intake Ingram wanted. At his team's garage, Ingram tells team manager Thornhill to reinstate suspended young driver Johnny Carpenter and team him with his friend Fraser for the important upcoming race from Florence to Locarno. Ingram then sends Thornhill to the refueling stop at Milan. Ingram then meets face-to-face with O'Donovan and reluctantly buys the plans. Between them, Petersen and his girlfriend Gabriela manage to drug Johnny's drinks. The next day, Ingram calls Bill to Johnny's room. Johnny is unconscious next to a whiskey bottle. Bill knows that no last-minute driver changes are allowed, and if the officials are alerted to Johnny's seeming intoxication, it will cost him his license, as well as the race for the team. Ingram offers Bill a way to save his friend and the team, and also dangles financial backing for his race car in exchange for taking the risk of substituting another co-driver for Johnny. Bill agrees. On the day of the race, Francesca goes to Johnny's room to fetch him, but runs into O'Donovan and Petersen. Petersen holds Francesca captive while O'Donovan masquerades as Johnny. Ingram tells Francesca that if she notifies the authorities, Bill will go to prison. She is then released, though Ingram orders Petersen to follow her. She books a flight to Milan and breaks away from Petersen and gets aboard. At the Milan stop, Francesca warns Bill, but O'Donovan points his pistol at him, so Bill resumes the race. Francesca seeks Thornhill's help; he drives her on a shortcut across the mountains to intercept Bill and O'Donovan without involving the police. Bill pull overs, complaining of a loose wheel or flat, and tries to overpower O'Donovan, but fails. O'Donovan orders Bill to not stop at the last checkpoint, even they need to refuel to reach the finish line. Fearing for his life, Bill ignores O'Donovan's order to slow down, since O'Donovan cannot safely shoot him without endangering himself. Bill then takes the wrong turn, heading back from Switzerland into Italy. Once O'Donovan realises what Bill is doing, he tries to grab the wheel. The car goes off the road and teeters on the edge of a cliff. The two men get out and fight, as Ingram, Francesca and the others converge on the scene. O'Donovan is knocked into the car, which then plunges over the cliff and into the lake. Ingram, struck by falling debris, makes a full confession to a frontier guard, taking full responsibility.
Asha Jaoar Majhe	Bengali	drama	Aditya Vikram Sengupta	The woman (Basabdatta Chatterjee) works in a handbag factory while the man (Ritwick Chakraborty) works the night shift at a printing press. The film follows that young married couple as they go about their day, how they stay apart all day long except one brief moment when they get to be with each other. The entire movie has no dialogues. It has background music and some classic old songs thrown in for a soothing effect.
Cake	American	drama	Daniel Barnz	The story centers on Claire Bennett (Aniston) as she struggles to come to terms not only with the aftermath of the car accident that killed her son and left her partially disabled by chronic pain, but also with the suicide of Nina Collins (Kendrick), a woman from her chronic pain support group. As time flies by, Claire starts visualizing Nina several times leading to short conversations. As the drug effects diminish, she returns to the present. By blackmailing Annette from her support group, she procures Nina's address and befriends her husband Roy. Silvana, her helper and driver is very loyal and dutiful. Since the accident, Claire dared not to sit up erect in her car, so Silvana drives her anywhere. Also, she is taking physiotherapy practices to improve her condition. Later, in her dream, Nina comes to her with a cream scratch cake with lit candles. She explains her guilt of not having been able to make a birthday cake for her son due to chronic pain. The film documents how Claire's pain and grief affect her behavior, her relationships with other people, and her ability to function from just after Nina's death until she reaches a breakthrough point in her own path.
Hayde Bre	Turkish	drama	Orhan Oğuz	Şaban Agha (Şevket Emrulla) lives in a small Macedonian village with his wife and friends in a small town while his stepdaughter Saadet (Nilüfer Açıkalın) lives in the Istanbul with her three children and paralysed husband whom she has to take care of. The lives of Şaban Agha and Saadet intersect unexpectedly, after Saadet travels to the village for her son's circumcision ceremony and without the least desire, Şaban Agha moves to Istanbul at Saadet's insistence upon her return. However, it proves impossible for him to adapt to city life and the rules of the system. Though he still considers himself a “guest” in Istanbul, the land he is homesick for is in fact long lost. Unaware of this fact, Şaban Agha plans to move back at the earliest opportunity, as he comes to realize that he will not be able to manage in the city.
Girl$	Hong Kong	drama	Kenneth Bi	Gucci (Wong Si-Man) is a teenager who seeks to enhance her own self-image through the acquisition of luxury goods, bidding online for a designer handbag that she cannot afford. Looking for a way to make quick money she comes into contact with Icy (Michelle Wai). Just 19 herself, Icy acts as an online procuress, down to a single regular working girl, the hypersexual Lin (Una Lin), she offers to act as an agent for the underage Gucci's virginity, she also convinces Ronnie (Bonnie Xian) to go on compensated dates. Ronnie comes from a wealthy background however she finds herself alone and afraid of forming emotional attachments, wanting to avoid the stigma of being a prostitute, she instead pays the men she goes on dates with. Despite the differences in background the four become friends. Unaware that the police are searching for a serial killer who has been targeting girls, Icy goes on a compensated date herself when she finds herself in need of some extra money and none of her girls are available. However she is filmed in the process of having sex and is blackmailed, although the girls manage to recover the incriminating material, Icy's boy friend discovers that she has broken her promise to him not to go on compensated dates and breaks-up with her. Despite the police catching the serial killer, the girls find that they have been exposed to another killer. A customer declares online that he is HIV positive and publishes the mobile phone numbers of girls he has been with, Icy, Lin and Ronnie find their numbers on the list. All four girls have blood tests despite Gucci still being a virgin (one attempt at selling her virginity ends when it is her own brother she finds waiting at a pre-arranged spot), the blood tests prove negative. The film ends with Ronnie deciding to take the money offered to her for sex, and Gucci meeting with a customer, a customer who turns out to be even younger than herself.
Mob Story	American	drama	Unknown	The story is about a New York gangster who is forced to go on the run and hides out in the small town where he grew up.
The Chalk Garden	British	drama	Ronald Neame	An elderly woman hires a governess, Miss Madrigal (Deborah Kerr), with a mysterious past to look after her disturbed, deceitful, and self-centered teenage granddaughter Laurel (Hayley Mills), who has seen off many previous governesses. Laurel feels intense sexual jealousy and resentment of her beautiful mother who lives elsewhere, and has been taught by her Grandmother to hate her mother. When Miss Madrigal arrives, Laurel is intrigued by her apparent lack of a past, and tries to investigate who she is and to expose her. Through this investigating, Laurel helps precipitate the climax of the film where it is revealed that Miss Madrigal was convicted of murdering her step-sister 15 years ago and was sentenced to death, though the sentence was commuted and she'd been in prison since then. Instead of running away from this fact once it is revealed, Miss Madrigal uses this painful revelation to convince Laurel and her Grandmother that she was once like Laurel, and that Laurel should leave her Grandmother's toxic environment and go to live with her mother where she can grow into a better person. Laurel understands Miss Madrigal's self-sacrifice as an example of love, and follows her advice to live with her mother.
Blanche Fury	British	drama	Marc Allégret	The plot is based on an actual homicide case from Victorian England. Blanche Fury (Valerie Hobson) is a beautiful and genteel woman, forced into menial domestic service after the death of her parents. After a succession of failed positions, she receives an invitation to become governess for the granddaughter of her rich uncle Simon, whom she has never previously met due to an unspecified dispute between he and her father. On arriving at the impressive country estate, she first encounters Philip Thorn (Stewart Granger), whom she mistakes for her cousin Laurence. In fact, he is the illegitimate and only son of the former owner of the estate, Adam Fury. Thorn tells her the legend of the founder of the Fury family, killed in battle, his body defended by the ghost of his pet Barbary ape. The ape of the Furies is said to protect the family and wreak vengeance on anyone who crosses them. Desiring position and security she marries her weak and insipid cousin Laurence. Dissatisfied with her marriage, she and Thorn begin a love affair. They conceive a plan for Thorn to murder her husband and uncle, leaving evidence to blame gypsies, whom her uncle had antagonised in the past. After the inquest, Thorn becomes increasingly possessive, and she fears he will murder the child Lavinia, heir to the estate and final obstacle to his ambition, by encouraging the child to make a lethal jump with her pony. Blanche intervenes, and fearing for the child's life, goes to the police, implicating Thorn in the murder. She confesses to their love in court, and he is executed for the double murder. As the day of his execution arrives, Lavinia goes out alone to try the jump she'd been denied, and is killed. Months later, Blanche gives birth to a son, whom she names Philip Fury, after his father, Thorn. She dies, leaving her infant son, a true-blooded Fury, as sole heir to the estate. So the curse of the Furies is fulfilled.
Simple Men	American	drama	Hal Hartley	Brothers Bill and Dennis reunite after their anarchist father escapes from the hospital. Bill is angry after being double-crossed after a robbery by his girlfriend, and he promises to break the heart of the next woman he meets, while Dennis is fresh out of college and somewhat naive about the world. Dennis is set on finding their father, and Bill is broke, so they set off to find him. Their motorcycle breaks down near a diner in the middle of nowhere, where they meet the beautiful Kate, mysterious Elina, and short-tempered Martin. They decide to stay for a few days and gradually become entangled in local life.
Shout	American	drama	Unknown	The first half of the film is set at Benedict Boys Home. Jesse Tucker (Jamie Walters) and his four friends live and toil with other guys under strict guidance of Eugene who has a lovely daughter Sara (Heather Graham). They have a music teacher Jack Cabe (John Travolta) who is into rock and roll and teaches them the same, much to the irritation of Eugene who wants to fire him but let him after a warning, Jack then tells them to somehow arrange a radio and listen to the show Midnight Rider. Jesse bets with the guys that he would have sex with Sara, but instead falls in love with her. They go to the club where they see people enjoying rock n roll to the hilt and Jesse gets inspired and gives an impressive performance on stage. Jack Cabe gets into an altercation with the town sheriff, who is miffed with the wayward ways of his and decides to find the truth about his past. At school Jesse and his friends come in touch with the girls while attending a lecture on the polluting effects of modern music and television. One of the guys who is attracted to Sara tells her about the bet. After her initial anger she is won over by Jesse by his honest demeanor and truth. Jack Cabe is discovered to be a murderer on the run and flees on seeing cops at his place. Jesse steals Eugene's car and goes to Jack where he confides about an accidental murder that happened defending his colored friend in a club where they were invited to give Rock 'N' Roll performance. Jesse asks him to stop running, but Jack asks him to shut up and turns him away. Jesse returns to the boys home. He does all he can to survive there, including Sara to keep himself out of trouble with her dad. At a fair where Benedict's Boys band was asked to play, they begin with usual music, but on seeing Jack surrendering, Jesse mans up and starts playing rock n roll much to the delight of young people who respond immediately and dance while inviting disapproving gestures from elders. The last scene where Eugene is shown unsuccessfully trying to stop the band while his daughter rises up with joy ready to resume her relationship with Jesse.
Waterland	British	drama	Stephen Gyllenhaal	The film follows the story of an anguished English-born Pittsburgh high school teacher (Irons) in 1974 going through a reassessment of his life. His method is to narrate his life to his class and interweave three generations of his family's history. The film portrays the history teacher's narrative in the form of flashbacks to tell the story of a teenage boy and his mentally challenged older brother living in The Fens of England with their widowed father. In an opening scene the teacher's childless wife (Cusack) takes a child from a supermarket and believes it to be hers. The teacher explains to his class how he and his wife had a teenage romance which led to a disastrous abortion that left her infertile. The teacher is tortured by the guilt of this as well as the jealousy he demonstrated to his older brother when he suspected his girlfriend's child was his brother's. The girl's flirtation with the older brother sets off events that lead to the older boy's death by drowning. A side-theme is the teacher's grandfather, who was a successful brewer and who fathered with his daughter the narrator's older brother. The film ends with the teacher's dismissal from his school and a possible renewal of his relationship with his wife.
Nasoor	Bollywood	drama	Ashok Chopra	Dr Sunil Gupta, a gynaecologist and Dr. Hira are partners in Prakash Nursing Home. Sunil treats his profession as an earning job unlike his father, who landed up in debt because of treating the poor patients for free. Sunils' girlfriend Yashoda too, is a doctor working in a government hospital treating the profession as a service. A patient being treated by Dr Hira dies due to his negligence, but he saves his skin by firing the nurse. While operating on a minister's pregnant daughter-in-law, Manjula, Sunil is faced with a choice of saving either the mother or child. He opts for the former. The minister, Raosaheb, holds Sunil responsible for the child's death and lodges a complaint with the medical council. Dr Hira too sides with him against Sunil, getting him suspended. Sunil, in the meanwhile, comes to know about the truth of Hira's patient's death from the absconding nurse. Armed with the evidence, he files a case in the court and wins. Chastened Sunil decides to follow in his father's footsteps.[2]
Say Hello to Yesterday	British	drama	Alvin Rakoff	On a winter morning in an affluent suburb, the Woman - having just said goodbye to her stockbroker husband and their two young children - is going to London, shopping. She drives to the station which is shown as Cobham (referencing Cobham, Surrey or Cobham, Kent). Among the crowd, as she boards the train is the Boy. He is 22 today and is bored. He is determined to make the day a different one. The Boy moves up and down the crowded corridors. The Woman in her non-smoking compartment badly wants a cigarette and starts to scrape away a 'No Smoking' sign. The Boy is attracted by this middle class rebellion, pulls the sign off and presents it to her and tries to engage her in conversation. Later, battling her way into a department store she finds he has followed her. Leaving the store, she thinks she has lost him. But he catches up with her on a crowded pavement. She tries to throw him off, he finds her again. She flees to her mother's apartment – followed by the Boy. The Woman is desperately embarrassed and tries to explain, but her mother treats the whole thing lightly and the Woman learns with surprise that her parents both had sex with other people during the war. Mother says 'He's good for you. If you have an affair with that boy you'll regret it. On the other hand, if you don't have an affair with him you'll also regret it...' He tells an estate agent that he's a successful talent agent and gets the keys to an empty flat. The Woman and the Boy have sex together there. He tells her that he loves her and suggests they have an affair, but she declines his offer. She goes to London Victoria station, and goes home.
Leo the Last	British	drama	John Boorman	The ennui-afflicted heir to a deposed European throne returns to his father's house in West London to find that the neighbourhood has become a slum. An ornithologist ill at ease with others, he finds his spy-glass wandering from birds to observe his neighbours. Strictly an observer at first, he increasingly becomes agitated as their lives are blighted by violence, poverty, and injustice. In particular he is moved by the plight of young Salambo Mardi and her family, beset by the rapist shopkeeper Kowalski and the pimp Jasper. Gradually he is stirred from his emotional detachment to try to assist her, a development that confuses, alarms, and angers his parasitic entourage; Margaret, his social climber fiancée, Max, the shady family lawyer (who for reasons never directly explained is desperate for Leo to marry Margaret), David, his quack doctor, and Laszlo, the household manager and apparent leader of a secret society aiming to restore the dynasty. (Leo's sudden vitality also threatens Jasper the pimp who is, in fact, in league with Lazlo.) A pacifist and liberal idealist with no interest in reigning, Leo is relieved when Laszlo confesses that the society is a fraud but furious when he discovers that he is the owner of the slum and his life of wealth and privilege has been paid for from its rents. The movie turns Marxist parable as Leo becomes the unlikeliest of revolutionaries, rallying the denizens of the slum with the aid of Salambo and her charismatic working-class hero boyfriend Roscoe. The intellectual and professional class (in the person of the socialite, the doctor, and the lawyer) is quickly overcome, but the capitalists and petit bourgeoisie (pimp, rent collector, shopkeeper, and real estate shareholders) prove tougher, fortifying themselves in Leo's mansion. In the final cataclysm, Leo leads the mob in burning his own mansion to the ground, its occupiers surrendering and fleeing at the last moment. In the last line of dialogue, Roscoe tells Leo: “Well, you didn’t change the world, did you?” Leo replies: “No, but we changed our street.” The victors laugh together and disperse. Leo wanders up to his old home and picks from the rubble one of his spy-glasses. Smiling happily he chucks it aside and skips merrily away.
It's My Party	American	drama	Randal Kleiser	It's My Party chronicles a two-day party hosted by Nick Stark (Eric Roberts) a gay architect who, having been diagnosed with progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy, will fall into a state of mental lapse lasting for months until his death. He decides to host a party for his family and friends, at the end of which he will commit suicide by taking Seconal. You won't leave me, will you? Nick asks his estranged lover, Brandon Theis (Gregory Harrison) a B movie director, shortly after revealing to him the results of his last blood test for HIV. I don't want to die alone. In spite of Brandon's protestations, the two soon find the love they had shared for many years in ruins. One year after their breakup, Nick is confronted with a ravaged immune system and a CT Scan and lab values which, along with his worsening forgetfulness, clinches the diagnosis of Progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy (PML) -- a condition he has seen claim his friends and one which he vows will not take him. Due to the aggressive nature of the disease, he has only a few days of conscious life remaining. His plan, he announces to family and extended family, is to voluntarily end his life himself before the disease renders him unrecognizable to those he loves and he, in turn, is unable to recognize them. Uninvited to the farewell party, Brandon's presence is greeted with jeers from those who see him as having abandoned Nick in his time of greatest need.
The Mountain Eagle	British	drama	Alfred Hitchcock	The film is set in Kentucky, where J. P. Pettigrew's (Bernhard Goetzke) wife had died giving birth to their son Edward (John F. Hamilton), born a cripple. Pettigrew loathes John 'Fear o' God' Fulton (Malcolm Keen) who was also in love with Pettigrew's wife. Pettigrew later witnesses his now-grown son making love to[clarification needed] schoolteacher Beatrice (Nita Naldi), and confronts her about the relationship. He attempts to take her in his arms, but Beatrice rejects his advances. Pettigrew's son Edward sees this and flees the village. Pettigrew is incensed at both Beatrice's rejection and the loss of his son, and thus attempts to have Beatrice arrested as a wanton harlot. John forestalls Pettigrew's plan by marrying Beatrice and taking her to his cabin where they fall in love. Beatrice becomes pregnant. Pettigrew seeks revenge by having John thrown in prison for murdering his (missing) son. A year later, John breaks out of prison and attempts to flee with Beatrice and their child. However, Beatrice falls ill and John must return to the village for a doctor. There he finds that Edward has reappeared. John's affairs are now cleared up and he is legally free from the charge of murder. Pettigrew is subsequently accidentally shot and no longer a threat to John and his family.
Cone of Silence	British	drama	Charles Frend	Captain George Gort (Bernard Lee) is a pilot for British Empire Airways, flying their route London - Rome - Cairo - Ranjibad - Calcutta - Singapore. He is found to have been at fault after his Phoenix 1 jetliner crashed on takeoff from [fictional] Ranjibad airport, killing his co-pilot. He is accused of rotating too early, increasing drag to such an extent that the aircraft could not achieve flying speed. Gort is reprimanded and reduced in seniority but is allowed to return to flying the Phoenix after a check flight under Captain Hugh Dallas (Michael Craig). Meanwhile, Gort's daughter Charlotte (Elizabeth Seal) refuses to believe he was at fault. Gort's flying skills are again called into question when a piece of hedge is found wrapped around an undercarriage leg after an unusually low approach to Calcutta. However, it is later discovered that there is no hedge at the threshold of the Calcutta runway, and that the piece of hedge round the undercarriage had actually come from Ranjibad, where the take-off had been flown by Captain Clive Judd (Peter Cushing). This reveals that Gort is not the only pilot to have problems on take-off with the Phoenix. Gort is later involved in a second crash, this time killing all on board. The crash is remarkably similar to the first: both involve a fully loaded aircraft on a hot night, taking off under Captain Gort from the same runway at Ranjibad airport. Dallas eventually discovers that the aircraft's designer had deliberately withheld information on potential take-off difficulties in hot conditions. A third crash is avoided by seconds when a message from the aircraft designer comes through to a crew about to take off in the same problematic weather conditions, advising them to add eight knots to the calculated unstick speed and keep the nose-wheel on the ground until just before unstick speed is reached. The take off is successful.
Black and White	Australian	drama	Craig Lahiff	Based on real events, it tells the story of Max Stuart (Ngoombujarra), a young aboriginal man who was sentenced to death after being found guilty of the murder of a nine-year-old girl on what was considered questionable evidence. It follows the fight by his lawyers David O'Sullivan (Carlyle) and Helen Devaney (Fox) to save Stuart from execution, as well as Crown Prosecutor, Roderic Chamberlain's (Dance) efforts to convict Stuart. Rohan Rivett editor of an Adelaide paper, The News, and its publisher, Rupert Murdoch (Ben Mendelsohn) also feature as leading the public response in the campaign to save Stuart. In the final scene of the film, Max Stuart appeared as himself as an older man, driving along a dirt highway near Alice Springs where he lived at the time, and saying: Yeah, some people think I'm guilty and some people think I'm not. Some people think Elvis is still alive, but most of us think he's dead and gone.[2]
Champ	South_Korean	drama	Unknown	Two damaged souls race together for the race of their lifetime. Horse jockey Seung-ho loses his wife in a fatal car accident. The accident also leaves him practically blind. No longer able to work, he leads an aimless life with his little daughter. Things take turn for the worse when he loses all his savings after trying to cheat at the horse track and flees to a remote ranch in Jeju Island. There he meets a violent and limping horse named Woo-bak and he trains the horse for racing. Against all odds, Seung-ho and Woo-bak finish first in the preliminaries but when Seung-ho's blindness is discovered by the officials, they're disqualified from the finals. Woo-bak rejects all other jockeys and waits for Seung-ho to come back. The limping horse and his blind jockey bet everything to race one last time.
Ghar Sansar	Bengali	drama	Swapan Saha	Prakash, educated yet an unemployed youth, struggles to find a job, his father Satya Narain is a head clerk, has a large family consisting of two sons, two daughters, wife and old mother. The dream child of this family is the eldest son Prakash, but in this era of rampant corruption, Prakash fails to get a respectable job, joins an ironsmith and starts believing in the indignity of labour. His younger brother Chandan proves to be a black sheep and joins a gang of rowdies. Satya Narain manages a further loan to marry the eldest daughter, which is stolen by his brother-in-law, who had come to live like a parasite and demanded his balance dowry. Satya Narain dies of a heart attack, the burden of the family falls on Prakash's shoulders and now he is given a chance to pay off his father's debts by selling their only possession, their house. The maidservant Radhika always stood by this family through thick and thin, who is in love with Prakash. The elder daughter runs away from the house, though she is the sole cause of the untold misery which had befallen the family. Prakash anyway, searches her and marries her. Then it is suddenly revealed that Radhika is the daughter of a very rich man and had left her house due to an ego problem with her father. Chandan, the black sheep, makes all attempts to destroy his own family. Prakash faces these onslaughts bravely. And one day, when Chandan's own rowdy friends want to kill him and his elder brother Prakash, saves him, then his eyes open.
Khoon Ka Khoon a.k.a. Hamlet	Bollywood	drama	Sohrab Modi	The film stays close to the play, with Hamlet's dead father wanting Hamlet to punish the people responsible for his death. Hamlet, unwilling to believe his mother's involvement is in a quandary and pretends to be insane. He has a play staged denouncing his mother and uncle. Gertrude drinks the poison intended for Hamlet, Hamlet kills his step-father and succumbs to the wounds received.
A Few Good Men	American	drama	Rob Reiner	U.S. Marines Lance Corporal Harold Dawson and Private Louden Downey are facing a general court-martial, accused of killing fellow Marine Private William Santiago at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base in Cuba. Santiago had poor relations with his fellow Marines, compared unfavorably to them, and broke the chain of command in an attempt to get transferred out of Guantanamo. Base Commander Colonel Nathan Jessup and his officers argue about the best course of action: while Jessup's executive officer, Lieutenant Colonel Matthew Markinson, advocates that Santiago be transferred, Jessup dismisses the option and orders Santiago's commanding officer, Lieutenant Jonathan James Kendrick, to 'train' Santiago to become a better Marine. Naval investigator and lawyer Lieutenant commander JoAnne Galloway suspects Dawson and Downey carried out a code red: a violent extrajudicial punishment. Galloway wants to defend them, but the case is given to Lieutenant (junior grade) Daniel Kaffee, an inexperienced and unenthusiastic lawyer with a penchant for plea bargains. Initially, friction exists between Galloway, who resents Kaffee's apparent laziness, and Kaffee, who resents Galloway's interference. Kaffee negotiates a plea bargain with the prosecutor, Captain Jack Ross (USMC); insisting Kendrick gave the code red order minutes after he had publicly ordered the platoon not to touch Santiago, and never intending their victim to die, Dawson and Downey refuse the deal. Dawson shows outright contempt for Kaffee's 'cowardice', even refusing to salute. Kaffee meets with Jessup, who tells Kaffee that Santiago was set to be transferred. Galloway convinces Kaffee to take the case to court; the defense establishes the existence of code red orders at Guantanamo, and that Dawson specifically had learned not to disobey any order after a promotion was denied for helping out a Marine who was under what could be seen as a code red. However, they suffer two major setbacks: Downey, under cross-examination, reveals he was not actually present when Dawson received the supposed code red order, and Markinson, ashamed that he failed to protect a Marine under his command, tells Kaffee that Jessup never ordered the transfer, but commits suicide rather than testify. Without Markinson's testimony, Kaffee believes the case lost, lamenting that he fought the case instead of taking a deal. Galloway convinces Kaffee to call Jessup as a witness, despite the risk of a court-martial for smearing a high-ranking officer. Jessup spars evenly with Kaffee's questioning, but is unnerved when Kaffee points out a contradiction in his testimony: Jessup stated Marines never disobey orders and that Santiago was to be transferred off-base for his own safety, but, having ordered his men to leave Santiago alone, then Santiago was in no danger. Irate at being caught in a lie and disgusted by what he sees as Kaffee's impudence towards the Marines, Jessup extols the military's importance, and his own, to national security. When asked point-blank if he ordered the code red, he bellows with contempt that he did; Jessup tries to justify the order as he is arrested, and Kendrick is later arrested for his part. Dawson and Downey are cleared of the murder charge, but found guilty of conduct unbecoming a United States Marine and are dishonorably discharged. Dawson accepts the verdict, but Downey does not understand what they did wrong. Dawson explains they had failed to stand up for those too weak to fight for themselves, like Santiago. As the two are leaving, Kaffee tells Dawson honor doesn't come from a patch on his arm. Dawson stands at attention, recognizing him as an officer and rendering a salute.
Suhaag Raat a.k.a. Sohag Raat	Bollywood	drama	Kidar Sharma	A dying mother asks her step-son, Rahu, to look after his younger stepbrother, Beli (Bharat Bhushan). The stepson decides to have Beli murdered in order to lay claim to the entire property. Rahu appoints Jaggu (Pesi Patel) to carry out the killing. However, Jaggu changes his mind when Beli asks him if he has any children. Jaggu then takes Beli to his village in Kullu where he lives with his cheerful and spirited daughter Kammo (Geeta Bali). Beli soon finds a job at the Zamindar's (Landlord) house. The landlord's daughter, Paro (Begum Para) is good friends with Kammo. Both Kammo and Paro fall in love with Beli, but Beli likes Paro. Rahu finds out that Beli is not dead and comes to the village, ingratiating himself with the Zamindar. He asks for Paro's hand in marriage and the Zamindar agrees. On the wedding night, Kammo persuades Beli and Paro to elope but they are stopped by Rahu who tries to shoot Beli. Kammo comes in the way and is shot. She dies uniting the two lovers.
Haze	Turkish	drama	Tayfun Pirselimoğlu	Reşat, a withdrawn and asocial young man who works at a pirate DVD shop, represses his feelings for the girl next door, and adds excitement to his life with petty theft. The film turns into a thriller when the shadowy Celal, a friend of Reşat's boss, gets shot just after he leaves a package in the shop and Reşat has to make sense of the photo and the gun it contains.[2]
Blighty	British	drama	Adrian Brunel	With the outbreak of World War I, Sir Francis and Lady Villiers (Annesley Healey and Ellaline Terriss) and daughter Ann (Lillian Hall-Davis) watch son of the household Robin (Godfrey Winn) and family chauffeur David Marshall (Jameson Thomas) go off to fight. David does well in the army and is quickly promoted through the ranks, while Robin falls in love with and marries a local girl. Robin is killed in action on the Western Front, leaving his bride a young widow with a baby. When David returns periodically to England on leave, he and Ann fall in love. Meanwhile Robin's wife (Nadia Sibirskaïa) finds her way as a refugee to England to seek out the Villiers and introduce them to their grandchild. Following the declaration of the Armistice with Germany, the romance between David and Ann has to conquer entrenched class-based attitudes, while Robin's wife at first feels overwhelmed and out-of-place in the Villiers household. Problems are eventually overcome, and the Villiers' welcome David and their daughter-in-law and grandchild into the family.
The Boys	Australian	drama	Rowan Woods	After serving time in prison for an assault on a liquor store employee, Brett Sprague is released from prison and returns home to his two brothers and his and their girlfriends, mother and stepfather. Things have changed, and as Brett begins to drink his way through the day, he regains his top-dog position one argument at a time. This power trip gets Brett and his brothers united in rage against their girlfriends and mother, and they are involved in a heinous crime. The aftermath of the night unfolds through the story with flashforwards.
The Crucifix	British	drama	G.B. Samuelson	An elderly woman hires a young aide to care for her and terrorizes her with her unreasonable demands.
The Cherokee Kid	American	drama	Paris Barclay	When greedy land-grabber, Bloomington (Coburn), destroys his family, Isaiah (Sinbad), knows nothing about the world, but vows to someday get revenge. He learns about good and evil by being forced to rob a bank and then capturing the gang. He learns how to live off the land from Otter Bob (Reynolds), the Best Mountain Man in Texas. He learns about friendship and loyalty after saving the life of Cortina (Martinez), the Hero of the Mexican People. He learns how to shoot from Nat Love (Hudson). He learns about love from Stagecoach Mary (Lewis). It finally comes down to a showdown with the notorious Undertaker (Hines), who's working for Bloomington. But there's something about The Undertaker that makes this worse since there's a rumor that he killed Isaiah's brother, Jedediah.
Lewis and Clark and George	American	drama	Rod McCall	Lewis and Clark and George opens with Salvator Xuereb (playing Lewis) and Dan Gunther (Clark) at a water tank site wearing prison jump suits. The scene is desert scrub and the two state prison escapees have just located a buried metal box with a loaded revolver, treasure map, and Cuban cigars. A road trip begins as the two hike off through the desert to find the treasure, eventually joined by Rose McGowan (George).
Philadelphia	American	drama	Jonathan Demme	Andrew Beckett is a senior associate at the largest corporate law firm in Philadelphia. He hides his homosexuality and his status as an AIDS patient from the other members of the firm. A partner in the firm notices a lesion on Beckett's forehead. Although Beckett attributes the lesion to a racquetball injury, it indicates Kaposi's sarcoma, an AIDS defining condition. Shortly thereafter, Beckett stays home from work for several days to try to find a way to hide his lesions. While at home, he finishes the paperwork for a case he has been assigned and then brings it to his office, leaving instructions for his assistants to file the paperwork the following day, which marks the end of the statute of limitations for the case. Later that morning, he receives a call asking for the paperwork, as the paper copy cannot be found and there are no copies on the computer's hard drive. The paperwork is finally discovered in an alternate location and is filed with the court at the last possible moment. The following day, Beckett is dismissed by the firm's partners. Beckett believes that someone deliberately hid his paperwork to give the firm an excuse to fire him, and that the dismissal is actually as a result of his diagnosis with AIDS. He asks several attorneys to take his case, including personal injury lawyer Joe Miller. The homophobic Miller appears to be worried that he could contract Beckett's illness. After declining to take the case, Miller immediately visits his doctor to find out if he could have contracted the disease. The doctor explains that the routes of HIV infection do not include casual contact. Unable to find a lawyer willing to represent him, Beckett is compelled to act as his own attorney. While researching a case at a law library, Miller sees Beckett at a nearby table. After a library employee stares down Miller, presumably because Miller is black, a librarian approaches Beckett and announces that he has found a book on AIDS discrimination for him. As others in the library begin to first stare uneasily, the librarian suggests Beckett to go to a private room. Feeling discouraged by the other people's behavior and seeing the parallels in how he himself has been unfairly treated, Miller approaches Beckett, reviews the material he has gathered, and takes the case. As the case goes before the court, the partners of the firm take the stand, each claiming that Beckett was incompetent and that he had deliberately tried to hide his condition. The defense repeatedly suggests that Beckett brought AIDS upon himself by having gay sex, and is therefore not a victim. In the course of testimony, it is revealed that the partner who had noticed Beckett's lesion, Walter Kenton, had previously worked with a woman who had contracted AIDS after a blood transfusion and so should have recognized the lesion as relating to AIDS. According to that partner, the woman was an innocent victim, unlike Beckett, and further testified that he did not recognize Beckett's lesions. To prove that the lesions would have been visible, Miller asks Beckett to unbutton his shirt while on the witness stand, revealing that his lesions are indeed visible and recognizable as such. Beckett eventually collapses during the trial. After Beckett is hospitalized, another partner, Bob Seidman, who noticed Beckett's lesions confesses that he suspected Beckett had AIDS but never told anyone and never gave him the opportunity to explain himself, which he regretted very much. During his hospitalization, the jury votes in Beckett's favor, awarding him back pay, damages for pain and suffering and punitive damages, totaling over $5 million. Miller visits the visibly failing Beckett in the hospital after the verdict and overcomes his fear enough to touch Beckett's face. After Beckett's family leaves the room, he tells his partner Miguel that he is ready to die. At the Miller home, Joe and his wife are awakened by a phone call from Miguel, who tells them that Beckett has died. A memorial is held at Beckett's home following the funeral, where many mourners, including Miller, view home movies of Beckett as a happy child.
The Wicked Lady	British	drama	Michael Winner	Caroline is to be wed to Sir Ralph and invites her sister Barbara to be her bridesmaid. Barbara seduces Ralph, and marries him herself, but, despite her new wealthy situation, she gets bored and turns to highway robbery for thrills. While on the road she meets a famous highwayman, Jerry Jackson, and they continue as a team, but some people begin suspecting her identity and she risks death if she continues her nefarious activities.
Secrets & Lies	British	drama	Mike Leigh	Hortense Cumberbatch, a successful black middle class optometrist in London who was adopted as a child, has chosen to trace her family history after the death of her adoptive mother. After being warned by public officials about the troubles she could face by tracking her birth mother down, she continues her investigation and is baffled to learn that her birth mother is not only white but does not resent her and wants to know more about her past. Her birth mother, Cynthia Purley, is working class and downwardly mobile. Hortense meets her and later meets Cynthia's brother, Maurice Purley, a photographer, his wife Monica, and Cynthia's daughter Roxanne, a street cleaner. At the Purleys', it is evident that severe tensions exist between Roxanne and her mother. Both are frustrated with one another and getting on one another's nerves. Maurice and Monica also experience domestic tensions. Monica comes across as abrupt, but later scenes reveal that she suffers from severe menstrual cramps and Monica makes concerted efforts to placate matters and be contrite. Things are also not well between Maurice and his sister, they are a bit awkward with one another but both look forward to celebrating Roxanne's birthday. Cynthia refers to Maurice affectionately as her little brother and asks him as she always does when he is going to shave. It is clear that Cynthia somehow can survive by the money she receives from Maurice. Hortense rings Cynthia and asks for a 'Cynthia Rose Purley', and starts talking about a baby called Elizabeth Purley, born in 1968. Cynthia realizes that Hortense is her daughter whom she gave up for adoption and hangs up the phone. Hortense is still determined to find out more about her background. She rings Cynthia again and manages to convince her to meet with her. When they finally do, Cynthia feels that a grave mistake has been made. Hortense convinces Cynthia to have a cup of tea. Hortense asks Cynthia to look at a document; she then begins to cry and then states that she is ashamed. Hortense then wants to know who her father is, to which Cynthia refuses to answer. After a while Hortense and Cynthia have struck up a friendship, which is somewhat noticed by Roxanne after seeing her mother going places but not knowing where, since Cynthia is rather secretive about it. Cynthia mentions the birthday party for Roxanne and also gives Hortense a gift. Cynthia asks Maurice if she can bring a mate from work to Roxanne's party. Cynthia relays this information to Hortense who replies that she would feel a bit awkward. Despite these feelings, she agrees to attend and pose as a colleague from work. The day of the barbecue arrives and Monica makes an effort for everyone to feel welcome. Cynthia makes incisive remarks in passing, but making sure that Monica hears them, about the seemingly high expenses that she makes in her house instead of concentrating on giving Maurice a child. Maurice tells Roxanne that she has a good brain and should be in college. Roxanne does not take this suggestion seriously. Everyone gathers for the barbecue and Maurice prepares the food. During the meal Hortense answers many questions which are naturally put to her by the other guests. Hortense says that she is pursuing medical research and endeavors to be evasive. Also present at the barbecue are Maurice's assistant Jane and Roxanne's boyfriend Paul. When Roxanne blows out her birthday candles Cynthia begins to act in an exceptionally nervous manner. She states that Hortense is her daughter. Everyone dismisses this claim and states that she has had too much to drink. However, when Monica inadvertently confirms this as true, Roxanne is horrified and storms out of the house. Maurice attempts to placate matters by confronting Roxanne at a nearby bus stop. He attempts to convince Roxanne to speak to her mother again and Cynthia apologizes to her profusely. Cynthia then explains that she got pregnant at fifteen and her father sent her away due to feeling shame over her pregnancy and after the adoption she never expected Hortense to come back. Cynthia then accuses Monica of being selfish. Maurice reveals that Monica is physically incapable of having children. Maurice then loses his temper and states that he has spent his whole life trying to make people happy and that he cannot take it any more because the ones he loves most hate each other's guts. After witnessing all this Hortense tries to leave but Maurice stops her, admiring her courage for trying to find her own past, although he will not reveal who her father was either. Cynthia then explains that Roxanne's father was an American medical student vacationing in Benidorm. One morning in Benidorm, Cynthia awoke and he had gone. After a while things have calmed down and Hortense is free to visit Cynthia and Roxanne at their home. Hortense reveals that she always wanted a sister. Roxanne reveals that she would be happy to introduce Hortense as her half-sister notwithstanding the long explanations that it would entail. They gather for a visit at Cynthia's, and have tea.
Ek Tukro Chand	Bengali	drama	Pinaki Chowdhury	Raja Roychoudury or Kakababu (as he is better known), the crippled adventurous man and his nephew Santu and his friend Jojo become involved by chance in the case of ‘Ek Tukro Chand’. It seems as if a few pieces of stone or the ‘moon’ are being exhibited at museums all over the world. One such piece of stone has even been brought to Kolkata from U.S.A and is being exhibited at the Indian museum. It is stolen one day. At the same time, Simon Boobumba, the brother of the Prime Minister of Burundi has been kidnapped after he comes to Kolkata.It seems as if both these cases have a link to each other.Kakababu meanwhile is approached by an old associate Narendra Verma, an CBI official who asks him to go to Ranchi and meet Thakur Singh, a feudal lord of that area who might have kidnapped Boobumba.After reaching there and meeting Thakur Singh, he and his gang have a few run ins with Thakur Singh and eventually at one point even the cops arrive, but find that a dummy Boobumba has been kept there. Kakababu and his gang go to the hills where Kakababu receives a call from the gang who have stolen the stone and supposedly also have Boobumba with them. They ask him to get a huge amount of money or otherwise Boobumba will be killed.Kakababu meets them with a briefcase which contains money. They take him to another destination and discover that there is no money. They ask him not to play any tricks. He plays for time and soon the cops arrive there as well. Over there a Sardarji who is part of their gang is discovered by Santu to be none other than Boobumba and he is also the person behind the theft of the stone as it is discovered and is found on him.
Rover, TheThe Rover	Australian	drama	David Michôd	Ten years after a global economic collapse that caused worldwide turmoil, the Australian outback is a lawless wasteland, crime and poverty are common and small military units patrol the outback attempting to maintain what little law and order is left. After a robbery gone wrong, Archie (David Field), Caleb (Tawanda Manyimo) and Henry (Scoot McNairy) flee, leaving behind Henry's injured brother Rey (Robert Pattinson). While driving away, Archie mocks Rey and Henry attacks him, causing Caleb to crash the truck in which they were riding. When they cannot manoeuvre the truck out of debris, they abandon it, and Archie steals the car belonging to mysterious loner Eric (Guy Pearce). Eric manages to free the truck and follows them. After a brief chase, Archie stops and Eric confronts them. When Eric tries to attack Archie, Henry knocks him unconscious with a shotgun. Eric wakes up and drives the truck into town, where he wanders into several establishments, asking if they have seen the men. He goes to an opium den, where he finds a dwarf and two Chinese acrobats from a traveling circus in the backroom. Eric follows the dwarf to his trailer, where he offers Eric a gun for $300. Eric doesn't have $300, so he abruptly shoots the dwarf in the head and leaves with a gun. After another confrontation with the opium den's owner, he walks back to his truck and finds Rey, who asks why he is in Henry's car. Eric asks Rey where Henry is, but Rey faints. After seeking help from a shopkeeper, Eric takes Rey to a doctor (Susan Prior), who performs surgery on him. The doctor cares for abandoned dogs, which seems to interest Eric. The next day, Eric sees two vehicles approaching in the distance, senses threat, and takes the doctor's rifle. The occupants of the vehicles turn out to be the traveling circus members seeking revenge for Eric's murder of the dwarf. They kill the doctor's companion without warning when he comes out to investigate. Eric opens fire and kills the acrobats. Eric then leaves with Rey. Eric and Rey stay at a motel in an almost-abandoned town. While Eric is away from the room, Rey loads a revolver, then sees an Army vehicle driving down the street. He takes cover behind a bed and hears someone attempting to enter the room from outside. He shoots through the door and is shocked to find he has killed the daughter of the motel's owner. He is then shot at by a soldier (Nash Edgerton). Eric comes to the rescue, killing the soldier and driving Rey and himself away. While camping near an abandoned mine, Eric is arrested by a soldier (Anthony Hayes). At a small Army base nearby, he learns he is being transported to Sydney. Eric tells the soldier that after finding his wife with another man, he killed them both; he is angry that the authorities seemed not to notice or care. The soldier ignores him. Rey breaks into the area, kills the two soldiers outside, then the soldier who was processing Eric. Eric and Rey escape. Eric and Rey arrive at the town where Henry and the gang are hiding. They find Eric's car outside a house and break in. Eric holds Archie and Caleb at gunpoint, while Rey goes to confront Henry. After an argument, they shoot at each other; Rey misses, but Henry shoots Rey in the throat. Eric kills Archie and Caleb, before walking into Henry's room and finding Rey's corpse. He shoots Henry in the chest and burns the bodies. Later, Eric pulls to the side of the road in his car. It is revealed that he was obsessed with finding the car because his dog's corpse was in the trunk. The film ends with Eric preparing to bury the dog in the desert.
Gleaming the Cube	American	drama	Graeme Clifford	Brian Kelly is an underachieving high school student in Orange County, California. An avid skateboarder along with many of his friends, Brian is frequently at odds with his parents for his increasingly reckless behavior, which has landed him in jail on more than one occasion. The only person in the family Brian can relate to is his adopted Vietnamese brother Vinh, who works as a shipping clerk for the Vietnamese Anti-Communist Relief Fund (VACRF), an organization whose stated purpose is to send medical supplies to Vietnam. When Vinh discovers a suspicious inaccuracy in VACRF's shipping records, he brings it to his boss Colonel Trac, who dismisses the matter as a clerical error. But when Vinh tries to investigate further, Colonel Trac abruptly fires him. Determined to find out the truth, Vinh sneaks into Westpac Medical Supplies (WMS), the warehouse responsible for VACRF's shipping, but is apprehended by the warehouse's owner, Ed Lawndale. He is then taken to a local motel and interrogated by Lawndale and Bobby Nguyen, another of Colonel Trac's employees. When Colonel Trac himself arrives at the motel, it is revealed that he and Lawndale are conspirators in a scheme to smuggle illegal weapons and ammunition to Vietnam. Convinced that Vinh poses no threat to their operation, Trac intends to set him free, but unfortunately Vinh dies from being strangled by Nguyen. The next morning, a housekeeper enters the room and finds Vinh's body hanging from a noose, staged to look like he committed suicide. After the funeral, Brian finds the same list of medical supplies Vinh was investigating in their room, written in Vietnamese. While looking for someone to translate it, he encounters Bobby Nguyen who immediately begins to follow him. When Nguyen stops to use a pay phone, Brian slips unnoticed into the backseat of his car. In a secluded area, Nguyen meets with Trac and Lawndale and attempts to extort them for $50,000 and plane ticket to Bangkok in exchange for information on Brian. A struggle ensues, and Nguyen is inadvertently shot to death by Lawndale. When Trac and Lawndale depart, Brian flees to notify the police. However, the authorities find no trace of the crime. Brian confides in Detective Al Lucero, believing that his brother did not commit suicide. While skeptical, Lucero offers to do what he can to help. As Brian's suspicion of Colonel Trac grows, he decides to reach out to Trac's daughter Tina, a fellow high school student and Vinh's ex-girlfriend. After an image makeover, Brian asks her out on a date and the two become closer. He attends one of VACRF's social functions with Tina, where he notices Lawndale and learns of his connection to Trac and WMS. Following in his brother's footsteps, Brian sneaks into Lawndale's warehouse and successfully uncovers a cache of weapons in a shipping crate. Taking matters into his own hands, Brian causes an explosion at the warehouse and plants evidence to incriminate Trac, but Lucero immediately suspects Brian and admonishes him for the act. However, the incident causes Trac to panic and send his wife and daughter away to his brother's house, for their own safety. A distressed Tina spends the night with Brian instead and discovers a lighter belonging to her father in Brian's room, leading Brian to explain all his suspicions to her. Tina angrily confronts her father about the conspiracy, who is shamed by his involvement and contacts Lawndale to remove himself from the operation. In response, Lawndale begins to target Brian directly, sending a group of Vietnamese motorcyclists to run him down on the street. The police manage to apprehend the bikers and, with the aid of an interpreter, Lucero is able to confirm Lawndale's role in the attack. Meanwhile, Brian visits his friend Yabbo, who builds a newer, faster skateboard for Brian and rallies the rest of the skateboarding clique. Brian and the police both converge upon Colonel Trac's house, where Lawndale takes Tina hostage at gunpoint. When Trac tries to wrestle the gun away, Brian crashes into the room through the window, but Lawndale shoots and kills Trac before making his escape in a stolen police car. A chaotic chase ensues, with Brian, Lucero, and the entire skateboarding crew eventually cornering Lawndale. As Lawndale prepares to shoot him, Brian soars into the air on his skateboard and knocks him out, injuring himself in the process. At the hospital, Brian tries to comfort Tina in the wake of her father's death and suggests that they go back to school together, implying that their relationship will continue. The film ends with Brian and Lucero visiting Vinh's grave before driving away.
Waterloo Road	British	drama	Sidney Gilliat	A soldier, Jim Colter (Mills), goes AWOL to return to south London to save his wife from the advances of Ted Purvis (Granger), a philandering conscription-dodger.
The Stud	British	drama	Quentin Masters	Fontaine Khaled is the London wife of a wealthy but boring businessman. She spends his money on her nightclub, Hobo, and partying. She hires a manager, Tony, to run her club, but it is understood that his job security is dependent on his satisfying her nymphomaniac demands. Tony loses interest in Fontaine, and turns his attention to her young stepdaughter, who uses him to get back at Fontaine for cheating on her father. Fontaine then dumps Tony and is divorced by her husband for adultery.
Orid hallan (I want a solution)	Egyptian	drama	Said Marzouk	The film unveils the injustice of Egypt's personal status laws against women. Doria an egyptian women is seeking to divorce her husband Methat a former diplomat with aristocratic background. In flashbacks, we learn that Methat verbally and physically abuses his wife and cheats on her. Doria requested divorce, but according to the Egyptian laws, a woman can only ask for divorce in specific cases.
The Longest Nite	Hong Kong	drama	Unknown	Caught in the middle of a fierce gang war in Macao, a corrupt cop named Sam (Tony Leung Chiu-wai) handles negotiations between two Triad leaders who plan to join forces. He meets a suspicious bald man named Tony (Lau Ching-wan), who keeps following him around and disrupting his personal business. But when Sam finds out he's a suspect in a nightclub owner's murder, he's sure his stalker has something to do with it.
Mrigayaa	Bollywood	drama	Mrinal Sen	The plot is set in the 1930s and the film is about a group of tribals who live in a small village in Odisha amidst wild animals like tigers and boars. Apart from the problems faced by the animals that ruin the harvest, they also suffer at the hands of the greedy moneylenders and police informers. Around this time, a newly posted British administrator arrives at the village who happens to be passionate on hunting. He befriends Ghinua, a native tribal who is also an exceptional archer. The two get into a deal where Ghinua will be rewarded if he brings down a big game. The story then focusses on Sholpu, a young revolutionary who surreptitiously comes into the village to meet his mother. Knowing this, the police informer chases him down till he reaches his house, but returns after seeing the whole village turn against him. However, he waits for his turn to punish Sholpu. Suddenly there is a robbery in the village and one policeman is killed. The blame falls on Sholpu and the administrator declares a reward for his head. The informer takes the opportunity and kills Sholpu, thereby claiming the reward. Sholpu's death creates a tension between the tribals and non-tribals. During this time, Dungri, Ghinua's wife, is abducted by a moneylender. Ghinua kills the moneylender to bring his wife back. Thinking that the time has come for the big game, he goes happily to meet the Sahab, the administrator. The Sahab, however, hangs him for committing a murder. Till his death, Ghinua fails to understand why for the same action one is rewarded while the other is punished.
Hungry Hill	British	drama	Brian Desmond Hurst	A feud is waged between two families in Ireland - the Brodricks and the Donovans - over the sinking of a copper mine in Hungry Hill by Copper John Brodrick. The feud has repercussions down three generations.[4] Copper John Brodrick wants to mine copper at Hungry Hill. Of his two sons, Henry is enthusiastic but Greyhound John is reluctant. The mine goes ahead despite opposition of the Donovan family. Fanny Rose flirts with both John and Henry. The Donovans lead a riot at the mine which results in Henry's death. John becomes a lawyer and is the heir to the mine, but is reluctant to take over. He resumes his romance with Fanny Rose.
Boiling Point	American	drama	James B. Harris	This film opens with Treasury officer Jimmy Mercer (Wesley Snipes) and his partner Brady (Dan Hedaya) doing some undercover work, when Mercer's fellow agent is shot and killed by a new man, Ronnie (Viggo Mortensen) that criminal Red Diamond (Dennis Hopper) pulled out of jail. Now on a snap of anger and thoughts of revenge, Mercer wants to find the killer and take him down before he gets transferred to Newark. Although a cop and close colleague claims over dinner that Mercer must do it by the book, Mercer replies that when I'm done with this motherfucker, I'm gonna put him in a box..... by the book. A background theme is the closing of a big band dance emporium called the Palace. Lonely, Red takes hooker Vicky (Lolita Davidovich) there for dancing. Lolita is also involved romantically with Mercer, who is estranged from his ex-wife. Red continues to try to build a relationship with his old girlfriend, waitress Mona, (Valerie Perrine). Typically, he has manipulated and betrayed her in the past. Red is under increasing pressure to repay mob debts to boss Tony Dio (Tony Lo Bianco). He manipulates Ronnie into a crime spree culminating in the murder of the boss and ransacking his apartment. He tells Ronnie to meet him at the palace at 9 PM to split up the money. He asks Mona to meet him there as well. Mercer is building his case against Red and arrives at the murder scene seconds too late. Red is soon arrested and a net is laid for Ronnie at the club At the club Red again manipulates Ronnie in an attempt to escape, yelling gun as he ducks. Ronnie is shot by Mercer in the exchange and Red almost escapes. As Red is taken away in the police car Mona arrives, seeing him pass by. In the last scene Jimmy asks Vicky to leave with him. The epilogue reports that they actually did move to Newark.
Maharaja	Bollywood	drama	Anil Sharma	Fearing his death, Ranbir Singh (Salim Ghouse) decides to kill Kohinoor when he is a child, though in vain. After 20 years, Kohinoor (Govinda) returns to claim his rightful place in the kingdom. He has developed advanced powers over matter and animals, which he uses to his advance to free his nanny, Ameenabi (Aruna Irani) who is being held by Ranbir and his associates. Kohinoor must pass numerous tests, including being exploited by a television reporter, Shaili Mathur (Manisha Koirala), who claims that she loves him; and fight hungry, blinded, man-eating lions.
Namak Haraam	Bollywood	drama	Hrishikesh Mukherjee	The story focuses on two friends, Somu (Rajesh Khanna) and Vicky (Amitabh Bachchan). To avenge the fact that Vicky is insulted by the union leader of his factory, Somu infiltrates the factory as a worker and later the trade union as its leader. However, Somu is moved by the plight of the workers and is influenced by their ideals, which leads to a confrontation between the two friends. This story concentrates on the rise of unions with the backdrop of Mumbai's textile mills and inflation in the early 1970s.
Totally F***ed Up	American	drama	Gregg Araki	The plot is concerned with six teenagers, four of whom are gay men, the other two a traditional lesbian couple. The plot is spliced with segments of other material and occasional tangents not central to the plot, but it mainly follows a linear structure. Araki has constructed the film in 15 parts, which is described in the opening titles. The film details the lives and romances of the six characters, before ultimately culminating at a climax at which there is an epilogue-like reaction from five of the characters before the film ends and the blue font credits appear.
Should a Doctor Tell?	British	drama	Alexander Butler	Dr Aubrey Mather, an advocate for compulsory medical examinations for both the sexes prior to marriage, consents to the marriage of his daughter, Dorothy, to Count Delvo, on condition that he can present a clean bill of health. The Count is revealed to have a general disease. His doctor, Stirling Worth (Fred Oppey), advises him to postpone the wedding but the Count wants to go ahead and tells Dr Worth to remain silent. Worth is in love with Dorothy but agrees to take a bribe and not tell to care for his sick mother. But later, haunted by images of her having a crippled child, he ends up telling on Dr Mather about his patient on the day of the wedding. The Count shoots Dr Worth and he dies in Dorothy's arms.[3][4]
Downhill	British	drama	Alfred Hitchcock	At an expensive English boarding school for boys, Roddy Berwick (Ivor Novello) is School Captain and star rugby player. He and his best friend Tim Wakely (Robin Irvine) start seeing a waitress Mabel (Annette Benson). Out of pique, she tells the headmaster that she is pregnant and that Roddy is the father. In fact it was Tim, who cannot afford to be expelled because he needs to win a scholarship to attend Oxford University. Promising Tim that he will never reveal the truth, Roddy accepts expulsion. Returning to his parents’ home, he finds that his father Sir Thomas Berwick (Norman McKinnel) believes him guilty of the false accusation.[1] Leaving home, Roddy finds work as an actor in a theatre. He marries the leading actress Julia Fotheringale (Isabel Jeans) after inheriting £30,000 from a relation. The unfaithful Julia secretly continues an affair with her leading man Archie (Ian Hunter) and discards Roddy after his inheritance is exhausted. He becomes a gigolo in a Paris music hall but soon quits over self-loathing at romancing older women for money. Roddy ends up alone and delirious in a shabby room in Marseilles. Some sailors take pity on him and ship him back home, possibly hoping for reward. Roddy's father has learned the truth about the waitress's false accusation during his son's absence and joyfully welcomes him back. Roddy resumes his previous life.
Little Golden Book Land	American	drama	Unknown	Scuffy the Tugboat and his friends race against time to help fix the hole in the breakwater at Harbortown before the next storm arrives.
Harrison Bergeron	American	drama	Unknown	Harrison Bergeron lives in a typical suburban town in the year 2053. The audience is told that after the second American Revolution—a war begun due to an ongoing economic depression that was a result of a combination of technological advancement and a widening disparity between the very rich and the very poor—it was mandated that all people be equal in all things. To this end, the social norm of this society has become egalitarianism. Citizens strive to be of equal wealth, intelligence, athletic prowess and social status to all around them. Through a process of selective breeding, mankind is perfecting the perfectly average human being. What is not accomplished through arranged marriages is made up for through technological means, the most prominent of which are only showing mind numbing shows on TV, and a headband device worn by all citizens which modulates intelligence, dialing up or down a person's IQ in order to arrive at a 'perfect' 100. There are limits to the success of the devices, however, and Harrison Bergeron is one such case. He is a total failure in school, consistently receiving A's (C is the desired grade). Even though he has been held back four years and his headband is consistently modified to dampen his intelligence, he still continues to excel to the embarrassment of him and his family. Harrison goes to see a doctor about his intelligence problem, and after several tests it is determined that the headband is unsuccessful because Harrison's synaptic connections reroute themselves after each adjustment in order to overcome the inhibitions the headband is designed to place on the thought process. He is told that he will have to have an operation akin to a lobotomy in order to permanently lower his intelligence. In his last day with a fully functioning brain, he goes to a head house, where, in a parody of a bordello, men make plans to make high-end educational conversation with exceptionally smart women. Illegal device-free women are paid to play chess and conduct intelligent conversations with the clients. Unfortunately, his first intelligent conversation ever (with mind whore Phillipa) is interrupted by a police bust. While the raid on the police station is underway Phillipa addresses a hidden camera saying, not to take him away, and that she likes him. While being held captive in the police station, he is approached by a special agent who offers him an alternative to the lobotomy - to join what turns out to be the secret elite that runs the government. Harrison falls in love with Phillipa there, but he illegally impregnates her and she is lobotomized for trying to escape. He feels he can no longer continue to betray his values and decides to take action. He breaks into a TV studio and reveals the truth about the secret society to the viewers. Eventually, the guards break through, and later on he is forced to make an appearance on TV and pretend the broadcast was not real. Instead, he uses his chance to commit suicide by shooting himself in front of the viewers. The story is framed by an additional perspective from Bergeron's parents, who are watching the incident on TV, but who, because of his father's handicapping due to his superior intelligence and his mother's less than average intelligence, cannot concentrate enough to appreciate what occurs nor remember it. In a final scene, a young boy and his friend get together in his bedroom to watch the first four hours of Bergeron's broadcast, without their bands. Downstairs, one boy's mother looks up the stairs with a look of recognition on her face; she is seen to be Phillipa.
Annadata	Bollywood	drama	Asit Sen	Amba Prasad, a rich man, is supposed to have died in a car crash and all his relatives gather to find out how much they can inherit. A poor girl he literally brought up like a daughter claims to be carrying his baby, under pressure from her greedy parents. However, it turns out that Amba Prasad is very much alive. His lawyer makes him see the harsh reality that none of his so-called relatives were there to pay respect to him, but to get his money. Disheartened, he leaves his house with his faithful dog. He ends up in a little village and meets an artist (Anil Dhawan), who paints a portrait of Amba Prasad sleeping under a tree guarded by his dog. He assumes that Amba Prasad is a poor man and pays him. Later, Amba Prasad faints as he is exhausted. The dog brings Aarti to help his master. Soon Amba Prasad becomes a part of Aarti's family, the only other member of it being Aarti's little brother, who is disabled. Aarti makes medicines and gives it to the villagers and refuses to take money for her services. Her only income is from typing and stitching clothes for people. Arun and Aarti love each other. However, Arun realizes that he is just a poor artist and can never support Aarti and her brother and help her pay her debts, when he can barely manage to look after himself and his mother. Hence, he tries to find a rich husband for Aarti. Aarti refuses to even consider this. At the end of the movie, they realize how rich Amba Prasad is. However, neither Aarti nor Arun are interested in his wealth. Seeing their love, Amba Prasad decided to stay with them till the end of his life.
Shaayad	Bollywood	drama	Unknown	The story begins with Dr Rakesh (Vijayendra Ghatge) joining the Maharaja Yeshwantrao Chikitsalaya. He goes to meet his ex-flame Sudha (Neeta Mehta) at her place where she stays with her husband Saroj Kumar (Naseeruddin Shah) and daughter Aastha (Manisha Munshi). Saroj and Rakesh become good friends but Rakesh is sad to meet his ex-flame Sudha as someone else's wife. He goes in flashback mode and recalls the days when they were romancing and planning to marry. When Rakesh asks Sudha's hand from her mother (Nadira), she mentions that she had been a prostitute all her life and would his parents accept Sudha, being the daughter of a prostitute as their bahu. If they accept Sudha then she has no problem. Rakesh assures her that there will be no hassles in that but later when Rakesh meets Sudha, he informs her that his parents refused to accept her as his bride but he is willing to marry her. She spurns his offer saying that without his parents blessings, they cannot marry each other. Rakesh visits Sudha and Saroj frequently and finds that Saroj, who is a chain-smoker and a writer by profession, has coughing bouts very often. He advises Saroj to get admitted for 3 days in his hospital so that he can carry out various tests to ascertain his ailment. Saroj gets admitted though not willingly and finds the hospital confinement, injections and medicines very disgusting. The test reports confirm that he has lung cancer and that too in an advanced stage. When Rakesh breaks this news to Sudha and Saroj, they are shattered. Rakesh assures them that he will do his best to treat Saroj. Sister Mazy (Farida Jalal) is very popular and active in the hospital but has to leave daily at 6 in the evening to meet her boy-friend. One day, she is admitted in the same hospital due to gangrene in her knee. Her leg has to be amputated. One of the patients, Nandlal (Om Puri) is a chain beedi-smoker and is always up to mischief along with fellow patients. He keeps moving around the hospital asking beedis and matches from others. He befriends Saroj and borrows magazines from him for reading. In between, a hooch tragedy occurs and several victims are brought for admission in the hospital. There is a sudden spurt of serious patients and their kith and kin. Several die during treatment and the atmosphere in the hospital is one of grief, trauma and doom. Among the victims is Saroj's close friend Aatish Indori (Bharat Kapoor). Saroj is aggrieved to see his friend die in his arms. As time passes, Saroj's condition worsens and he repeatedly asks Rakesh to poison him to death as he cannot suffer the pain. Rakesh is shocked and gives solace to Saroj to endure and live on. Sudha gives full mental support to Saroj so that he finds reason to live. She beseeches Rakesh to do his best as a doctor. However, Saroj keeps requesting Rakesh to kill him and relieve him from the pain. Rakesh imagines the pain Saroj is undergoing and ponders over mercy-killing. He discusses the matter with his colleagues, who feel shocked at Rakesh's thinking. Saroj asks Sudha to marry someone after his demise and asks her to come to him attired as a bride. She does so and they share very happy moments in each other's arms. Rakesh sees her outside in the corridor coming out of the hospital room in her bridal dress and feels drawn to her and beseeches her to marry him after Saroj's death as he still loves her. She admonishes him for such thinking and goes off in disgust. Next day, she finds Rakesh standing gloomily in the corridor outside Saroj's room. She gets panicky and rushes in to find Saroj's lifeless body in the bed. She suspects Rakesh for killing Saroj. Police come to arrest Rakesh as post-mortem report mentioned that death was due to excessive morphine. The morphine injection ampules issued to Rakesh also seemed to be missing and unaccounted. The scene moves to the court where the Prosecution lawyer (Iftekhar) and Defence attorney (Simi Garewal) examine and cross-examine various witnesses before the judge (Achyut Potdar). The accused Rakesh seems to be sure to get convicted. One day, Nandlal discovers a suicide not written by Saroj to his wife Sudha in the magazine he quietly borrowed from Saroj from under his pillow, when he was asleep. He quickly rushes to the court and hands it over to the Defence attorney. She produces the note before the judge who acquits Rakesh by dismissing the criminal case after going through the note. The film ends with Rakesh, Sudha and her daughter Aastha shown together.
Song of Freedom	British	drama	J. Elder Wills	The first part of the film's story takes place in the year 1700 on an island called Casanga off the west coast of Africa. The island has not yet attracted the attention of the slave traders on the mainland, but its people are suffering fierce oppression under their hereditary queen Zinga - a tyrant, despot, and mistress of cruelty. What first appears on screen is a grassland landscape in which men of an African tribe are patrolling, with haystacks and rugged hills in the background. Into this scene there comes a bare-chested young African, as strong as a bull, looking around him cautiously. Next we see the brutal Queen Zinga, wearing a leopard-skin dress, a straw hat, and a shell necklace on which hangs a medallion, a symbol of kingship. Laughing vigorously, she is teasing a man tied on a wooden column, who is supposed to be the king of Casanga. Zinga takes off the necklace and puts it on the man's neck, taunting him as a one-second king and trying to kill him straight away. Suddenly, a girl, apparently frustrated by the cruelty of the planned execution, rushes towards the queen, grabs the medallion, and runs off. Astonished, the queen orders her soldiers to catch the fleeing girl and to recover the medallion. However, with the help of the strong young man seen at the beginning of the film, she is able to escape from the soldiers and the two get onto a raft to row it to the mainland. Once there, they turn to a white slave-trader for help. The slaver happily accepts them into his camp and adds them to his chain. Then, along with all the other blacks the slaver has acquired, the couple is filled with anxiety and fear. Sent to England by boat to begin their new life, they are not sure what is in store for them. Time runs on and historical events unfold, such as the abolition of the slave trade in the British Empire in 1807. But not until 1838 did the slaves themselves are free from the oppressing situation and the social status for blacks start to improve. Chains and handcuffs are destroyed, ropes and whips are burned, and a seemingly brand new story begins, centring on John Zinga, a black dockworker in England with a great baritone singing voice. His singing impresses all his colleagues on the wharf. Children in his apartment block fall asleep soundly when he sings, but he himself doesn’t realize what use he can make use of his voice. In fact, what keeps hovering in his mind is the eagerness to discover his true origins and to help his own people, although he doesn’t know who they are. Zinga always considers himself out of place in London and is often blamed by his wife for being ‘not satisfied’, but never does he change his mind. Finally, one day an opera impresario hears him singing and tries his best to find out about him. And in a pub, while Zinga is being invited by the owner to sing the song Lonely Road, Gabriel Donizetti, the famous impresario, comes quietly in from the door and sits in the audience, watching, listening, and enjoying the beautiful song. No more docker, but a great career Donizetti promises Zinga, who is shocked and surprised since he thinks he can achieve his dream of travelling back to Africa by this chance. They shake hand with each other and Donizetti leaves a card for Zinga to come to his hotel room the next day. Zinga can’t wait to go. The next day he dresses in a suit, apparently for the first time since he both walks and acts in a lame and inappropriate way. Zinga's wife is also with him to deal with the hotel managers. In the end they find the way to Donizetti’s room and he starts a series of tests and introduces several skills to help Zinga to improve his singing. At first Zinga is reluctant to accept these instructions, like ‘breathing from the stomach’ and ‘singing from the breast’, claiming that he knows how to sing. And he fights against singing in a suit, since he doesn’t feel ‘free’. His voice significantly lacks emotion compared to when he sings freely with friends and in a pub about his homeland in Africa. But after his wife’s comforting, mainly focussing on the chance of travelling back to Africa, he is persuaded to follow those doctrinaire rules and techniques. After long training and practice, Zinga becomes an international opera star and succeeds in all kind of concerts and dramas. This brings him wealth and fame that he has never dreamt of. Yet he feels alienated from his African past, always being sarcastic towards his slave-born identity as his being referred as the Negro King. One day after a great performance, Zinga is instructed to give a speech about what he feels about his success. Not good at public speaking, he sings an old song derived from his long lost childhood memory that he barely remembers and has to put some words into it. In the song, he himself is regarded as a ‘wanderer’ and ‘hears the cold fell by his people’. John has a feeling that by singing the song he may find out some information about his origins, which means much to him. The result does not fail him. The song is moving and invokes one of the audience’s memories about the song. He comes to the dressing room at the back of the stage and talk to John about what he knows. John then finds out that his ancestor belongs to the island of Casanga, located on the west coast of Africa. The man from the audience, Pele, was the only white man to escape from the island since it was dominated by a brutal queen, and it is now ruled by a wicked witch doctor. And the song John sang was the secret song passed on by every king, regarded as the Song of Freedom of the Casanga people. Pele also tells Zinga the medallion hanging on his neck, which he got from his father and his father had from his great-grandfather, is the symbol of the kingship-----he, John Zinga, is the king of his people. Hearing that his people are still uncivilized on the island, Zinga’s idea of going back to his homeland to help his people became even more fixed. At this time Donizetti happens to come in and tells John some good news - a new contract to work in the great New York City Zinga refuses to go to New York to carry on his singing career since he considers his people bigger than his success. Donizetti is mad about Zinga leaving his career, but cannot stop him from crossing the ocean to come to the little island in Africa. When Zinga arrives on the island he, his wife and a servant are not trusted by the aboriginals, even though they have the same skin color and Zinga has the medallion which proves him the king, he and his fellows are still considered out-comers, strangers or even bad guys coming from the whites’ country. That’s far from Zinga’s expectation, which lets him down for a time. His servant wants to resign and tell him to give up, even himself thinks the place is too primitive and his people are too hard to change. But his wife stands on his side and encourages him ‘the worse things are, the more you can change.’ Soon he cheers up and waits for his chance in a shabby dome. And it comes. Zinga found out that the witch doctor locks patients up instead of treating them for the lack of medicine. The witch doctor also announces that when a person gets sick - no matter a fever or cancer - he’s dead rather than ill. To deal with this inhuman act, Zinga gives the patient Penicillin and tries to heal them. Some of the people start to believe in Zinga. They tell him I’m your man, but you can be no king. But this doesn’t last long when the witch doctor began to form various rituals to cast the ‘disaster’ the out comers brought to the island. What’s worse is that the people’s trust on Zinga diminishes since the patients he tried to cure all die. To break the superstition Zinga interrupts the rites, attempting to show that no taboos are going to act on him, but is scolded by the crowds. Therefore, the witch doctor come up with a task of bringing the rain. He claims that by rituals he can always bring rains to the island, then the gods and ghosts will be satisfied and cast no disaster and diseases to the men and women; yet Zinga points out frankly that the cause of disease is the bacteria and germs in the river and he cannot bring rains but he can help saving the rain. And he begins to illustrate the amazing life brought by technology improvement from the other side of the ocean. With the help of his followers, more and more and people of the clan believe in him. The witch doctor is so angry that he jumps up and down to try to scare people from getting in touch with Zinga. While they are debating, Zinga’s wife ran out and shouted to the witch doctor to support her husband. But that violate the taboo of not letting women to join the ritual and the witch doctor feels perfectly justified to put Zinga’s wife in the basement. Zinga, who tried to protect his wife, is also tied up by the army. They are going to execute both of them the next day. And by the moonlight, Zinga’s wife sang miserably to him to show her dismay. Zinga’s followers bring him his gun but he refuses it. He determines not to use force to hurt his people but convince them in other way. Next day the ritual is being held. The witch doctor performs different kinds of tricks, such as fire swallowing to intimidate his people, so that Zinga’s followers are afraid to rescue them. Both Zinga and his wife are tied onto a wooden pole, waiting to be killed, just as hundreds of years ago, the evil in charge of the island and win against the justice. Then the drums for the execution start, and the rhythm starts to sound increasingly familiar to Zinga. It’s the Song of Freedom, the secret song passed on by each king of the island. He can’t help but start singing the Song and sings so well that the crowds turn astonishment to appreciation and admiration. He’s the king!! Someone from the crowd shouts out and the people eventually believe he is the king and are willing to listen to him. Zinga wins against the witch doctor at last and achieves his dream. He goes back to America and frequently brings back medicine and technology of all kinds, helping his people to be civilized and educated. At the end of the movie, Zinga picks up his career as a singer again and performs the song he sang a long time ago, Lonely Road on a stage decorated as his little island, referring to his achieving his dream and the help he brought to his people, leading them to a better life.
Karanliktakiler	Turkish	drama	Çağan Irmak	Egemen is an advertising agency clerk in his thirties who has to share a roof with his mentally ill mother, Gülseren. Having to endure his mother’s anxieties and mental black outs, his only outlet is his workplace; where he feels he can breathe and escape the hell that is his home, even if it is for a little while. But Egemen’s amorous interest in his boss Umay unveils little by little just how much Gulseren has emotionally damaged her son.
Mere Sajana Saath Nibhana	Bollywood	drama	Rajesh Vakil	Mere Sajana Saath Nibhana is the story of a simpleton (Mithun) and his love for Juhi Chawla. The third angle is provided by Shantipriya. Prem Chopra plays the villain, who has an eye on Juhi Chawla.
Luxury Car	Chinese	drama	Wang Chao	The film follows an old man from the countryside who goes to Wuhan to search for his missing son, who his dying wife has requested to see one last time. In Wuhan, he meets his daughter, a karaoke bar escort who introduces him to an old police officer who offers to help. It soon becomes apparent to both the father and the policeman that the mobsters running the daughter's karaoke bar and the son's disappearance are linked.
Call Girl	Bollywood	drama	Vijay Kapoor	Amar returns from abroad and is asked by his multi-millionaire dad, Sonachand, to assist with their family business; Amar agrees to do so, on the condition that he could spend the rest of the evening and night doing what he likes - painting. He meets with a beautiful young woman by the name of Kamini, who at first does not disclose her name to him because she is a call girl. However, Amar names her Maya and falls in love with her. When he attempts to introduce her to his parents, on reaching his house his mother accepts her, but there she sees his father's (Sonachand's) photo and she recalls that he is the same person who had forced her into prostitution by promising her a job. He'd had an intimate relationship with her years ago and threatened her to get into this business, or else he would kidnap her sister who studies in a boarding school in Panchgani and throw her into this business. But now, Kamini/Maya has decided to leave this profession. But Sonachand does not want Amar to get married to a call girl. So he tells Kamini to act like a call girl once again so that Amar leaves her. Kamini agrees to do so, because she doesn't want Amar to face problems from society as well as his family. But on the same night, Sonachand sees that his own daughter Usha has taken to prostitution. Meanwhile, Amar comes to know the truth about his dad and he shuns him. His dad shoots himself because of his guilt and Amar leaves his house to go to find Kamini, and sees that she has consumed poison and is about to die. So Kamini dies and Amar is left alone.
Lovesong	American	drama	So Yong Kim	Sarah (Riley Keough) is a stay at home mom whose husband frequently travels for work and is dismissive of Sarah's concerns about his absences. Overwhelmed by the isolation of taking care of her toddler daughter, she calls her best friend Mindy (Jena Malone), whom she has not seen in years, and the two depart on an impromptu roadtrip together with Sarah's toddler daughter. The two women discuss their different lifestyles with Sarah believing that Mindy is free-spirited and promiscuous. After a night recalling their sexual experiences in college, the two end up kissing, which leads to them being physically intimate. The day after, Mindy is hurt after Sarah seems to treat the experience nonchalantly, thinking it happened due to the spark of the moment and Mindy's promiscuity. When they stop at a convenience store, Mindy purchases a ticket back to her home in New York City and abruptly leaves. After three years of little contact, Mindy invites Sarah to her wedding. Sarah is now separated from her husband. Sarah at first feels left out and isolated as she is disconnected from Mindy and her life. However, after Mindy invites herself to Sarah's hotel room the two begin to reconnect. At Mindy's bachelorette party the two end up sharing a kiss. The day of Mindy's wedding the two go for a walk and discuss their roadtrip, the night that they slept together, and the three years of absence. Mindy feels sorry for leaving, and they tell one another they love each other. Nevertheless, Mindy goes forward with her wedding.
My Son the Fanatic	British	drama	Udayan Prasad	The plot of the film revolves around Parvez (Om Puri), a Pakistani-born taxi driver and a tolerant, secular Muslim. His life takes an unexpected dark turn when his son Farid converts to fundamentalist Islam, leading to a family breakdown and social conflict. According to Rachel Donadio, a New York Times writer and editor, the film's theme is encapsulated in a pivotal scene:
The Passionate Friends	British	drama	David Lean	The story is told through episodes of memories by the woman (Mary, played by Ann Todd) while on holiday in Switzerland waiting for her banker husband Howard (Claude Rains) to join her from his business. It has been nine years since they have been on holiday, but also nine years since she last talked to the man she is in love with (Steven, played by Trevor Howard), who unknowing to her has been booked into the adjoining room. The narrative then goes into the past and tells of the love between Mary and Steven. While Mary loves Steven, she refuses to marry him, believing that a marriage of love would be too stifling, while Steven tells her that two people in love should want to 'belong to each other'. Mary insists that she wants only to 'belong to herself' and runs away as Steven tells her that her life would then be 'a failure'. She then marries Howard, who gives her affection, stability and security. When they meet again nine years later on New Year's Eve, Steven is with his-then girlfriend while Mary is with Howard. Howard dryly pretends not to recognise Steven 'So the enemy wouldn't know he was being observed'. Steven later pursues Mary again and almost persuades her to change her mind and leave Howard. While Howard accepts his wife's socialising with Steven, he notices they have forgotten their tickets for the theatre. They then lie to him when he inquires of their evening. In a dramatic scene Steven tells Howard Mary is in love with him and Howard should step aside, while Mary asks him to leave so she can talk things over with Howard. Mary sends Steven a letter, but Steven goes to their residence and demands to see Mary. He sees Howard first, who tells him he knows and understands Mary, while Steven, despite being in love, hardly knows Mary at all. Howard understands that their marriage is not one of love, but one of affection and mutual freedom. Howard is confident that a marriage of love, where partners 'belong' to each other, was not what Mary wants, and all that is needed is for Mary and Steven to stay away from each other. Mary later confirms what Howard said and runs away before Steven can dissuade her. The narrative returns to the holiday in the Swiss Alps as Mary and Steven innocently meet again. Howard is once more absent due to banking work, and with Steven having a half a day before he has to return to London, they go by boat and cable car to picnic on a mountain. They talk of their lives and Steven reveals that he has two children with his wife. Mary asks him if he is happy, and seems happier herself that he is, but mixed expressions tell of regrets, as if she wishes herself in his wife's place. When they return from the mountain, Howard has arrived early and happens to see them disembarking the boat together. As he goes to the couple's suite, he notices the porter taking Steven's suitcase from the adjoining room and is filled with suspicion. His pride is further hurt when Mary rushes by him to the terrace, not realising he is there, to wave goodbye enthusiastically to Steven. He storms out when Mary turns and sees him, her feelings revealed on her face, and soon files for divorce against her, alleging adultery. Mary tries to warn Steven about the divorce action, but he is served with process just as Steven's wife goes to see Steven off a train. Steven's family life is plunged into havoc. Mary decides she must save Steven and, meeting him for the last time, pretends that Howard has withdrawn the divorce, so that Steven can go back to his wife and happy life. She goes to Howard, asking him to stop the divorce by telling him nothing happened in the Swiss hotel and she was innocent of the adjoining room to Steven. Howard then tells her the divorce is not about that. He had not expected love from their marriage, but only affection and some loyalty. Instead he was given 'the love you'd give a dog, the kindness you'd show a beggar, and the loyalty of a bad servant'. Yelling for Mary to get out, he loses his temper and breaks a vase. He quickly calms down and retracts what he said in genuine remorse, revealing that he has developed the very type of romantic love for Mary that he has always disdained, but Mary has already left. Mary runs from the house and walked through a London Underground station in a trance. Standing on a platform with an incoming train heading West London, she dazedly contemplates the tracks. As the train approaches she draws dangerously close to the platform edge, but just as she is about to leap, someone catches her round the waist. It is Howard (her husband), who has come after her. He holds her as she shakes and the couple reconcile on the platform.
Farewell My Concubine	Chinese	drama	Chen Kaige	As the film opens, a street crowd watches a troupe of boys perform Peking opera, supervised by their aging director, Master Guan. When one of the boys, Laizi attempts to run away, another boy performer Shitou (literally meaning stone) placates the crowd by breaking a brick on his head; the crowd cheers, but Shitou is later punished for the stunt. A prostitute begs Master Guan to accept her son in the troupe. Master Guan initially objects him because of his superfluous finger. She then uses a cleaver to cut her son's superfluous finger and manages to sign the contract. Shitou welcomes the newcomer as Douzi(literally meaning bean), and the two boys become friends. A few years pass. Laizi and Douzi run away as they cannot bear the toughness of the training. When they are on the street, they witness a performance by an opera master that inspires them to return to the troupe. They find Shitou being beaten for allowing their escape, and Douzi accepts his punishment as Master Guan beats him mercilessly. Shitou tries to intervene, when an assistant informs them that Laizi has hanged himself. Douzi attaches himself to Shitou and is trained to play dan (female) roles. Shitou learns the jing, a type of painted-face male leading role. When Douzi practises the line I am by nature a girl, not a boy in Dreaming of the World Outside the Nunnery, he keeps mistakes the line into I am by nature a boy.... When he repeats this mistake in front of an agent who might fund the troupe, Shitou viciously jams Master Guan's brass tobacco pipe in Douzi's mouth as punishment,[4] causing his mouth to bleed. Douzi looks dazed, but whispers, I am by nature a girl... not a boy. The troupe cheer, having secured the agent.[5] The eunuch Zhang appreciates their performance and summons Shitou and Douzi for an audience. Shitou admires a beautiful sword in Zhang's collection, stating that if he were emperor, Douzi would be his queen. Douzi responds that one day he hopes to give Shitou a sword like that. Douzi is to meet Zhang alone, and catches him in a lascivious embrace with a young girl. Douzi is afraid as the man eyes him up and down, and seeks to be with Shitou, but Zhang catches him and pushes him to the ground. Hours later he emerges, and Shitou cannot get him to say a word. It is clear that Douzi has been sexually assaulted. On their way home, Douzi spies an abandoned baby, and despite Master Guan's urging that we each have our own fate (yuanfen) Douzi adopts the baby and eventually Master Guan trains him. Douzi and Shitou become Peking opera stars under the stage names Cheng Dieyi and Duan Xiaolou. One of their hit performances is the play Farewell My Concubine where Dieyi plays the concubine Consort Yu and Xiaolou plays the romantic hero Xiangyu. The adult Dieyi is in love with Xiaolou, but the sexual aspects of his affection are not returned. A patron, Yuan Shiqing, slowly courts Dieyi. Xiaolou takes a liking to Juxian, a headstrong courtesan at the upscale House of Blossoms. Xiaolou intervenes when a mob of drunk men harass Juxian and says that they are announcing their engagement. Juxian later buys her freedom from her own savings and, deceiving him into thinking she was thrown out, pressures Xiaolou to keep his word. When Xiaolou announces their engagement, Dieyi and Xiaolou have a falling-out. Dieyi calls her Pan Jinlian (a dragon lady from the novel Golden Lotus). Dieyi takes up with Master Yuan, who gives him Zhang's sword. An aged Master Guan shames them into re-forming the troupe. The complex relationship between these three characters is then tested in the succession of political upheavals that encompass China from the onset of the Second Sino-Japanese War. The film also follows the fates of Na Kun, who turns his theater troupe over to the new government after 1949, and the abandoned baby, called Xiao Si (literally meaning little fourth brother), who is trained in dan roles. Xiao Si and Douzi have an argument about the physical punishments in the training, at the end of which Xiao Si threatens revenge. At a performance of the play Farewell My Concubine, the role of the Consort Yu is usurped by Xiao Si with Xiaolou's complicity. Betrayed, Dieyi leaves and becomes addicted to opium. Later, Xiaolou and Juxian helps him to recover and the troupe surrounds him to congratulate his return to health. On the eve of the Cultural Revolution, Shitou and Juxian are seen burning now-contraband literature and clothing. They make love with Dieyi witnessing from the window. The scene shifts to Shitou being questioned by the Red Guards on a few allegedly unpatriotic words he said years ago. Xiao Si is seen in the background, seemingly in a position of power. The entire opera troupe is taken out in public for a humiliating struggle session by the Red Guards. Under duress, Shitou confesses that Douzi performed for the Japanese army and may have had a relationship with Yuan Shiqing. Enraged, Douzi tells the mob that Juxian was a prostitute. Shitou is forced to admit that he married a prostitute but swears that he doesn't love her and will never see her again. Juxian is crushed to hear his words and commits suicide. Xiao Si is seen in a gym practising Consort Yu's role, happy over having usurped Douzi's position, but the group of Red Guards catches him in the act and his fate is unclear. The film then jumps to Douzi and Shitou's reunion in 1977. They are practising Farewell My Concubine, and their relationship seems to have mended since the tribunal and suicide of Shitou's wife. They exchange a smile and Shitou begins with the line that gave Douzi trouble forty years ago. Douzi makes the same error of finishing the line with I am not a girl. Shitou corrects him and they continue practising. Douzi then commits suicide using the sword in the play.
Yeh Gulistan Hamara	Bollywood	drama	Atma Ram	India is worried about its north eastern residents who are cut off from the mainland and are generally backward, illiterate and under developed. The government appoints special officer-cum-civil engineer Vijay (Dev Anand) to construct a bridge over a river next to the tribal village of Ding in the north eastern part of India. Ding is ruled by the cruel and autocratic Deng Do Rani (Pran) and his henchmen Haku (Jankidas), Teju (Sujit Kumar) and trusted fighter Soo Reni (Sharmila Tagore), a beautiful girl. Deng Do Rani wants to sabotage the construction and sends Soo Reni and other warriors to demolish the bridge. They are captured by Vijay's officers and treated with respect and equality. Deng Do Rani sends others to kill the band captured, and the Indian Officers under the leadership of Vijay fight bravely to protect them. Soo Reni and her companions have a change of heart and pledge to support Vijay in his mission. Vijay and Soo Reni also fall in love with each other.
Anuradha	Assamese	drama	Rakesh Sharma	The movie is based on the central character Anuradha (Meghranjani). It is about a woman abandoned by her husband to lead an unexpected solitary life in the laps of nature. The movie showcases different inner conflicts in various female characters in a male dominated Indian society. This movie explores different female mythological characters of Indian culture like Kunti, Shakuntala, Chitangada, Supornakha etc. and analyse their relevance to the common present day women.
 Downriver	Australian	drama	Grant Scicluna	James is a young man who suffers from epilepsy and has recently been granted parole from the juvenile detention centre in which he has spent the last eight years. When he was ten, he drowned a little boy, Chris McCarthy, in a river at a caravan park, although the body was never found. After being released, he returns to the caravan park in order to find and return the body to the grieving mother. He moves into the old cabin he used to live in with his mother and befriends Damien, the boy next door. James tells Damien that Chris had been his brother. He is eventually joined at the park by his mother Paige and her new boyfriend, Wayne. Paige tells Wayne that James is her nephew and that her son died. Despite the fact that his family took out a restraining order against James, James is approached by his former friend Anthony. Anthony was with him when he killed Chris and gave evidence that convicted James, leading to animosity between them. Anthony has turned into a lazy, drug-addicted hustler. He tries to dissuade James from looking for the body, reasoning that the local wild dogs probably took it. James refuses and in retaliation, Anthony seduces Damien. James and Damien visit Mary, a local woman who keeps several dogs, to ask her about the possibility of the wild dogs taking the body. She dismisses the idea and mentions that Anthony and another boy, Ray, killed one of her dogs a few years back. Wracked with guilt, Ray came to her to confess. James then visits Ray and asks him about the dog they killed. Ray admits that he and Anthony were playing in the tunnels under the bridge with the dog until Anthony tricked the dog into jumping into a hole from which it couldn't escape. This gives James the idea that Anthony hid Chris's body in the tunnels under the bridge. James discusses his search with Paige. She reveals that after the drowning, James had an epileptic fit and Anthony got him help, not leaving his side until many hours later. This leads James to realise that Anthony could not have hidden the body. James organises a fishing trip with Damien's family and Wayne near the bridge. He sneaks off and explores the tunnels. Though he finds the hole Ray mentioned, it is filled with water and he is unable to search it further. When he returns to the others, Damien reveals that Chris didn't have any brothers and guesses that James was his killer. He tells him to stay away from his family. The stress causes James to have a fit in the water and he nearly drowns. When they return to the park, Wayne reveals to Paige that he knows James is her son. Finally James visits Amos, who owns the local shop and has been blackmailed by Anthony for many years. Amos reveals that Anthony and his brother Joe once had a younger sister, Bettina, who suddenly disappeared one day and the family never spoke of her again. In the meantime, Damien goes to Anthony's house. Anthony is away so he talks to his father Gianni. His attempts at conversation, relating a story Anthony told him about a drowned baby, raise Gianni's suspicions. Gianni knocks Damien unconscious and Joe drives him away in the car. When Anthony returns home later, Gianni beats him and questions him about what he has been saying about his sister, someone Anthony clearly doesn't remember. James returns home to Paige and tearfully reveals what happened the day of the drowning. Anthony, with vague recollections of Bettina, had asked James to 'steal him a sister'. They had selected Chris, lured him away from his family, and played with him on the riverbank until Anthony started abusing Chris and pressured James to drown the boy before they got in trouble for their 'theft'. Paige then remembers that although Anthony was there all evening, he did speak to Joe, giving Joe an opportunity to move the body. Joe and Anthony then arrive and attempt to blackmail James into abandoning his search by beating Damien. This makes James even more determined to bring the family to justice. James and Damien escape to Mary's house, where they reconcile. The next morning, James returns to the tunnels under the bridge with Damien and Mary, along with ropes and torches. James climbs down into the water filled hole and eventually finds Chris's body, along with an even more decomposed body of a little girl, presumably Bettina.[7]
Late Blossom	South_Korean	drama	Unknown	The movie revolves around four senior citizens living in a hillside village. Kim Man-seok is a cranky milkman with a short fuse and a foul mouth. He wakes the village early each morning with his noisy, battered motorcycle. He meets Song Ee-peun, who scavenges for scrap paper while roaming around the town at daybreak. As they meet again and again, they slowly develop feelings for each other. Ms. Song parks her handcart at a junkyard and sees Jang Kun-bong, the caretaker of the parking lot next to the scrap yard. One day, Kun-bong wakes up late and forgets to lock his door and asks Ms. Song to fasten it for him. Meanwhile, Jang’s Alzheimer's-afflicted wife Soon-yi wanders around the town, ending up on the back of Man-seok’s motorbike.[5]
Graffiti Bridge	American	drama	Prince	The plot continues with The Kid, living future life as an upbeat performer and co-owner of a club, Glam Slam, which was willed to him from Billy, who was the owner of First Avenue Club in the first film. Solitary and lovelorn, he spends his personal time composing songs, and writing letters to his deceased father. The other co-owner who was included in the will is Morris (Morris Day), his rival who now also owns his own club, Pandemonium, while desiring control of the other two clubs in the Seven Corners area, which are Melody Cool and the Clinton Club. Needing to pay the mayor of Seven Corners $10,000, Morris attempts to extort The Kid – by threatening to take full ownership of Glam Slam. Making matters more interesting is the arrival of Aura, an angel sent from Heaven to sway both Morris and The Kid into leading more righteous lives – while dealing with their attraction to her. As The Kid continues to show resistance, Morris begins to embarrass him by way of performances with his band, to steal The Kid's customers. Losing clientele and having his club defamed by Morris's henchmen, The Kid decides to challenge Morris to a music battle for ownership of Glam Slam.
Werewolf	Canadian	drama	Ashley McKenzie	Werewolf centres on Blaise (Andrew Gillis) and Vanessa (Bhreagh MacNeil), two drug addicts living in New Waterford, Nova Scotia.[5]
Arohan	Bollywood	drama	Shyam Benegal	Hari Mondal (Om Puri) is a poor village farmer who lives in the remote Bengal village of Giripur in Birbhum district with his wife, two sons, brother, an old widowed aunt Kalidashi (Gita Sen) and her daughter Panchi. The movie opens in the mid sixties when the Naxalbari uprising is spreading across Bengal and oppressed farmers are being united by youths who believe in communism and a socialist republic. Hari and his brother Bolai (Noni Ganguly) are Borgadars, land tillers who plough and harvest the crop on land owned by Jotdars. Bibhutibhushan Ganguly (Victor Banerjee) is the young jotdar who has just lost his father and now wishes to employ new laws on his Borgadars ensuring his greatest profit while the poor farmer languishes in poverty. His estate agent Karmakar (Rajen Tarafdar) does most of his dirty dealings on his behalf that include keeping the poor villagers scared and him in command. Hari's sister is about to get married and Hari asks Bibhutibhushan for a loan. Bibhutibhushan asks him to not register his Bargadari rights under the government office in exchange. Hari is naive and moulded under generations of servility and oppression to realise that his basic rights are being squandered, although his younger brother Bolai isn't happy remaining as mere servants to the landlord. Bolai protests on multiple occasions only to be reprimanded by his brother and Karmakar. Bolai and Panchi (Sreela Majumdar) love each other. Over time, as the communist movement gets stronger in the region, Hari Mandal keeps on getting oppressed under whims and fancies of the Jotdar, that include making him a paid labourer on his own plot of land and sacking his brother from working with him. Bolai is disgusted with the village life and moves to the big city of Calcutta for work. Here, he joins a small-time racket of wagon breakers and eventually becomes a political goon for the city's electoral candidates. Panchi and her mother both move to Calcutta with help from strangers who offer them employment. While Kalidashi gets employed in a middle-class home as the cook cum servant for a meagre salary, her daughter is trapped with the bait of fancy clothes by a pimp employed by a middle aged Marwari businessman\Seth ji who makes her his mistress. Panchi also seems to enjoy her new life and the luxuries of cosmetics, silk sarees and a huge bed to sleep on. In a poignant scene, before bedding her for the first time, Seth ji asks her whether she has ever slept on a bed before. Hari fights his battles alone against the Jotdar and eventually registers a case against him in the district court with help from sympathetic village master (Pankaj Kapoor) and a lawyer who fights his case for free. Although the district magistrate (Jayant Kripalani) is sympathetic and just in his dealing to his cause, the Jotdar uses his muscle to beat up Hari, burn down his house and take away his bullocks thus leaving him helpless to fight. Hari presses on and the case reaches the High Court where his case is dismissed in favour of the Jotdar. Meanwhile, the first leftist communist government is established in Bengal and after years of court battle and a Panchayat election where Hari defeats Karmakar to become the village Panch, finally he receives his Bargadari certificate—at the cost of a broken leg, a house, and a brother who is lost forever. Hari comes to look for Bolai in the great metropolis of Calcutta and searches for him fruitlessly before going back to his village. He never gets to know what has happened of his people who came to Calcutta. The audience gets to know that Bolai gets life imprisonment for committing a political murder, Panchi is thrown out of her Sethji's flat when she gets pregnant and is forced to abort the baby and her health deteriorates, she goes into shock and becomes insane and is living on the streets, and Kalidashi dies while working in her master's house, presumably over a broken heart at her daughter's condition, having seen her both as a mistress and a vagabond on the road. Hari himself dies a few months later in 1980.
Wanted (2010 film)	Bengali	drama	Rabi Kinagi	Rajkumar Banerjee /Raja (Jeet) and Joy (Indrajit Chakraborty) are professional assassins and partners. They charge Rs. 15 million per assassination. Amarnath Ganguly is a party leader and wants to stage his own attempted assassination to garner the sympathy vote in the upcoming election. His colleague Shubhankar Banerjee(Biplab Chatterjee) hooks him up with Raja. Ganguly is killed by someone else. Police immediately surround the skyscraper. Raja is about the exit the building when there is a car accident with his car. Raja assumes that Joy has died in the accident. Raja goes to the top of the building with the police in pursuit. A passing train offers Raja an escape with a rope to land on the train. Raja meets Shibu (Atanu Mukherjee) who reveals that he ran away from his village, Ganganagar, when he was young; he is now returning to his village. The police site Raja but shoot Shibu. Raja escapes to Ganganagar. Shibhu's family believes Raja to be their son and accept him. A CBI officer, Salim Ali Khan (Sharad Kapoor) is investigating Ganguly's murder, believes that Raja is responsible, and comes across the Raja/Shibu connection. He tries getting Raja's fingerprints but is outsmarted. Clues implicate Joy. There is in Ganganagar a wedding of Shibu's niece, the CBI come to believe there has been a Raja/Shibu change, and Raga is a murder suspect. Raja flees, the CBI leave, and he returns to explain what is going on. The family shows no interest in helping Raja to find the real assassin but grandfather (Biswajit Chakraborty) gives Raja a gun. Raja calls Shubhankar Banerjee and demands to know who killed Ganguly. Banerjee refuses but Raja tells him that their conversation has been recorded, and Banerjee reveals everything. Joy killed Ganguly for Rs. 20 million. He faked his death by sending a drunkard in the car at the time of the accident. Raja leaves for the old church, where Joy is. Raja and Joy meet and Raja has the gun loaded before Joy. But the same policemen who killed Shibu barge in. Raja kills them all, including Joy. Raja gives the recording to the CBI officer. The CBI officer goes directly to Banerjee's office, tells him that he will hand him over to the police, and Banerjee tells him that he has no concrete evidence. The CBI officer reveals the recording is evidence enough for Ganguly's hot headed son, who has vowed vengeance for his father's death. Trapped without any recourse, Banerjee commits suicide. Raja released Shibu's ashes and the CBI officer lets him go to Shibu's family, where he stays forever.
A Mother's Instinct	American	drama	Sam Pillsbury	A former divorcé learns that her new husband's past includes an abandoned wife. After he disappears with his two sons, the two wives team up to find him.
Rocky V	American	drama	John Avildsen	Shortly after Rocky Balboa's victory over Ivan Drago in Moscow, he, his wife Adrian, his brother-in-law Paulie, and his trainer Tony Duke Evers, return to the United States, where they are greeted by Rocky's son, Robert. At a press conference, boxing promoter George Washington Duke attempts to goad Rocky into fighting his boxer, Union Cane, who is now the top-rated challenger, but Rocky declines the offer. Duke refuses to give up on the huge payday fight with Balboa and surmises he needs to come up with an angle to convince him to fight. After returning home, it is discovered that Paulie unknowingly had Rocky sign a power of attorney over to Rocky's accountant, who had squandered all of his money on real estate deals gone sour; in addition, the accountant had failed to pay Rocky's taxes over the previous six years, and his mansion had been mortgaged by $400,000. His lawyer confirms this, but tells Rocky that it is fixable with a few more fights. Unwilling to go bankrupt, Rocky decides to accept the mega fight with Cane. After seeing a doctor, however, he is diagnosed with permanent brain damage. Adrian convinces him to retire, which he reluctantly accepts. Adrian returns to working part-time at the J&M Tropical Fish pet store. Rocky plans to reopen Mighty Mick's Boxing Gym, willed to his son Robert by his late trainer Mickey Goldmill. He walks through the vacant gym and reminisces about a training session between the two just before Rocky fought the rematch against Apollo Creed years before. One day, Rocky and Paulie meet a young fighter from Oklahoma named Tommy Gunn, and Rocky takes him under his wing. Training the young fighter gives Rocky a sense of purpose, and Gunn rises to become a top contender. Rocky becomes so distracted with Gunn's training that he ends up neglecting Robert, who is being bullied at school. After learning to defend himself, he falls in with the wrong crowd and becomes withdrawn and angry toward his family. Union Cane wins the vacant world heavyweight title, while Gunn continues rising through the ranks. Still wanting to do business with Rocky, Duke sees Gunn's knockout streak and relationship with Rocky as a way of gaining control of him. Duke showers Gunn with luxuries and promises him that he is the only path to a shot against Union Cane for the title. Duke hopes to take control of Gunn as his manager and keep Rocky on as head trainer. On Christmas Eve, Duke visits the Balboa house with Gunn to explain the new scenario, which would financially benefit all of them. However, Rocky insists dealing with Duke will end badly and is dirty business. Gunn drives off in a huff, leaving Rocky for good. Adrian attempts to comfort Rocky, but his frustration boils over. He confesses his life had meaning again when he was able to live vicariously through Gunn's success. She reasons with him, telling him Tommy never had his heart and spirit—something he could never learn. When this realization hits him, Rocky embraces his wife and they begin to pick up the pieces. After finding Robert hanging out on a street corner, Rocky apologizes to his son and they mend their broken relationship. Gunn fights Cane for the heavyweight title as Rocky watches on television, still rooting for his protégé. Gunn wins the fight with a first round knockout but is jeered by spectators for leaving Rocky and hounded by reporters after the fight. They insist that Cane was nothing but a paper champion, because Cane did not win the title from Balboa. They claim he will never be the real champion unless he fights a worthy opponent, like Rocky; they drive the point home when one reporter announces, ...he's no Rocky Balboa! With Gunn incensed by the press's reaction, Duke convinces him that he needs to secure a title fight with Rocky to refute the notion that he is not the real champion. Duke and Gunn show up at the local bar with a live television crew to goad Rocky into accepting a title fight. Rocky declines and tries to reason with him, but Gunn rebukes it and calls him weak, prompting Paulie to stand up for Rocky. When Gunn attacks Paulie, Rocky accepts the challenge, but tells him my ring is outside. Despite Duke's warnings to keep the fight in the ring, Gunn accepts. During the fight, Rocky is seemingly beaten down before he hears the voice of Mickey urging him to get up and continue the fight, to go just one more round. Rocky gets up and, with Robert, Paulie, and the entire neighborhood cheering him on, utilizes his vast street fighting knowledge to defeat his former protégé. While Gunn is escorted away by the police, Duke threatens to sue Rocky if he touches him. After a brief hesitation, Rocky knocks him onto the hood of a car and quips, Sue me for what? The next morning, Rocky and Robert explore the Philadelphia Museum of Art, and Rocky gives his son Rocky Marciano's cufflink, given to him years ago as a gift from Mickey. The film ends with a shot of Rocky's statue looking out over the Philadelphia skyline.
 Samson and Delilah	Australian	drama	Warwick Thornton	Samson and Delilah are two 14-year-olds who live in an Aboriginal community near Alice Springs. Samson sniffs petrol every morning. He lives in a run-down shelter with his brother's band playing reggae music, all day, right outside his bedroom. Samson is interested in Delilah, who lives with her grandmother. He throws a rock at her outside the local convenience store. In spite of mocking encouragement from her grandmother Delilah is not interested in him. Samson spends a day following Delilah around. He attempts to move in with Delilah. Delilah's grandmother dies and the old women in the community blame her 'neglect' for her grandmother's death and thrash her with sticks. Samson in a fit of rage beats his brother with a stick to shut him and his band up. His brother beats him up. Samson steals a car and takes Delilah with him to Alice Springs where they live rough under a bridge over the dry bed of the Todd River. Gonzo, a deranged homeless man living there helps them. Samson continues to sniff petrol. At one point, he gets so high from the fumes that he does not notice when Delilah is taken by a group of white teenagers in a car. She is raped and bashed, but she eventually comes back to Samson, who is unconscious with petrol intoxication. She begins sniffing petrol too. Under the same circumstances as her abduction, they are both walking along the street and Delilah is hit by a car. When Samson eventually comes to and realises she has been hit he believes she is dead, and cuts off his hair as a sign of respect. He spends weeks sitting in the same position under the bridge sniffing petrol as a means of getting over Delilah's death. Delilah comes back and rescues Samson, and they are both brought back to their old village. As they arrive one of the community's old women begins to beat Samson with a stick for stealing the community's only car. Delilah decides to take Samson away to a secluded area, as a way of rehabilitating, and getting over his petrol sniffing habit. Eventually Samson stops sniffing petrol, and over time Delilah is able to coax him back to his original state.
Shor	Bollywood	drama	Manoj Kumar	Shankar (Manoj Kumar) loses his wife (Nanda) in an accident. She died while saving her son (Deepak). Due to the accident, Deepak loses his voice. Shankar wants to hear Deepak, but it is only possible by an operation. So, Shankar tries hard to collect money for the operation. After much struggle, Shankar gets the money for the operation. The operation gets started, and becomes successful. After one day of the completion of the operation, Shankar asks the doctor to meet Deepak, but the doctor suggests to him to meet Deepak a day later. To pass the time, Shankar goes to factory, where in the excitement to meet Deepak, he loses his control and gets injured, due to which he loses his hearing. The father, who only lives to hear his son, becomes deaf when his son gets his voice.
Buddies	Australian	drama	Arch Nicholson	Young miners Mike and Johnny (Colin Friels and Harold Hopkins) work in the gem fields of central Queensland around Emerald. Conflict arises when their pick-and-shovel operation is threatened by a large scale bulldozer operator.
Before I Fall	American	drama	Ry Russo-Young	Samantha Kingston wakes on February 12, known as Cupid's Day. She is picked up by her friends, Lindsay, Ally and Elody, who joke with her about losing her virginity to her boyfriend Rob that night. During class, when her teacher is lecturing on Sisyphus, Sam is handed a rose, gifted from her boyfriend with a nonchalant note. She is also given a pale colored rose with a note suggesting it is from another boy named Kent. He later invites her to his party. During lunch the girls make fun of Juliet, an outsider girl that they view as a psycho. At the party, Juliet shows up, seemingly uninvited. Lindsay confronts her and the two fight, with Juliet leaving in tears. As they are driving back from the party, the car hits something and crashes, apparently killing Sam and her friends. Sam wakes in her room on Cupid's Day again. Thinking the previous day was just a nightmare, Sam continues on with her day but finds that the same events occur, and they again crash after leaving the party. Sam wakes up on the same day again. Realizing she is in a time-loop, she convinces the group to have a sleepover instead of going to the party, trying to avoid the crash. They avoid the crash, but find out later in the night that Juliet has killed herself. Despite avoiding the crash, Sam wakes up on the same day again. Camera effects are used to indicate that Sam has continuously experienced the same day many times and is seemingly unable to break the loop, so one morning she decides to angrily react to everyone around her, insulting her friends and family. At the party, she has sex with Rob, but appears to not enjoy the experience. She runs into Kent's room and breaks down in tears. Kent finds and comforts her, letting her stay in his room. She asks him why he's so nice to her and he says it's because she was the first one to make him laugh after his father died in third grade. In the next iteration, she skips school and spends time with her sister. At the party, Sam and Kent share a kiss. She hears the fight between Lindsay and Juliet from the hall and chases after her through the woods. Sam tries to stop Juliet, but she jumps in front of Lindsay's car and kills herself and Sam's friends, horrifying Sam and making her realize that Juliet was what the car hit on the original day. Sam wakes up again with a sense of calm and understanding, knowing what she must do to end the loop. She resolves to be kind and considerate as she goes about her day. She sends roses to both Juliet and Kent. She also breaks up with Rob and tells Kent that she has a secret for him. At the party, she kisses Kent and tells him she loves him. She again intervenes to save Juliet, but when Juliet attempts to run into traffic, Sam pushes her out of the way at the last second and is killed by a truck. A montage of her good memories are shown. Juliet sobs to Sam's lifeless body that she saved her, to which Sam's voice replies, No, you saved me.
The Wonderful Story	British	drama	Graham Cutts	The fiancée of a farmer falls in love with his brother.
Confession of Pain	Hong Kong	drama	Andrew Lau, Alan Mak	Police inspectors Lau Ching-hei and Yau Kin-bong arrest a rapist in 2003. When Yau returns home later, he sees that his pregnant girlfriend has committed suicide by slitting her wrists. Yau is so depressed with her death that he indulges in alcohol and turns in his police badge to work as a private investigator. He becomes obsessed with finding out the reason for his girlfriend's suicide. Three years later, Yau discovers that his girlfriend had actually cheated on him and she was waiting at a bar for her secret lover on the night she died. Her secret lover did not show up that night because he was involved in a car accident. Yau initially thought that he will be angry with his girlfriend's lover, but he ends up taking care of the comatose man in the hospital. Yau gets over the unhappy incident and falls in love with Hung, a girl who sells beer in the same bar. Lau's wife, Susan, is the daughter of the billionaire Chow Yuen-sing. One night, Lau and two accomplices break into his father-in-law's residence, where they kill Chow and his butler, Uncle Man. Later, Lau lures his partners-in-crime to a rundown house and murders them, after which he attempts to make the scene seem as though the two of them killed each other in a dispute over the loot. Susan is not convinced that only the two killers were involved, so she hires Yau to help her investigate further. She has also become paranoid after her father's murder, so Lau has to discreetly give her pills to calm her down and put her to sleep. After a long investigation, which includes a few dangerous confrontations with a suspect, Yau discovers Lau's secret and dark past. Chow Yuen-sing had murdered Lau's family members in Macau several years ago when Lau was still a boy, and he bribed the police to close the case. Lau survived, took on a new identity, and grew up in an orphanage before moving to Hong Kong, where he became a police officer. Lau seeks vengeance on Chow and he pretended to fall in love with Susan and married her. He attempts to kill Susan by drugging her and locking her inside the kitchen after turning on the gas. Susan survives, but is badly injured because there was an explosion, and ends up in hospital. Lau visits Susan in hospital and mentally confesses the truth to her. She reveals that she already knows he tried to murder her because she was still partially conscious when he drugged her and locked her in the kitchen. She then asks him if he ever really loved her. Lau realises that, in his desire for revenge, he has destroyed a new family he created with Susan. Susan does not believe him, loses her will to live, and dies. Yau meets Lau outside the hospital and tells him his conclusion. Lau returns to Susan's room, where he feels overwhelmed by guilt and eventually commits suicide by shooting himself in the head.
Men of Two Worlds	British	drama	Thorold Dickinson	Kisenga, is a composer and pianist from Marashi in Tanganyika who has spent fifteen years in London. He decides to return to his homeland to help the District Commissioner, Randall, in the work of health care. Randall explains that an outbreak of sleeping sickness caused by the tsetse fly is moving across Tanganyika and has almost reached Marashi. He wants to transfer the population of 25,000 to a new settlement on higher ground and set fire to the bush to destroy the tsetse fly. Randall is helped by Dr Munro. Kisenga arrives at Marashi. His sister Saburi is engaged to a young man named Ali, an assistant at the dispensary. Kisenga meets the Chief Rafuf, who is under the control of Margoli, a witchdoctor. Rafuf does not want to move. Kisenga decides to settle in his old home and teaches music. The tsetse fly gets closer to the village and Doctor Burton wants to do blood tests on villagers, which are opposed by Margoli. Margoli fights the doctors and Kinsenga's father dies of malarie. Margoli casts spells against Kisenga. He falls ill but recovers when the children perform Kisenga's music. The clearing of the village begins and the people leave for their new settlement.
The Unbelievable Truth	American	drama	Hal Hartley	Back from prison to a small community on Long Island comes Josh, a sober young man whose crimes most cannot remember exactly, and finds a job at Vic's auto repair shop. Vic's daughter Audry falls instantly in love with him, only to be rejected when she declares her feelings because he is not ready for such a relationship and fears Vic's reaction. In revenge, she gives up the place she has won at Harvard and goes off to New York to be a photographic model, appearing first in lingerie and then nude. Horrified, her parents send the reliable Josh off to the city to reclaim her, but he gives up in disgust when he finds she is living with her agent. Returning home, he meets the daughter of the man he is supposed to have killed in a struggle, who says she can testify that he is innocent. Audry, overjoyed that he has re-entered her life, gives away all her earnings from exposing herself to her money-obsessed father and again offers herself to Josh, who this time is overjoyed too.
My Family	American	drama	Gregory Nava	The story is narrated by the family's oldest son, Paco (Edward James Olmos). The film begins with the father of the family, José Sanchez (Jacob Vargas), making a journey that lasts one year on foot from Mexico to Los Angeles. He travels to Los Angeles to meet a distant relative known as El Californio, who was born in the city when it was still part of Mexico. They become fast friends and grew a corn farm together. However, after several years, El Californio nears death. Shortly before dying, El Californio says he wants the following written on his tombstone: José meets and marries the love of his life, María (Jennifer Lopez), an American citizen. After María is illegally deported to Mexico by the U.S. federal government in a mass roundup, she makes it back to Los Angeles via a long and arduous trip two years later, where she returns home with their new son Chucho. Twenty years later in 1958 or 1959, eldest daughter Irene (first played by Maria Canals, later by Lupe Ontiveros) is getting married. Chucho (Esai Morales) and Paco (Benito Martinez) have grown up. New additions to the family include Toni (Constance Marie), Guillermo Memo (played by Greg Albert as a child, and by Enrique Castillo as an adult), and brother Jimmy (Jonathan Hernandez as a child, Jimmy Smits as an adult). The film begins to gain momentum after the wedding, when a series of events seal Chucho's fate. One night at a dance hall, Chucho is dancing with his girlfriend, when his rival Butch Mejia (Michael DeLorenzo) starts to bother him. This results in a bloody knife fight between the two, and Chucho accidentally kills him. After this event, Chucho becomes a fugitive of the police. One night when Jimmy is playing ball with his friends, Chucho is shot dead by the LAPD right in front of Jimmy. Other members of the family learn of Chucho's death when they hear gunshots and rush to a nearby street. As an ambulance arrives to take Chucho's lifeless body away, we hear Paco narrate how Chucho's whole life had been on borrowed time. The third generation, which takes place another twenty years later in the 1970s, faces situations such as acculturation, assimilation, and past problems of the family. Jimmy (now played by Jimmy Smits) completes a stint in jail and returns home. It is revealed that after Chucho's death 20 years back, Jimmy became an angry man following in his footsteps becoming a fugitive like him. One day, Toni visits the Sanchez home and stuns her parents with the news that she is no longer a nun and has married a priest named David Ronconi (Scott Bakula). Toni and David become involved in helping political refugees. When they find out that a Salvadoran refugee, Isabel (Elpidia Carrillo), becomes a target for murder and is being held for deportation back to El Salvador, Toni convinces Jimmy to marry her so that she is able to stay in the U.S. Jimmy is resistant to the idea of being a married man; however, Isabel slowly makes herself at home and Jimmy has no choice but to let her stay with him. As Jimmy works on his car listening to I'm Your Puppet, Isabel comes up to him and changes the music in the cassette-player. She tries to get him to dance with her on the street. At first he doesn't want to, but she finally succeeds in teaching him some steps. He asks her at the end of the song, Will you teach me how to salsa? It is here that Jimmy finally lets Isabel into his heart and where they both understand that although other people don't understand them, they know now who they really are together. Isabel becomes pregnant, but unfortunately dies after giving birth to their son, Carlitos. Enraged, Jimmy attacks the doctor who he blames for her death, burglarizes a store, and is jailed, leaving his son to be raised by his parents. When Jimmy gets out of prison, he initially doesn't want anything to do with his son who is a spirited, but trouble-making child. When Jimmy finally sees his son, he is filled with joy and immediately wants to care for him. However, his son hates him, who thinks his real father is a cattle rancher that lives in Texas. After Jimmy decides to change his life around for the good of his son, Carlitos accepts him and moves with him to Texas. The film concludes with Jose and Maria reminiscing about their past as Jose says God has been good to us, we've been very lucky, and our life it has been very...very good and the camera pans to a shot of Los Angeles.
Jade Goddess of Mercy	Chinese	drama	Ann Hui	Yang Rui is a handsome Beijing executive who is bored with his easy life and numerous female conquests. He is having an affair with his female boss, and in general seems to despise women and relationships. He hears about a woman named He Yanhong who is from out of town, beautiful but mysterious and quite reclusive. He soon falls in love with her, despite the fact that she rejects his advances and appears to have few friends. When she kicks him in the head after coming on too strongly, she shows some regret and compassion, nursing him back to health and they develop a friendship. He Yanhong tells him her nickname is An Xin (peace in English). Unfortunately, Yang Rui's scorned female boss becomes jealous, reveals she has been spying on the young couple, arranges for He Yanhong to lose her job, reveals that she has a child, and then frames him for accepting an illegal kickback that briefly sends Yang Rui to prison. He Yanhong arranges for a lawyer to free Yang Rui from prison, and he tracks her down, discovering that her real name is actually An Xin, and that she moved to Beijing to escape a disastrous love triangle that led to her former husband's death and threatens both her life and that of her child, Xiong. In revealing herself to Yang Rui, he learns the following: An Xin was an up-and-coming police officer in Yunnan Province of southern China, engaged to a journalist named Tiejun who also has a promising career. Before the date of their marriage, An Xin has a chance encounter with Mao Jie, with whom she has a brief but emotionally intense romantic fling. Neither is honest about their career, and only during a drug sting operation does An Xin discover that Mao Jie is part of a drug dealing family. Since neither knew the other's true profession, she is forced to testify against Mao Jie and his parents receive the death penalty. However Mao Jie is able to convince a judge to set him free because of accusations that An Xin may have framed him to exit their now extinguished love affair. In retribution, Mao Jie and his brother kills An Jin's husband to avenge his parents death and her betrayal. From then on An Xin's life slowly unravels as she tries to build a new life while hiding from the Mao brothers.
Ring of Bright Water	British	drama	Jack Couffer	Graham Merrill (Bill Travers) passes a pet shop on his daily walks about London and takes an interest in an otter (specifically, a male river otter) in the window, eventually buying and naming the animal Mij. The otter wreaks havoc in his small apartment and together they leave London for a rustic cottage overlooking the sea on the west coast of Scotland. There they live as beachcombers and make the acquaintance of Dr. Mary (Virginia McKenna) from the nearby village, and her dog Johnny. Mij and Johnny play in the water and bound across the fields together. Mij's inquisitive and adventurous nature leads him some distance from the cottage to a female otter with whom he spends the day. Ignorant of danger, he is caught in a net and nearly killed. The humans find him and help him recover. Graham spends a significant amount of time drawing Mij but realises that to show the true agility of the otter he must draw it underwater. He builds a large tank out of old windows so that he can do this. Not long after, Merrill goes to London to look after some affairs and leaves Mary in charge of Mij. While being exercised afield, Mij is killed by a ditchdigger, who did not realize he was a pet. Merrill returns and is crushed to discover the death of his beloved otter. Some time later, Merrill and Mary are surprised by a trio of otter youngsters, accompanied by their mother otter, approaching the cottage. He happily realizes they are Mij's mate and their children who have come to play in their father's swimming pool. Graham had been trying to write a novel on the Marsh Arabs for years; however, after seeing the baby otters playing, he takes pen and paper and begins to write about Mij and what the otter has taught him about himself.
My Letter to George	Australian	drama	Michael Laughlin	An orphaned New Zealand girl marries a much older wealthy businessman. Strains soon develop between them, at great emotional and physical toll on them and those around them, from family and servants, to business and trade associates and clientele.
Sweetie	Australian	drama	Jane Campion	The film focuses on Kay's relationships with her boyfriend Louis, her parents and her emotionally unhealthy sister, Sweetie. Kay is quiet and superstitious, loving Louis because of the words of a fortune teller and experiencing deep foreboding towards a tree he attempted to plant in their yard. Sweetie, from Kay's perspective, is selfish in her severe mental illness. Kay's father chooses to ignore most of the erratic, childish behavior (though she has been hospitalized before) because he loves her as a little girl. Throughout, there are flashbacks of Sweetie dancing, singing and performing small, circus-like tricks with his assistance; he wants the family to remain close and dislikes when Kay acts enraged with Sweetie. The mother admits he indulges her. Louis, however, has found some freedom from his increasingly disconnected relationship with Kay because Sweetie lives uninhibited, with vigor and emotion (though extreme). Throughout, Sweetie's physically destructive nature (ruining Kay's clothes, breaking furniture) reflects the inner disruption she has caused her family. After a series of circular fights (variable rage and delusions, her family's forgiveness, proceeded by her sweetness and fun persona), she finally overextends the limit, stripping off her clothes, painting her body black and bouncing in her childhood tree house. Though her family begs her to come down, she refuses, continuing teasing, tormenting and shaking the fort until it falls from the tree, injuring her mother and killing Sweetie. The family appears resolved, no longer scattered. They no longer feel manipulated and agitated by her presence. However, the best of Sweetie's personality persists, as Kay and her parents maintain an image of her in her most accurate form, that of a little girl.
Ladybird, Ladybird	British	drama	Ken Loach	In a karaoke bar Maggie Conlan, a woman with a troubled past, meets South American Jorge and has a drink with him. During their conversation we learn about both their past lives; in flashback we learn that she witnessed her father beating her mother, and later was beaten several times by her ex-partner Simon. She has four children by four different fathers and all of her children are in care. Jorge is a Paraguayan who is afraid to return to his own country for fear of persecution there. Maggie goes on to make a relationship with Jorge, being impressed with his poetry and his history. Her relationship with him is initially a tentative one because of her previous experience with her earlier partner. The film goes on to show her time in a women's refuge: one night as she was singing in a club she was told that there was trouble at her home; when she got there she found that her house had been subject to a fire and her children were injured. The local authority then took her children into care and Maggie now blames Simon for having her children taken from her, but she says she shares some of the blame. Maggie's relationship with Jorge becomes more intense, but more strained, as Maggie's mental stresses become apparent. They set up home together, and have a daughter, but she is taken from them by the local authority under a Place of Safety order on the grounds that she is an unreliable mother with low intellect. Jorge is threatened with deportation to Paraguay from the UK, because he has been illegally employed but he is allowed to stay in the UK because of his good character, and the plea he makes to the court. Maggie and Jorge have another baby daughter and once again their child is taken into care. Maggie becomes distraught and has to be sedated. The couple continue their lives together and the film closes with a caption:
The Sheltering Sky	British	drama	Bernardo Bertolucci	Three Americans from New York arrive in Tangier in 1947. Port Moresby and his wife Kit are accompanied by their friend George Tunner on a trip that will take them deep into the Sahara Desert. Tunner observes, We're probably the first tourists they've had since the war, to which Kit replies We're not tourists. We're travelers. While Tunner plans to return home in a few weeks, Port and Kit plan on staying for a year or two. While awaiting transport to a hotel, the group meets a pair of English travelers, Mrs. Lyle, a travel writer, and Eric, her adult son. Eric's mother keeps him constantly short of money so he is always asking for credit and loans. After arriving at the hotel, they sit in the hotel bar and are observed by an older man sitting alone at a table. Port invites Kit to accompany him for a walk in the city. After she refuses and rebuffs his romantic advances, Port angrily leaves. During his walk he meets a pimp who introduces him to a prostitute in a Berber encampment. The two have sex and the prostitute attempts to steal his wallet. Port quickly leaves and is chased from the camp by a mob. The next morning Tunner arrives at Kit's room to take her shopping. Not wanting Tunner to know that Port stayed out all night, she removes the covers from his bed to make it appear that he slept there. As Kit and Tunner are preparing to leave, a disheveled Port arrives. Seeing his bed, he assumes that Tunner spent the night with Kit. Port and Kit once again encounter the Lyles and are offered a ride in their car to Boussif, their next destination, but are informed that there is no room for Tunner. Port accepts the ride with the Lyles while Kit and Tunner take the train. Tunner and Kit drink champagne and awake the next morning in Kit's hotel room after a drunken tryst. Suspicious of Kit's relationship with Tunner, Port arranges for Eric Lyle to provide Tunner with transportation to Messad on the pretext that Port and Kit will meet him later. Eric agrees but also steals Port's passport. In Bounoura, Port discovers his passport missing. Even after being informed by local officials that the passport can be recovered in Messad, Port decides to proceed by bus to El Ga'a with Kit in order to avoid a meeting with Tunner. On the journey, Port contracts typhoid fever. The hotel won't accommodate them from fear of infection. Kit transports the delirious Port to a French Foreign Legion post, but it has no doctor and she nurses him herself, becoming increasingly desperate at his condition. He eventually dies alongside her in their room. Kit leaves the body and sets off alone into the Sahara. Kit wanders in the desert until she begs a ride from a camel train led by Belqassim. After the caravan arrives at Belqassim's home in Niger, he disguises Kit as a boy and locks her in a guest house. Although held captive, Kit welcomes Belqassim's advances and the two begin an affair. Kit is soon discovered by Belqassim's wives, who order her to leave. Kit finds herself disoriented in the local marketplace and is set upon by a mob. She is eventually found, mute and almost insane, in a Catholic mission hospital by staff of the American embassy, who have been prompted to search for her by Tunner, who has found Port's grave. She is transported back to Tangier, and is told that Tunner is waiting for her there. After arriving at the hotel, Kit flees into the city before Tunner can meet her.
Jude	British	drama	Michael Winterbottom	In the Victorian period, Jude Fawley (Eccleston) is a bright young lower-class man who dreams of a university education. Circumstances conspire against him, and he is forced into a job as a stonemason and an unhappy marriage to a country girl, Arabella (Griffiths). He remains true to his dream and, months later, after his wife's sudden departure, he heads for the city. He thinks education is available for any man who is willing to work hard. There he encounters his cousin, Sue Bridehead (Winslet), who is beautiful and intelligent, and shares his disdain for convention. Whilst Jude is enraptured by Sue, she decides to marry Jude's former school teacher, Phillotson (Cunningham), after Jude tells her he is married to Arabella. Meanwhile, Jude is rejected for the university based primarily on his lower-class status. The marriage of Sue and Phillotson is not a success, as she refuses to give herself sexually or romantically to her husband. She leaves Phillotson to join Jude in what turns out to be a rough life, moving from place to place as Jude picks up occasional work as a stonemason. The two are in love and, over the course of years, Sue gives birth to two children. Agnostic and independent, she refuses to legalize their arrangement by marriage. Jude learns that Arabella bore a son, which she named Jude (Juey) soon after she left Jude. The boy comes to live with his father Jude, Sue and his half-siblings. Sue and Jude are forbidden a permanent rental lodging because their living arrangement without marriage is considered scandalous. Sue tells Juey that the family cannot stay long at their present lodging because there are too many of them. The next day Sue and Jude return to their lodging to find that Juey has killed his half-siblings and committed suicide, hanging himself. His suicide note says the reason: Becos we were to menny. Each of the couple falls into a deep depression after the deaths of their children. Turning to the religion she previously rejected, Sue comes to believe that God has judged and punished the couple for not having married. She decides to return to Phillotson, although she finds him sexually repugnant, as he is her true husband in the eyes of God. A year after the death of their children, Jude and Sue happen to meet when separately visiting the tombstones of their children. They both look worse for wear. Jude demands that Sue tell him whether she still loves him, to which she replies, You've always known. After a passionate kiss, she walks away from Jude to return to Phillotson. As Sue walks away, Jude shouts to her, We are man and wife, if ever two people were on this earth!
The Devil's Agent	British	drama	John Paddy Carstairs	Mild-mannered Viennese wine merchant George Droste (Peter van Eyck), an intelligence expert during the second world war, unexpectedly encounters old friend Baron Von Staub (Christopher Lee), and spends a weekend with him on his estate in the Soviet zone. The two revive a friendship interrupted by the war. However, when Von Straub's sister asks Droste to transport a small package to a friend in West Germany, the bewildered Droste is set up for a series of complicated spy games, at first becoming an unwilling dupe for the Russians, and then retaliating by offering his services to a US intelligence agency.
Down Our Street	British	drama	Harry Lachman	This drama, set during the Depression, sees the character Charlie Stubbs trying to escape his poverty by becoming a criminal. When this course of action fails he cleans up his act and becomes a cab driver for the woman he loves, Annie Collins. Trouble follows Charlie however when Annie's uncle discovers his past.
Strawberry Roan	British	drama	Maurice Elvey	Farmer Chris Lowe (Hartnell) meets and falls in love with Molly (Raye), a chorus-girl. Despite the fact that she is a city girl through and through, she accepts his proposal of marriage and after the wedding goes to live on the farm. Chris realises that the transition for Molly will be difficult, and in an attempt to ease her into farm life, buys her a strawberry roan calf to look after. Unfortunately Molly finds the adjustment to rural life extremely difficult and does not settle down. She fails to integrate into the local community and starts to feel she has made a big mistake. She tries to quell her unhappiness by spending her husband's money, but goes to excess and eventually leaves Chris facing financial ruin. In despair she takes off on her horse and suffers a fatal fall, leaving Chris destitute and overcome with guilt.
Norte, the End of History *(2014 commercial release) (wide release)	Filipino	drama	Lav Diaz	The lives of three people take a turn when one of them commits a crime. Joaquin (Archie Alemania) is failing miserably at providing for his family. When his money lender gets murdered, the crime is pinned on him. Misery and solitude transform him in prison. Left to fend for the family, his wife Eliza (Angeli Bayani) pours all of her strength to battling with despair and eking out a living for their children. The real perpetrator, Fabian (Sid Lucero), roams free. His disillusionment with his country—its history of revolutions marred by betrayal and crimes unpunished—drives him to the edge of sanity.[7]
Good-Time Girl	British	drama	David MacDonald	The film opens with Miss Thorpe, the chairman of the Juvenile court, giving advice to troubled teenager Lyla Lawrence. Miss Thorpe tells Lyla that her life has a similar beginning to that of Gwen Rawlings. Gwen Rawlings was a teenage girl who continually fell into the wrong crowd. Gwen's first troubles began with her employer who caught her borrowing a brooch from his pawnshop. Though Gwen had only borrowed it to use for a dance and had every intention of returning it, she was fired. When she arrived home and informed her father, he beat her. The next day Gwen packed her things and moved into a boarding house. There, she met Jimmy, a sharp-dressed man who immediately took a liking to her. Jimmy found her a job at the Blue Angel Nightclub where she was employed as a hat-check girl. While working, she met Red, a bandmember for the club who felt the need to look after her well-being. Jimmy attempted to pursue Gwen but was rejected. He grew extremely angry towards the growing relationship between Red and Gwen and later beat her. Max Vine, his employer at the club, discovered Jimmy's crime and fired him. Angry at Gwen, who he felt had lost him his job, Jimmy began to plot to set her up. He stole their landlady's jewellery and told Gwen to pawn it for him. Believing that the jewelry belonged to his mother, Gwen followed his instructions. Later, after learning that Max had been attacked by a gang, Gwen implored Red to allow her to stay the night at his place. Red permitted her a night's stay but insisted that she leave the following day as it was unsuitable for a young girl to live with him. However, the police soon found Gwen and she was sent to court where she was accused of having stolen jewellery. Miss Thorpe presided over the hearing and decided to sentence her to a reform school for three years. During a school fight, Gwen runs away and finds Max who has opened another club. Max is reluctant to take her back but due to her desperation, he gives her a job. Gwen soon becomes close to Danny Martin, a regular at the club. One drunken night both are out for a drive when they accidentally hit and kill a police officer. Danny Martin forbids anyone from speaking to the police. However, once Danny is questioned, Gwen flees. Danny later finds Gwen and beats her. Gwen is found and helped by two American soldiers who are AWOL. They decide to band together and become robbers in London. After becoming too well known in London for their crimes, they decide to head to Manchester. As they flag down a car to steal, Gwen realizes that the driver of the car is Red. When her companions realize the two recognize each other, they shoot Red dead. All three are eventually caught for their crimes and Gwen is currently serving fifteen years in prison. At the end of the film, Lyla thanks Miss Thorpe and decides to head home.
Bends	Hong Kong	drama	Flora Lau	Anna (Carina Lau), a wealthy Hong Kong housewife, suddenly finds herself deep in financial trouble as her only source of income, her husband, disappears. Her driver, Fai (Chen Kun), who lives in Shenzhen with his wife, are expecting the couple's second child. But under China's One Child Policy, they need to find the money to pay the penalty or the couple must find a way for Fai's wife to give birth in Hong Kong.
Shikhandi Kotha	Bangladeshi	drama	Mohammad Hannan	Ramela gives birth to a son after having two daughters and Ramzed Molla and Ramela are happy as a result. Ramzed named him Ratan. But Ratan's physical changes later appear as a girl. His family and people of the village realizes this change. But, Ramela denies to send to the place of third gender.[clarification needed] He became an obstacle to his sister's marriage and his father scolds him. He then realizes that society will not accept him and goes to the third gender's place. There he grows under the supervision of Kali Masi as Ratna.
A Woman's Tale	Australian	drama	Paul Cox	Martha (Florance) is an elderly woman living alone in her flat and dying of cancer. Her love of life leads to an ambivalence about her age; her unique moral code leads to her playing cupid for her friend and nurse Anna (Dobrowolska) and Anna’s married lover (Gray); her worrisome son (Haywood) wants her to move into a home; her neighbour Billy (Kaye) has dementia.
Master of Bankdam	British	drama	Walter Forde	The film is the story of Bankdam, a small Yorkshire mill run by the Crowther family around 1860. It prospers and grows under its patriarch owner, Simeon Crowther. After family upheavals the firm goes through several crises under the management of his sons Zebediah and Joshua, who tend to oppose one another. Joshua dies with many others in a mill collapse, partially blamed on his brother Zebediah. Joshua's role is taken over by his son Simeon. The old patriarch, Simeon, dies. Zebediah with ill health retires to Vienna for treatment, leaving his son, Lancelot Handel, with power of attorney in his absence. Things at the mill deteriorate. In the final scene a fatally ill Zebediah returns and, with a mob outside the door, makes amends and entrusts Bankdam, not to his own son, but to Simeon, as he realises that he is the only person that can save Bankham.
Hanji	South_Korean	drama	Unknown	Pil-yong is a middling civil servant who is gripped by guilt every time he sees his wife Hyo-kyung, who is half-paralyzed from a stroke induced by his affair with another woman. But he finds newfound purpose in life when he is assigned to revive Jeonju's hanji industry. Hanji is Korean traditional paper made from mulberry trees; it is known in Asia for its beauty, flexibility and high quality, can reportedly last a thousand years, and is used for writing and creating 2D images similar to painting as well as 3D objects such as chamber pots and tea service. What begins as a desperate attempt to be promoted at work turns into a consuming passion as Pil-yong discovers the beauty of the craft, and he joins other devotees (such as documentary filmmaker Ji-won) to reenact traditional methods of hanji-making under the moonlight.
 Holding the Man	Australian	drama	Neil Armfield	In 1993, Timothy Conigrave (Ryan Corr) is in Lipari, Italy, and he calls his childhood friend Pepe Trevor (Sarah Snook) on a payphone in a panic, asking her where his deceased partner John Caleo (Craig Stott) was sitting at a dinner party they had together when they were teenagers. The time expires before Pepe can tell him. Later, a concierge at the hotel Tim is staying at passes on a message from Pepe to Tim. In 1976, Tim and John are students at Xavier College in Melbourne, Australia. They have geography together. Tim falls in love with John, and invites him to the school play of Romeo and Juliet, where Tim is playing the role of Paris, but John doesn't make it. Tim invites John to a dinner party with Pepe and some of their friends from Drama class, and they pass a kiss around the table. Tim later asks John out and he accepts. Initially John isn't comfortable with doing anything sexual with Tim, who writes a letter to John apologising for reaching into his trousers while making out after school. The letter is intercepted by their Geography teacher who tells them all the staff already know about their relationship, and advises them to be careful. While on a study break, Tim and John are caught having sex by their school friends. They all later go streaking. When Tim returns home, his parents Dick (Guy Pearce) and Mary Gert (Kerry Fox) tell him John's father Bob (Anthony LaPaglia) found Tim's letter and threatens court action if Tim refuses to keep his distance. Tim angrily leaves and rides his bike to John's house, where he overhears Bob tell John that his mother Lois (Camilla Ah Kin) will make an appointment for his son to see a psychologist. Tim and John flee together. In 1985, Tim interviews an HIV patient called Richard for a play he is writing. Later, Tim and John both go to the doctor for an HIV test. John is given a negative result, but Tim is given a positive result. Their doctor (Mitchell Butel) then reveals there was a filing mistake and both Tim and John are actually HIV positive. In 1979, while Tim and John are students at Monash University, they are part of a gay Rights Activism Club. At John's house one day, John tells Tim I want you inside me. Before they can officially consummate their relationship, John's family arrives and catches them trying to sneak out. John stands up to his father and the boys drive off and engage in a brief and humorous session of anal intercourse. Tim becomes flirtatious with other men he and John spend time with, and starts cheating on John when he doesn't support Tim's request that they try having sex with other people. Tim reveals to John he put his name down to audition for NIDA and asks that they have a trial separation while Tim is in Sydney. Tim returns to Melbourne and reveals he has been accepted. He moves to Sydney for NIDA and has his classes under the instruction of his teacher Barry (Geoffrey Rush), but they clash during a rehearsal for A Streetcar Named Desire. Meanwhile, Tim has sex with different boys from his class and goes to a gay sauna. During a performance of Private Lives, Tim sees John in the audience and stumbles on a line (I want you back, John). They reconcile and resume their relationship when John decides to move to Sydney. In 1988, while in Melbourne for his sister's wedding, Tim is contacted by the Red Cross and is told that the blood that he donated in 1981 was pooled with blood from other donors, was given to a patient who has gone on to develop AIDS, and that he is the only donor to be contacted who tested positive to HIV. Despite his mother's warnings of ruining the wedding spirit, Tim tearfully expresses his grief at the fact that he infected John. In 1991, John's condition gets worse and he is frequently in the hospital. Tim starts to notice his own condition is slowly deteriorating and collapses one day while looking after John in the hospital. He has a manic episode after a swelling in his brain occurs and a doctor recommends he be admitted. Bob visits them to discuss John's will and is upset that all of John's possessions will go to Tim when he dies. They negotiate and it is revealed that Bob has been telling people John has cancer, not AIDS. John is well enough to return home and he and Tim make love. They go home to Melbourne for Christmas and John collapses while decorating the Christmas Tree. John is re-admitted. While exchanging Christmas presents, John confesses to Tim he was close to death and it felt so easy to let go, which deeply upsets Tim. On 26 January 1992, Father Woods (Paul Goddard) approaches Tim while at the hospital and tells him he will include Tim during the funeral and refer to him as John's friend so as to not further alienate John's family. Tim angrily tells him that they've been together for 15 years and that John is his husband. John dies shortly after and the funeral is held with students from Xavier College. The film returns to the beginning, and Pepe phones Tim's hotel. We see the note from earlier says John was beside you. While on his travels in Italy, Tim narrates the closing chapter of his memoir, which is his final letter to John. The film tells the audience Tim completed his memoir (Holding the Man) in October 1994 and succumbed to his AIDS ten days later aged of 34. In a post-credits bonus, an excerpt from an interview of the real Tim Conigrave shortly before he died plays while a picture of John and Tim as teenagers is shown.
Kal Aaj Aur Kal	Bollywood	drama	Randhir Kapoor	The title is an allegory to the ideological clash between three generations: Kal (Grandparent), Aaj (Parent) and Kal(Youth). Diwan Bahadur Kapoor (Prithviraj Kapoor) is the father of Ram Bahadur Kapoor (Raj Kapoor). Ram's son Rajesh (Randhir Kapoor), who had been sent to London for higher studies, returns to India. Bahadur has promised his childhood friend that Rajesh's marriage will be done with the latter's granddaughter. However, Rajesh is in love with his girlfriend Monica (Babita) and objects to the marriage. Both the grandfather and the grandson stick to their guns, little realizing that Ram is the real sufferer in the clash. Ram leaves his home, leaving the grandfather grandson duo blaming each other. Now, it is up to Ram to take the matter into his hands.
Private Road	British	drama	Barney Platts-Mills	Peter Morrisey (Bruce Robinson) is an author who has just published his first novel. He meets receptionist Ann Halpern (Susan Penhaligon) and falls in love. They spend some time in a cottage in Scotland living an idyllic pastoral life, then return to London. Peter gets a job at an advertising agency as a copywriter. Ann becomes pregnant and Peter asks her to marry him but she refuses. To Peter's shock, Ann decides to have an abortion without talking to him about it first. After a spell in hospital Ann returns home and her father gives her a house. Peter returns to his flat alone, still thinking that he will marry Ann. With his friend Stephen, Peter breaks into an office block and steals a typewriter so he can resume his writing career.
Little Buddha	American	drama	Bernardo Bertolucci	Tibetan Buddhist monks from a monastery in Bhutan, led by Lama Norbu, are searching for a child who is the rebirth of a great Buddhist teacher, Lama Dorje. Lama Norbu and his fellow monks believe they have found a candidate for the child in whom Lama Dorje is reborn: an American boy named Jesse Konrad, the young son of an architect and a teacher who live in Seattle. The monks come to Seattle in order to meet the boy. Jesse is fascinated with the monks and their way of life, but his parents, Dean and Lisa, are wary, and that wariness turns into near-hostility when Norbu announces that he wants to take Jesse back with him to Bhutan to be tested. Dean changes his mind however, when one of his close friends and colleagues commits suicide because he went broke. Dean then decides to travel to Bhutan with Jesse. In Nepal, two children who are also candidates for the rebirth are encountered, Raju and Gita. Gradually, over the course of the movie, first Jesse's mother and then Lama Norbu tell the life story of Prince Siddhartha, reading from a book that Lama Norbu has given to Jesse. In ancient Nepal, a prince called Siddhartha turns his back on his comfortable and protected life, and sets out on a journey to solve the problem of universal suffering. As he progresses, he learns profound truths about the nature of life, consciousness, and reality. Ultimately, he battles Mara (a demon representing the ego), who repeatedly tries to divert and destroy Siddhartha. Through the final complete realization of the illusory nature of his own ego, Siddhartha attains enlightenment and becomes the Buddha. In the final scenes of the movie, it is found that all three children are rebirths of Lama Dorje, separate manifestations of his body (Raju), speech (Gita), and mind (Jesse). A ceremony is held and Jesse's father also learns some of the essential truths of Buddhism. His work finished, Lama Norbu enters a deep state of meditation and dies. As the funeral ceremony begins, Lama Norbu speaks to the children, seemingly from a higher plane, telling them to have compassion; and just before the credits roll the children are seen distributing his ashes. At the very end of the film credits, the sand mandala that was seen being constructed during the movie is destroyed, with one swift stroke.
Something Always Happens	British	drama	Michael Powell	Peter Middleton is an unemployed car salesman. He rescues hungry street urchin Billy, who has been caught stealing from a street vendor, and takes him under his wing. Peter rents a room. He has no money, but Mrs. Badger, the landlady, is too kindhearted to turn the pair away. When an acquaintance mentions that he has a client who wants to purchase a 1934 Bentley, Peter sees an opportunity to make a commission and scours the streets. He finds one and brazenly inspects it, much to the puzzlement of the chauffeur. In the process, Peter accidentally backs into Cynthia Hatch. When he pretends the car is his, she gets him to take her to a fine restaurant. She lets him believe she is also out of work, but in reality, she is the Bentley's owner. She is well known to the restaurant staff, but she asks the maitre d' to pretend to not know her to play a trick on Peter. Peter eventually confesses he has no money. She talks him into trying to see Mr. Hatch, the wealthy head of several petrol-related companies (and her father). Peter spends all night devising a plan to make petrol stations more attractive to customers by offering additional services, such as dining, dancing and even swimming pools. Meanwhile, Cynthia asks her father to see Peter. The following day, Peter gets to meet Hatch, but Hatch turns him down without even giving Peter a chance to explain his plan. Hatch jokingly suggests he go see Blue Point, a rival which is being beaten down by his company. Peter does so, and is hired as their manager. Peter makes Blue Point a great success, much to the chagrin of Hatch, who had been hoping to buy the struggling company. Peter hires Cynthia as his secretary, still unaware of her true identity. Within a year, Blue Point has overtaken and soared past Hatch's company. When Peter learns that a bypass is going to be built, he plans to buy sites for petrol stations along the route before Hatch hears about it. However, George Hamlin, Blue Point's publicist, has done such a poor job that Peter threatens to sack him; George betrays the plan to Hatch, who outbids Peter's company for all the sites. After Peter receives the bad news, he sees Cynthia taking money from Hatch and concludes that she betrayed him. When he confronts her, she denies it and storms out, but not before revealing that Hatch is her father. Afterward, Peter learns that the bypass will not be built for another fifteen years. Hatch offers to sell some of his holdings to Peter, those he believes the bypass will make worthless. Knowing otherwise, Peter accepts. After the sale, Hatch learns of the delay and realises he has been outwitted. However, he is not too displeased, having come to respect Peter. When Peter runs into George outside Hatch's office, he realises who the real traitor is. Peter then reconciles with Cynthia, much to her father's delight.
Red Ensign	British	drama	Michael Powell	In 1933, David Barr is the manager and chief designer of Glasgow shipbuilding firm Burns, McKinnon & Co. He comes up with a radical new ship design that can carry 25% more cargo for the tonnage and use less fuel at a time when the industry as a whole is in recession. Barr decides to build not just one ship, as Lord Dean advises, but twenty (to bring the costs down to a manageable level). Manning, a rival shipbuilder Barr loathes, hears rumors and sends two men undercover to find out what they can. They manage to get themselves hired. Manning then offers to purchase either the design or all the ships they can build. Both offers are rejected. With the support of June McKinnon, the chief shareholder, Barr proceeds, despite the opposition of Lord Dean and other members of the board. He receives a severe setback when the Government declines to give him a contract or pass a shipping bill, and is driven to use his own money to try to complete the ship. When he runs out and cannot secure a loan to cover the payroll, a rabble-rouser tries to stir up the men, but Barr convinces them to stick by him. June, having heard his rousing speech, offers to let him obtain a loan on the security of her trust fund. Manning's men knock out the night watchman and blow up the ship being built; a man named MacLeod is killed. Bassett, a reporter, informs Barr that MacLeod was third officer on one of Manning's ships. Now needing funds desperately, Barr forges Lord Dean's signature to obtain a loan when Dean, as a trustee of June's trust, refuses to cooperate (partly out of jealousy of Barr and June's developing relationship). Manning finds out and tries to blackmail Barr into selling the design, but Barr refuses to do so and is convicted of forgery. Later, however, Manning is sought for manslaughter, while Barr is present when June launches the first of the new ships, the SS David Barr.
Farewell to the King	American	drama	John Milius	During World War II, American deserter Learoyd escapes a Japanese firing squad. Hiding himself in the wilds of Borneo, Learoyd is adopted by a head-hunting tribe of Dayaks, who consider him divine because of his blue eyes. Before long, Learoyd is the reigning king of the Dayaks. When British soldiers approach him to rejoin the war against the Japanese, Learoyd resists. When his own tribe is threatened by the invaders, Learoyd decides to fight for their rights, and to protect their independence.
 UNindian	Australian	drama	Anupam Sharma	The story is set in Australia in Sydney where Will Henderson (Brett Lee), tall and blonde with a charming smile, who teaches Australian English to immigrants, falls in love with Meera (Tannishtha Chatterjee), a beautiful divorcee Australian woman of Indian origin and a single mother of a 10-year-old girl, Smitha. Meera is smart and independent and has carved out a successful life for herself and her daughter. Meera 's ex-husband Deepak Khurana (Gulshan Grover) had earlier tried to lure and take away infant Smitha with him to India but was nabbed by the police after a complaint by Meera. While Meera's parents (Akash Khurana) and (Supriya Pathak) want to make a good match for her, she is not ready for any relationship. It takes a while before Meera is willing to take a risk by dating Will, despite family pressure to find 'a nice Indian match'; how the situation between Meera and Will develops through a series of ups and down is the focus of the narrative. Smitha confides in Will that she wants to meet her father, to which Will responds by helping her to meet him. But the clever Deepak hatches a plan to leave for India via New Zealand with Smitha. He almost succeeds but is nabbed by the police again after Will reveals to Meera his attempt to help Smitha. Meera lashes out at Will for his folly and tells him that Deepak is gay and a very mean, self-centered man who is least interested in his daughter. Police are informed and block Sydney airport and railway station, ultimately stopping Deepak at the port where he was planning to escape by ship with Smitha. After some misunderstanding, Will decides to quit his job and leave Sydney. Smitha asks her mother to stop Will from leaving since he is a good man at heart. Meera agrees and rushes to the airport to stop Will but finds that the flight has already taken off. She returns home dejectedly but is surprised to find Will there with her parents and daughter Smitha waiting for her.
The Case for Christ	American	drama	Jon Gunn	In 1980, atheist and award-winning investigative journalist Lee Strobel applies his journalistic and legal skills to attempt to disprove his wife Leslie's newfound Christian faith, which creates a rift within his marriage. After completing a thorough investigation for almost two years he finds the historical evidence for Jesus, and then finds a new faith in Christ.[4][5][6]
The Young Messiah	American	drama	Cyrus Nowrasteh	At the age of 7, when Jesus returns from Egypt to his home in Nazareth with his family, he discovers the truth about his life.[7][8] He realizes he is the Son of God, sent by God, to be the savior of humanity. The movie begins with Jesus playing in Alexandria with his cousins when one of the local boys Eliezer beats Jesus and then turns to his female cousin. Satan throws an apple before the bully Eliezer and he falls to his death. Then Satan turns the crowd against the young boy Jesus and they gather around accusing him of cursing Eliezer. His mother saves him from the mob but as he and his cousins hide in the house they ask the young Jesus to do to Eliezer what he did to the young bird. The camera cuts to a flashback of a young Jesus bringing a dead bird to life. Jesus sneaks out of the house and into Eliezer's home where preparations are being made for his disemboweling and burial. When he raises Eliezer from the dead the boy promptly resumes beating Jesus. Eliezer's parents ask Joseph , Jesus and Mary to leave Alexandria saying 7 years is more than enough. Joseph tells Mary, uncle Cleopas and his extended family that he had a dream and it is time to return to Israel because Herod is dead. Mary insists on returning to Nazareth instead of Bethlehem. The family departs for Israel. On the road to Israel Jesus and his family encounter an increasingly unwell Cleopas coughing and though Mrs. Cleopas asks Jesus to heal him , Jesus says he cannot because he has been asked not to. As the family rests Jesus runs off to play and walks straight into an ambush with rebellious Jews waiting for a passing Roman cavalry. One of the rebels tries to shoo away the boy Jesus and when the Romans become suspicious and the attack commences the rebel pushes away the young Jesus from harm's way and sacrifices his own life. One of the Centurions save the boy Jesus from one of the Roman soldiers. Jesus runs back to his family to find Cleopas increasingly delirious and raving by the river Jordan. Jesus cannot resist and moves to heal his uncle Cleopas. As he heals his uncle the news spreads and reaches the new Jewish King who orders his Roman Centurion to find the boy healer and execute him. Jesus and the family run into a man raping a lady by the roadside . The lady knifes the attacker and kills him. Joseph and Uncle Cleopas bury the dead attacker and the victim joins the family on their road to Nazareth. On the way to Nazareth Jesus and the holy family encounter crucifixions of Jewish rebels. Upon arrival at their family home in Nazareth the Roman soldiers arrive and accuse them of banditry and rebellion. Grandmother Sarah arrives in the nick of time and share sweet cakes and good wine to give to the soldiers. The soldiers are won over by the hospitality and spare Joseph and the extended clan. The centurion returns to Herod in the middle of a belly dancing entertainment. He informs the Centurion that he just crucified a man who told him about the return of Jesus. The crucified informant tells the Centurion of the general direction and informs him of a camel he gave to the boy as a gift. The child Jesus is taken to the rabbi for schooling. He amazes them with his wisdom and knowledge and they accept him but Jesus faints on the way back. Satan torments Jesus as he lies unwell and tells him that his little miracles will mean nothing. Jesus is restored to health and he asks to visit Jerusalem for Passover. The centurions track Jesus to Sarah's house in Nazareth but they have already departed for Jerusalem. The soldiers extract information about the boy's name. The soldiers intercept the travelers on the road but the family departs from the road and hides in the caves. Jesus departs from the cave in the middle of the night for Jerusalem all by himself asking God for guidance and safety. Jesus enters Jerusalem, his parents follow looking for him. Jesus is given some coins by well meaning pilgrims and he uses the coins to save a sacrificial dove and sets it free. Jesus finds a blind rabbi and asks about what happened 7 years ago in Bethlehem. Satan guides the Centurions to the boy by the rabbi. The rabbi is healed by the young Jesus. The centurion corners Jesus and the people in the temple gather around Jesus claiming him to be the boy who healed the Rabbi. The Centurion Severus recognizing that all eyes are on him desists from killing the boy and asks them to leave the temple. Severus the Centurion falsely reports to Herod that the young Jesus was murdered by him. Mary tells Jesus the answers to all the questions he was looking for. The movie ends with Jesus running to his family and just wanting to be a child.
A Time of Destiny	American	drama	Gregory Nava	Soldiers Martin (William Hurt) and Jack (Timothy Hutton) are very good friends during World War II. While their friendship grows, they do not realize they are brothers-in-law. Martin eventually learns that Jack is married to his sister Josie (Melissa Leo). When Jack and Josie elope, Jorge (Francisco Rabal), her Basque immigrant father, tracks them down and abducts his daughter in order to dominate her with his old-world notions of marriage. However, when Jorge Larraneta drowns in a lake after an auto accident, Martin (the black-sheep of the family) returns home and learns of his father's death. He vows revenge after he learns his buddy Jack has become his sworn enemy. Martin gets himself assigned to Jack's infantry platoon in Italy in order to seek vengeance.
Sally Marshall Is Not an Alien	Australian	drama	Mario Andreacchio	Twelve-year-old Pip Lawson is obsessed with watching outer space from her telescope. One day when she's watching from a nearby dock, local bully Rhonnie Bronston stops by with her dog. They get into a heated conversation in which Pip leaves with her telescope but forgets her walkman, which Rhonnie leaves with. When Pip returns home she discovers that a strange new family has moved into the house next door. Strange noises come from the shed, causing Pip to not be able to get to sleep. The next day Pip and her friend Ben Handlemen walk to the park were Rhonnie and her pose are. When Pip sees Rhonnie with her walkman she tries to take it back, but she threatens to let her dog on her. The children then notice the new girl Sally Marshall hanging upside down on the playground reading a book and eating a tomato the size of a grapefruit. Rhonnie starts talking about how she must be an alien, and all the kids except for Pip and Ben agree. Pip tells Rhonnie how stupid that is, and that aliens don't exist. Rhonnie then makes a bet with Pip that she has one week to prove that the Marshalls are not aliens or she will get her telescope, which Pip agrees to. Pip begins spying on her new neighbors with her telescope, and taking pictures of the Marshall's around town. She tries with her telescope to look inside the shed to discover the cause of the strange noises but fails. She also sees Sally's teenage brother Wayne Marshall dance stripping in his room by himself with a biker helmet on his head that he never takes off while playing rock music from his stereo. The next day Pip walks by the Marshalls' house and begins throwing tennis balls over the fence. After throwing several balls over the fence Granny Marshall, who seems to be floating on air, gives Pip the ball back. Pip walks around to the front of the house then walks through the gate into the Marshall's back yard. Pip sees the huge tomatoes growing in bushes alongside the fence and takes one just as Sally comes outside. Before Sally talks to Pip she gives her dad a full glass of lemonade that he drinks in a matter of seconds. When Sally takes the glass back she says Hi to Pip, and they have a short conversation. Sally asks Pip if she would like to hang out but Pip says she can't, but maybe another time. Pip then leaves with the tomato in hand. Meanwhile Ben is at the playground because Pip is mad that he kissed her. He then gives Rhonnie the pictures she took in exchange for Pip's walkman in hopes that she will forgive him. The next day when Sally is at the playground the kids are all staring at her once again. When she gets down from the playground the all start chasing her. Pip who is there also follows Sally. When Sally gets away from the kids Pip is still following her. Sally sees Pip and assumes that the kids had been chasing her too. Sally says she knows a way to get away from the kids and tells Pip to follow her. The two then arrive in town were there is a tour boat about to leave. Pip suggests that they get on and they run towards it. Pip easily jumps from the dock on to the boat, but Sally gets scared. Pip talks her threw it then they take their seats. A man in front of them asks Pip to take a picture of him in his girlfriend with his camera. When she's done he says that he will take a picture of Pip and Sally with her camera which she lets him do. When they get off the boat the girls have a trip around town in which doing so they become fast friends. When Pip is buying her and Sally some ice cream Rhonnie drops the pictures Pip took of the Marshall's are on a mission to stop a fat person invading earth on to her table. When Pip returns Sally angrily confronts her about the pictures. Sally then leaves crying. Rhonnie comes out and makes fun of Pip. Pip asks Rhonnie how she got the pictures, and she tells Pip about Ben. Pip yells at Ben then realizes that he has her walkman. She takes it from him believing that he was going to keep it for himself. She then storms off home. That night Pip who is keen on spying again sees Ben inside the Marshall's shed motioning for her to come down. She does and asks him why he's in there. He tells her that he climbed through the window, so he could help her win the bet. He also tells her that the strange sounds she heard were from Mr. Marshall's welding tools. Pip who is so happy forgives Ben and tries to pick the shed lock so Ben can get out. When she's trying to pick the lock all the Marshall's come outside and catch them. Mr.Marshall comes right down to the shed and unlocks the door and Ben comes out. The two kids, speechless, leave intermediately. The next day when Pip sees Sally she apologizes for everything and tells her about the bet. Sally who is touched that Pip would bet her beautiful telescope for her forgives her. Then Pip, Sally and, Ben begin to hang out together. Rhonnie who is made with Pip's discovery rallies together all the kids saying that they need to get rid of the Marshalls, and that they will start with Sally. Pip leaves Sally for a second so she can go to the bathroom. Sally, who is sitting by herself sees all the children coming after her and runs to the end of the dock. The kids corner her so she climbs over the rail and jumps into the water. Pip who realized what was happening ran after the kids and jump into the water. Pip brings Sally back to shore and they are greeted by Ben. Pip and Ben then help a freezing Sally back home. Granny Marshall begins tending to Sally and asks the two to leave her alone for a bit so she can rest. The next day is the end of the bet and Pip and Rhonnie met on the beach with all the children. Pip says that because of the stupid bet Sally almost died, and that she regrets making the bet. She says the Sally Marshall is not an alien but she will quit the bet anyway because she feels so bad about what happened to her. Rhonnie delighted with winning keeps telling Pip that she was right. Pip says that shes not and that she only won because she dropped out. Sally then comes on to the beach and apologizes to Pip about her telescope. Pip tells her it's alright, and I know your not an alien. Then out of nowhere a UFO comes flying and hovers right above the beach. Sally begins crying and tells Pip that she is an alien, and if she doesn't leave now her whole family could die. Pip who is also crying tells her that she's her best friend, and so does Sally. Sally then leaves in the UFO forever. Pip leaves the beach and returns home. Pip's dad comes up to her room and comforts her about Sally. He also gives her, her telescope which he says some kids dropped it off. Pip goes outside and finds Rhonnie and Ben. She thanks Rhonnie for returning her telescope. Rhonnie,Pip, and Ben start talking and slowly begin to become friends. Rhonnie then begins playing fetch with her dog and he finally runs to the stick and brings it back to her. The movie ends with Pip, Rhonnie, and Ben celebrating about the accomplishment.
Bullet	American	drama	Julien Temple	Butch Bullet Stein (Mickey Rourke) is a 35-year-old Jewish ex-convict who is released from prison after serving a 8-year sentence for being an accomplice to a robbery. After his release, Bullet and his best friend Lester rob two teenagers for drugs. He returns to Brooklyn to live with his dysfunctional family, including his alcoholic father, depressed mother, unstable older brother Louis, and his younger brother Ruby, an aspiring artist. Tank (Tupac Shakur) is a local drug kingpin with a score to settle after Bullet stabbed him in the eye while they were serving time together. Bullet seems to welcome the challenge. In the meantime, he keeps himself occupied by shooting heroin and robbing his neighbor's house for jewelry, which he sells to a gangster named Frankie Eyelashes. He also encourages Ruby to follow his artistic dreams. After failing to kill Bullet with poisonous drugs, Tank gets his henchman to start a fight with Bullet. The fight ends in a draw when the henchman breaks his hand. Bullet briefly returns home where he tells his mother he's sorry for everything he put her through over the years. He then accepts his fate and has a final showdown with Tank, who shoots him dead to Ruby's horror. Soon after, Louis gets revenge by cutting Tank's throat and leaving Bullet's pet rat (named Tony Curtis) on the dead body.
Chor Machaye Shor	Bollywood	drama	Ashok Roy	Vijay (Shashi Kapoor) is an engineer, who is in love with a rich girl named Rekha (Mumtaz). Rekha's snobbish father disapproves because Vijay is not wealthy, and so he has arranged for her to be married to a son of an evil politician. The evil politician is played by Madan Puri. Rekha's father and the politician frame Vijay for a crime that he didn't commit, and he goes to jail. When he's in jail, he becomes friends with three other prisoners. All four men escape from jail. After Vijay reconnects with Rekha, they all go to a small village called Shantinagar and help save the village from the evil politician and the bandits that terrorize the town. The evil politician is arrested. Rekha's father feels remorse and accepts Vijay. Vijay and his three prisoner friends go back to jail. However, the film ends on an optimistic tone indicating that their good deeds will be rewarded (i.e. that their prison sentences will be shortened).
Girl with Green Eyes	British	drama	Desmond Davis	Kate Brady (Rita Tushingham), a young girl just out of convent school, moves from her family home in the rural Irish countryside to Dublin, where she works in a grocery shop and rooms with her friend and schoolmate Baba Brennan (Lynn Redgrave). The girls go dancing at clubs and date young men they meet, but the down-to-earth Baba is more socially adept than shy, romantic Kate. On a ride to the countryside with one of Baba's boyfriends, the girls meet Eugene Gaillard (Peter Finch), a sophisticated middle-aged author. Kate is attracted to him, and when she happens to see him again in a Dublin bookshop, uncharacteristically approaches him and strikes up a conversation. A friendship, and later a romantic relationship, develops between Kate and Eugene despite their age difference, her reluctance and inability to have sex with Eugene, and her discovery that he is married with a child, although separated from his wife who has gone to the United States to obtain a divorce. When Kate's father learns that his daughter is seeing a married man and thus committing the mortal sin of adultery, he and his friends go to Dublin and force Kate to return to his rural home, but she runs away and returns to Eugene. Kate's father and his friends threaten Eugene at his home, but are driven off by his no-nonsense housekeeper, Josie, who shoots at them and scares them away. Kate and Eugene then finally succeed in consummating their relationship and live together for a time. Eventually, Kate becomes unhappy as Eugene does not share her Catholic religious beliefs, his friends do not regard Kate seriously, and he continues to correspond with his estranged wife, for whom he still has some feelings. Kate finally leaves Eugene and returns to Baba, who is packing to move to London and invites Kate to come along. Kate hopes that Eugene will come after her and ask her to return to him, but instead he sends word through Baba that their breakup is probably for the best. Sadly, Kate departs for London with Baba, where she gets over her heartbreak and meets different people, different men.
Frog Dreaming	Australian	drama	Brian Trenchard-Smith	An American boy, Cody (Thomas), whose parents have died, lives in Australia with his guardian, Gaza. Cody is very imaginative, inventive, and inquisitive. He builds things in his garage, including a railbike which he uses to get around. Cody comes across some strange events happening in Devil's Knob national park associated with an Aboriginal myth about frog Dreamings and Bunyips. Cody tries to investigate. The occurrences revolve around a pond where a monster the locals call Donkegin supposedly lives. Another myth explored by the children is the story of the Kurdaitcha Man who acts as a sort of Australian version of the Boogey Man as well as a supernatural judge who deals out punishment. The children are told that he punishes any wrongs done according to the laws of the ancient Aborigines including harm to one another, murder of animals without need for food, and destroying the environment (his appearance being most notable according to myth when white men came). The Kurdaitcha Man supposedly wanders the countryside, specifically at night, and wears shoes made of Emu feathers in order to cover any tracks. After Cody witnesses the center of the pond erupting in bubbles, he discovers the desiccated body of a homeless man, Neville, in a tent nearby. The local police investigate but determine only that Neville likely died of a heart attack. Determined to pursue the mystery of the pond himself, Cody fashions a makeshift diving suit and proceeds to explore the murky bottom, but never comes back up. Thinking that he has drowned, the townsfolk decide to drain the pond to recover his body. However, before they can finish, Cody's friend Wendy observes an air toy in Cody's aquarium, and a book on old mining equipment, and realizing Cody may be alive, rallies aid to send a diver team into the pond. The diving team attempts to locate Cody and bring him an oxygen tank, but before they have a chance, the pond begins to bubble and seethe once more. Donkegin emerges with Cody in its jaws and raises its head in an unearthly cry, reminiscent of old, rusted metal. One of the officials recognizes the shape as lights penetrate the weeds and algae that cover Donkegin, giving it its monstrous appearance. They discover that Donkegin is in fact an old Donkey engine or a type of excavator or steam-shovel used in construction work years ago, and the pond is in fact a flooded quarry. It is also revealed that many items have accumulated at the bottom of the pond including a car, a bicycle, oil drums, and other assorted junk. The locals manage to get Cody out and to safety and dispel the myth of the monster in the pond. The myth of the Kurdaitcha Man is further explored when Cody believes he sees him in a dream-like state putting the Donkey-Engine back into the pond. The Kurdaitcha Man is seen as an older Aboriginal man with the feather shoes. The film ends with the mystery unfolded and Cody alongside his friends safe and sound with the Kurdaitcha Man and Donkegin still 'living' and active in their minds.
Bopha!	American	drama	Morgan Freeman	The film opens with a black crowd burning alive a black police officer, from a nearby ghetto that they regard as a traitor. It then switches to the peaceful home of Micah Mangena, a black sergeant in the South African Police. His son Zweli Mangena increasingly questions Micah belief and Micah's wish that Zweli would follow him into the police. Micha's wife also has doubts as the once-peaceful township gets polarised and her neighbours start treating her as an enemy. The initial issue is the use of Afrikaans in the all-black school. The school children speak English, Afrikaans and their own African language, but they resent being taught Afrikaans. To reply in English is an act of rebellion. Zweli dislikes the system but fears the consequence of open opposition. He arranges a meeting between some of the hot-heads and Pule Rampa, a respected figure who has been in prison for anti-Apartheid activities. He seems to be trying to calm the situation, but the police have learned of the gathering and break it up, arresting some of the students and also Pule Rampa. He had been trying to slip away quietly, but Micah anticipates this and arrests him. Micah is in charge of the operation and has attempted moderation, letting some of the students go free. Micah wants to conduct his own questioning. But two members of South Africa's Special Branch have recently arrived and take over. They employ much more brutal methods. Both Micah and his white superior suggest to the Special Branch men that they are perhaps provoking opposition rather than quelling it, by torturing and hanging Pule in his cell. The situation does indeed escalate. Micah and Zweli are increasingly on opposite sides of a widening gap, even though each of them genuinely cares for the other.
The Comedy Man	British	drama	Alvin Rakoff	Sacked from his job in provincial rep, actor Chick Byrd moves into digs in London with Julian, a fellow actor. Julian's career soars after a successful screen test, but Chick's meets with continued failure. Mobilised into action by the suicide of a friend, Chick auditions for a TV commercial and finally finds fame. Confident of his talents for the first time, but fearing he may have sold out, Chick leaves London to return to rep.
Dead Poets Society	American	drama	Peter Weir	In the autumn of 1959, shy Todd Anderson begins his senior year of high school at Welton Academy, an all-male, elite prep school. He is assigned one of Welton's most promising students, Neil Perry, as his roommate and is quickly accepted by Neil's friends: Knox Overstreet, Richard Cameron, Steven Meeks, Gerard Pitts, and Charlie Dalton. On the first day of classes, they are surprised by the unorthodox teaching methods of the new English teacher John Keating, a Welton alumnus who encourages his students to make your lives extraordinary, a sentiment he summarizes with the Latin expression carpe diem. Subsequent lessons include having them take turns standing on his desk to teach the boys how they must look at life in a different way, telling them to rip out the introduction of their poetry books which explains a mathematical formula used for rating poetry, and inviting them to make up their own style of walking in a courtyard to encourage them to be individuals. His methods attract the attention of strict headmaster Gale Nolan. Upon learning that Keating was a member of the unsanctioned Dead Poets Society while he was at Welton, Neil restarts the club and he and his friends sneak off campus to a cave where they read poetry and verse, including their own compositions. As the school year progresses, Keating's lessons and their involvement with the club encourage them to live their lives on their own terms. Knox pursues Chris Noel, a girl who is dating a football player from a public school and whose family is friends with his. Neil discovers his love of acting and gets the role as Puck in a local production of A Midsummer Night's Dream, despite the fact that his domineering father wants him in the Ivy League (and ultimately medical school). Keating helps Todd come out of his shell and realize his potential when he takes him through an exercise in self-expression, resulting in his composing a poem spontaneously in front of the class. However, Charlie takes things too far when he publishes an article in the school newspaper in the club's name demanding that girls be admitted to Welton. Nolan uses corporal punishment to coerce Charlie into revealing who else is in the Dead Poets Society, but he resists. Nolan also speaks with Keating, warning him that he should discourage his students from questioning authority. Neil's father discovers Neil's involvement in the play and forces him to quit on the eve of the opening performance. Devastated, Neil goes to Keating, who advises him to stand his ground and prove to his father that his love of acting is something he takes seriously. Neil's father unexpectedly shows up at the performance. He takes Neil home and says he has been withdrawn from Welton, only to be enrolled in a military academy to prepare him for Harvard. Unable to find the courage to stand up to his father, a distraught Neil commits suicide. Nolan investigates Neil's death at the request of the Perry family. Richard blames Neil's death on Keating to escape punishment for his own participation in the Dead Poets Society, and names the other members. Confronted by Charlie, Richard urges the rest of them to let Keating take the fall. Charlie punches Richard and is expelled. Each of the boys is called to Nolan's office to sign a letter attesting to the truth of Richard's allegations, even though they know they are false. When Todd's turn comes, he is reluctant to sign, but does so after seeing that the others have complied. Keating is fired and Nolan takes over teaching the class. Keating interrupts the class to collect personal articles; before he leaves, Todd shouts that all of them were forced to sign the letter that resulted in his dismissal and that Neil's death was not his fault. Todd stands on his desk and salutes Keating with the words O Captain! My Captain!. Knox, Gerard, Steven, and over half of the class do the same, ignoring Nolan's orders to sit down. Keating is deeply touched by their gesture. He thanks the boys and departs.
White Corridors	British	drama	Pat Jackson	The day-to-day life of the staff and patients at a city hospital.[2]
Yolngu Boy	Australian	drama	Stephen Johnson	After being been initiated together and growing up together, troubled natural born leader Botj (Sean Mununggurr), conservative and traditionalist Lorrpu (John Sebastian) and football loving ladies man Milika (Nathan Daniels) are transitioning from childhood to adulthood. Botj, who has recently been released from prison, decides to break into the local store to get cigarettes and he convinces Lorrpu and Milika to join him. Lorrpu and Milika decide to return home, but Botj remains and gets high by sniffing petrol. He makes his way to the Community Centre, where he lights a smoke, but as he does this, the petrol ignites and the building is burnt down. Determined to help Botj avoid imprisonment, Lorrpu and Milika trek with him from their home in north-eastern Arnhem Land to Darwin to plead his case before Dawu (Nungki Yunupingu), a Yolngu elder. In Darwin, Lorrpu tries to convince Dawu that Botj is rehabilitated, but Dawu does not believe him. Botj fears he may be turned over to the police, so he leaves the group and attempts to find his father. When he finds his father, his father is so intoxicated that he is unable to recognize Botj. Following this, Botj turns to sniffing petrol once again and while under its effects, he falls to his death from a bridge. His body is discovered by Lorrpu and Milika later that day. Lorrpu and Milika return to their original home and their old lives. For Lorrpu, the journey has been a rite of passage, and through it he has been able to gain the acceptance of his elders.[1][2][3][4]
Roop Ki Rani Choron Ka Raja	Bollywood	drama	Satish Kaushik	Jagmohan Lal aka Jugran is a crime lord who wants to climb up the crime ladder. When Customs Officer Verma tries to arrest him, he escapes. To save his skin, Jugran kills his twin brother Manmohan Lal and takes his identity. The world is led to believe that Jugran is still on the run. Jugran kills Verma and Dr Ashok, destroying both their families in process. While Verma's orphaned sons Ramesh and Ravi are separated from each other, Dr Ashok's daughter Seema is left with her distraught mother, who has lost her sanity. Many years later, Jugran has become a big name in the criminal underworld. He lives a double life, acting also as his twin brother Manmohan, who is highly respected in society. Ravi Verma meanwhile, has become an Inspector and Ramesh has become a crook – a safecracker by the name of Romeo. The brothers are unaware of each other's identities, but there is one things that binds them together: one has a lock, the other has the only key that can open the lock. Seema too has become a crook, called Simmi, and her path starts crossing with Romeo's. Romeo is now working for Seth Girdharilal, who mentors many thieves and thugs like him. Only Ravi knows that Jugran killed his father. One day Seema runs into Manmohan, and realizes that it was he who had killed her father. Jugran himself needs somebody to pull a Rs100 crore robbery. He meets her (as Jugran) and tells her that he will need her help to involve Romeo in the operation. Simmi hesitates, until Jugran reveals that he knows the identity of her father's murderer. She meets Romeo and tries to seduce him, but Romeo berates her. Simmi reveals her story to him. Romeo is surprised to see Simmi's mother, since it means that Simmi is actually his childhood sweetheart Seema. Now he reveals his true identity to Seema, and the two pair up. Meanwhile, Ravi too gets an inkling that Jugran is planning something big with help of Simmi and Romeo. Ravi and Romeo run into each other, only to learn that they are brothers. After many twists and turns, Simmi and Romeo finally succeed in turning over the loot to Jugran. After they do this, he binds and gags them after telling Simmi the truth, leaving the pair to die by falling into a container of boiling acid. They are saved by Romeo's pet pigeon. Romeo and Simmi escape, but they get separated from each other. Romeo runs into Ravi, whereupon the latter tries to arrest him. After Romeo tells him the truth, an enraged Ravi reveals to Ramesh that Jugran killed their father too. Ramesh escapes and rejoins Simmi. When he sees Manmohan on TV, Ramesh tells Seema that Manmohan and Jugran are the same person. Meanwhile Ravi gets a tip-off, upon which he turns up at a party almost simultaneously with Ramesh and Seema. Ramesh reveals that when his pigeon perched on Jugran's left hand it left claw marks, just as seen on Manmohan's left hand. Therefore, Manmohan and Jugran are same person. Ravi scoffs at the claim and tells them that Manmohan's fingerprints are available and it won't be difficult to find out that Manmohan and Jugran are indeed two different people. Seeing that his charade is about to come to an abrupt end, Jugran tries to run away. It is revealed that Ramesh had given the tip-off about Jugran to Ravi. Jugran succeeds in escaping, while his men try to kill Ravi, Ramesh and Seema. The three manage to fight their way to Jugran, who himself tries to shoot them. The trio quickly retaliate, killing him on spot.
Two Weeks in September	British	drama	Serge Bourguignon	Model Cecile spends two weeks away from her older lover Philippe and is tempted by a younger man.
Mere Saath Chal	Bollywood	drama	Unknown	Geeta (Smita Patil) has been institutionalized as she had suffered mental trauma in her childhood. She is unable to recall the incidents surrounding the trauma, and is unable to get appropriate treatment. Amit (Farooq Shaikh) meets with Geeta, and falls in love with her. She is able to relate to Amit, and the doctors observe some progress in her treatment. Amit and Geeta both fall in love with each other. However, Amit is to marry Neena (Prema Narayan), and Amit's elder brother, Ravi (Shreeram Lagoo) will not permit him to marry a girl with a mental condition. There are only two options left for Amit - run away from home and marry Geeta; or leave Geeta to an uncertain fate, and marry Neena.[1]
Hamlet	British	drama	Franco Zeffirelli	In Denmark, Prince Hamlet finds himself involved in a conspiracy of power to the royal palace. Cruel uncle Claudius kills his brother and takes the power of the kingdom. After an encounter with the restless ghost of his murdered father, Hamlet feigns madness and plots to take vengeance.
Stella Does Tricks	British	drama	Coky Giedroyc	Stella is one of a number of young prostitutes working for the pimp Mr. Peters in London, having run away from her Glasgow home where she was sexually abused by her father, a stand-up comedian.[2][5] She tries to get away from Peters and becomes involved with Eddie, a heroin addict, before taking her revenge on Peters and her father.
So Well Remembered	British	drama	Edward Dmytryk	At the end of World War II in the Lancashire mill town of Browdley, town councillor, newspaper editor, and zealous reformer George Boswell (John Mills) recalls the past 26 years of his life. In 1919, he defends Olivia Channing (Martha Scott) when she applies for a library job. Her cotton mill owner father John Channing (Frederick Leister) had been sent to prison for almost 20 years for speculating with and losing many people's money. George falls in love with Olivia, though it scandalises the townspeople, and eventually proposes to her. That night, she has an argument with her father. He has Dr. Richard Whiteside (Trevor Howard) drive him into town to speak to George, but they crash on a washed-out road and John is killed. Olivia then agrees to marry George. Trevor Mangin (Reginald Tate), Browdley's most influential businessman, asks George to run for Parliament. Seeing an opportunity to further his reforming efforts, George agrees, much to Olivia's delight. Whiteside brings George an alarming report about the danger of an epidemic in the town's filthy slums. Mangin, who owns many of them, produces a more optimistic one. Given that Whiteside has taken to drinking heavily since the accident, George accepts Mangin's report, causing the council to vote to do nothing. However, a diphtheria epidemic breaks out, just as Whiteside feared. A free clinic is opened to inoculate the healthy children and treat the sick. George tells Olivia to take their son there, but she cannot bear to do it, resulting in the child's death. When George drops out of the election because of Mangin's lies, Olivia tells him that she is leaving him. George realises that she married him solely for his prospects. They go their separate ways. He eventually rises to mayor, while she remarries a rich man and has another son, Charles Winslow (Richard Carlson). Meanwhile, Whiteside takes in a baby girl, Julie Morgan (Patricia Roc), orphaned at birth. George helps raise her. Many years pass. A widowed Olivia returns, takes up residence in her father's mansion, and reopens the Channing mill. Her son becomes a flier in the Royal Air Force in World War II. On leave, he meets Julie and they fall in love. However, Olivia does not want to relinquish her son. Charles is seriously injured in combat, his face disfigured. This enables Olivia to isolate and retain control of him, until George manages to convince him to break free and marry Julie. When Olivia arrives, looking for her son, George reveals that he has figured out that Olivia did nothing to prevent her father from driving to his death, though she must have known that the road was washed out. Whiteside had overheard the Channings' argument; knowing his daughter, John Channing intended to warn George against her.
Transit1	Filipino	drama	Hannah Espia	The film begins and ends in an airport during a father and son’s transit ﬂight from Tel Aviv to Manila. It tells the story of Moises (Ping Medina), a Filipino single-dad working as a caregiver in Herzliya, Israel, who comes home to his apartment in Tel Aviv to celebrate his son Joshua (Marc Justine Alvarez)’s 4th birthday. It was on that day that Moises, together with their Filipino neighbors Janet (Irma Adlawan), and her daughter Yael (Jasmine Curtis), find out that the Israeli government is going to deport children of foreign workers. Afraid of the new law, Moises and Janet decide to hide their children from the immigration police by making them stay inside the house.[4]
Forbidden	British	drama	Anthony Page	German countess Nina von Halder (Bisset) is a student in veterinary medicine in Berlin, Germany on the eve of World War II. Ostracized by her family due to her liberal views and opposition to the Nazi government, she lives alone, independent and strong-willed. The film opens with Nina studying at the library the day Germany invades Poland. She is angered and tells a classmate she knows the reasons Hitler gave for the invasion (to allegedly rescue ethnic Germans) are a pack of lies. One day while on errands Nina witnesses Brownshirts attacking a vendor. She also sees a man attempting to help the vendor. She confronts them and demands to know why he is being attacked. They say they beat him because he sells to Jews. She tells him to leave the man alone or she will report them to her brother-in-law, a high-ranking Nazi official. Later, while attending an informal party hosted by her friend, she recognizes the man who came to the assistance of the vendor. Her friend, Erica, tells her that his name is Fritz Friedlaender and he is a writer. She is immediately attracted to him, but Erica warns Nina that it would be illegal to date him under the Nuremberg Laws because he is Jewish. The headstrong Nina ignores this advice, however, and begins a relationship with him. When he returns home, he finds Nina desperately waiting for him. He tells her what happened. She has worse news for him; the Resistance has discovered that the Nazis are taking the Jews to Nazi death camps in occupied Poland and gassing them. She still believes his mother is still safe in Theresienstadt. She then tells him about a train going to Switzerland. She and her friends are smuggling several Jews on board. She professes her love for him, but wants him to go where he will be safe. That night, they go to the train depot, where he and other refugees are placed in boxes with a small supply of food and water. As she leaves, she sees Fritz running up to her; he loves her so much that he's unable to leave her. Together they return home. Germany is invaded by the Soviet Union. Nina knows that the Russians want revenge for the millions of countrymen murdered by the Third Reich. Attempting to hide in the cellar, they are caught by the Russians and forced outside. Nina yells to the soldiers that Fritz is Jewish, but they ignore her. Once outside, Fritz is forced to kneel as the Russians prepare to shoot him. He starts singing Shema Israel. The Russian soldier lowers his gun and says that he is Jewish too. During the voice-over while the camera pans over a bombed-out and devastated Berlin, Nina tells the audience that Ruth Friedlaender is eventually transferred from Theresienstadt to Auschwitz, where she is gassed. Eventually she and Fritz marry; Fritz dies in 1973.
Praktan	Bengali	drama	Nandita Roy & Shiboprosad Mukherjee	Praktan (former) is basically about Ujaan Mukherjee (Prosenjit) and Sudipa (Rituparna) who have gone through a marriage that did not work. But the director duo has preferred not to show a straightforward relationship tale of these two individuals, preferring instead to use the medium of a train journey to narrate the journey of their failing relationship. The film begins with various people shown boarding a first class A.C. compartment of Jnaneshwari Express from Lokmanya Tilak Terminus, Kurla in Mumbai, the start of a long journey to Kolkata (Howrah). Sudipa finds herself sharing her coupe with Malini aka Molly (Aparajita Adhya) and her young daughter Putul. Others in the compartment include the newly wedded couple Ajay (Biswanath Basu) and his wife (Manali Dey), an elderly couple (Soumitra Chatterjee) and (Sabitri Chatterjee), who are off to Kolkata as their son’s family is departing to the U.S and a group of 4 musicians (popular musicians in real life – (Anupam Roy) along with (Anindya Chatterjee) and (Upal Sengupta) of the popular band 'Chandrabindo'o and (Surojit Chatterjee) who was part of another popular band, 'Bhoomi'). In their own ways, some of the passengers seem to be having something about their past on their minds. The newly married couple briefly talk to each other about their past relationships and get on with their fondness for each other. The elderly couple is sad to leave behind their children but know that they have to move on with their own lives. One of the musicians reminisces about his association with the band that he was part of and his co-founder. And Sudipa finds herself in a spot of bother as she realizes that Malini and Putul are none other than Ujaan’s present wife and daughter. Upset over the same, she clearly demonstrates that she has not completely forgiven Ujaan for whatever happened between them and seems to carry the burden of their memories. A common love for heritage and culture had seen the conservation architect from Mumbai, Sudipa fall in love with Ujaan, an explorer as he liked to call himself and someone who conducted walks of different nature all over Kolkata and nearby towns as a tourist guide. But, of course, life after marriage turned out to be unlike what they had expected leading to their eventual separation. Over the course of the 30 odd hours of the train journey, we come across not just a way of knowing how all these passengers spend their time, but also get an insight into the failed marriage of Ujaan and Sudipa. Ujaan joins them at Nagpur after driving down by road to catch the train. He is surprised to find Sudipa in the same coupe as his family. A non-linear approach in a subtle manner is used to shift the focus on and off from the train journey to the relationship between the two individuals who started off being madly in love, only to see their marriage crumbling in front of their own eyes. They ensure that the focus is more or less only on these two individuals when their past is shown, there is a mention of Ujaan’s close friend and Sudipa’s parents, but they are never really shown. Even the rest of the family members of Ujaan are barely showcased in an attempt to take us through their relationship curve. Over the course of their story we also get to understand how and what went wrong in case of their marriage. Beginning with a sense of apprehension and even disgust in a way, it’s wonderful to see Sudipa gradually opening up to Malini and acknowledging how wrong she was in her assumption about her. There are lots of wonderful moments in the film, like the one where the old lady complains to the railway attendant about the AC and other aspects in horrible Bangla mixed Hindi as her husband humorously points out later. Also, the way Ujaan and Sudipa manage to just about have a soulful discussion about their past and of course the interaction between Malini and Sudipa right at the end. Apart from the “Antakshari” sequence, there is hardly any interaction between the people on the coach. But then, this is essentially the story of Ujaan and Sudipa and their failed relationship. It’s wonderful to see how well-etched Malini’s character is and she is the one who in a way helps bring closure in the lives of both Ujaan and Sudipa.
Ghar Ghar Ki Kahani	Bollywood	drama	T. Prakash Rao	Shankarnath (Balraj Sahni), is an honest Government employee, while on the other hand, his subordinate Sadhuram (Om Prakash) is a corrupt employee. Shankarnath, even though employed in a supervisory capacity, nets only Rs.630/-, and is unable to accede to any of the demands placed by his three school-going children, Ravi, Roopa, and Raja. When the trio declare a hunger-fast until their demands are met, he decides to let them run the household expenses, for a period of six months, by giving Ravi his entire salary. Ravi thinks that he can save a lot of money and get stuff for himself and his siblings - but things go seriously wrong when Raja loses money while gambling; relatives descend on them during Diwali; cash is stolen; and his mother, Padma (Nirupa Roy), becomes seriously ill.
The Stars Fell on Henrietta	American	drama	James Keach	The setting is early America during the oil boom. An elderly, down on his luck 'oil man', Mr. Cox (Robert Duvall) finds himself in the town of Henrietta. Using unconventional methods, he convinces himself and local Don Day (Aidan Quinn) that there is oil on Day's land. The financially strapped Day puts everything into finding oil...but at what cost?[2]
Chalo Paltai	Bengali	drama	Haranath Chakraborty	The film revolves around the relations between a father and a son. Subhomoy (Prosenjit Chatterjee), a widower, lives with his two children- Gourav (Aryann Bhowmik) and Munni (Tathoi Deb). Though poor in studies, Gourav loves cricket as a passion and is an extremely talented in it. Gourav wants to become a cricketer in future, only resulting in his father to oppose his dreams, who's wish is to see his son as something good (an engineer or a doctor). Gourav failed in the school pre-board exams and as a result, his principal did not allow him to sit for Madhyamik. Heartbroken by this, Subhomoy pleaded to the principal to give him 5 days' time, during which Gourav will prosper in studies and produce the required results. But things remain the same. One day, a violent clash occurred between Gourav and Subhomoy and in fury, Subhamoy stroke Gourav, to which he fell and his head got a severe injury after getting hit from the bed. He became unconscious and was immediately taken to the hospital, where the doctors reported that was in coma. Subhomoy, who was deeply hurt with this incident, changed his thoughts and started protesting against the educational system of the state, which pressurized children's minds and took away all their freedom needed to enjoy their childhood. He states his arguments on TV and soon becomes a local hero and the voice of thousands of common people. But the government authorities took no notice of him. Therefore, Subhomoy hatches a plan to directly talk to the Chief Minister. He ties a bomb (which later turns to be fake) with his body and manages to enter into the CM's office. He impresses the CM with his lecture on the disadvantages of the modern day education structure, to which the CM replied that he agreed that there is the need of a change and government will try to achieve it. The film ends as the doctors perform an operation on Gourav which turns out to be successful and he returns as a cricketer, hitting a century in his first cricket match.
Split Decisions	American	drama	David Drury	On the east side of New York City, boxing trainer Dan McGuinn is trying to prepare one of his sons, Eddie, to earn a chance to fight in the Olympic Games, while his other son, Ray, has fallen in with shady men from organized crime. As further information rears into view, Eddie has found out who had killed his brother. He seeks vengeance in return for his brother's death. Eddie enters the ring with Pedroza, the murderer, and defeats him late in the midst of the rounds.
The Rachel Papers	British	drama	Damian Harris	Nineteen-year-old Charles (Fletcher) is a highly self-confident and intelligent teenager about to attend Oxford University. Before he does he intends to use all his charm and charisma to seduce a beautiful American girl, Rachel (Skye). Charles becomes infatuated with Rachel, and after numerous rebuffs he eventually forms a friendship with her. Things become complicated, however, and his strategy is threatened. Rachel already has a boyfriend, DeForest (Spader); however, he is a control freak who treats her badly. With help from his sister Jenny (Sharp), his eccentric brother-in-law Norman (Pryce) and best friend/mentor Geoff (Harris), Charles eventually lures Rachel away from DeForest, and his father Gordon (Paterson) is impressed with Charles' new quarry; however, as the unlikely relationship develops, Charles discovers that his seemingly perfect woman has numerous bad habits and personality traits, just like all of the other lesser girls he has previously seduced. Angered by some of Rachel's habits, Charles becomes bored and is seduced by, and later sleeps with, his old flame Gloria (Skinner), ending his relationship with Rachel, who subsequently moves to New York. Charles still ends up going to Oxford University, but he does not enjoy his time there, feeling that his life is missing something following the end of his relationship with Rachel. Rachel and Charles accidentally meet up again in a museum and spend the whole day together, but at the end, Rachel kisses him only on the cheek, and leaves. We hear Charles in voiceover saying that he tried to remember William Blake's quotation about love being eternal, so that he could say it to Rachel, but was unable to.
Utsav	Bollywood	drama	Girish Karnad	The story is about a courtesan, Vasantasena (Rekha), and her chance meeting with a poor Brahmin man, Charudatta (Shekhar Suman), in Ujjain.
Kamillions	American	drama	Unknown	Robins plays bumbling mad scientist Nathaniel Pickman Wingate, of the Miskatonic University. He works on opening a portal to another dimension while his wife, Nancy (Laura O'Malley) and family prepare his fiftieth birthday party. When he succeeds with contact with the new dimension, two triops-like creatures escape. These creatures possess shape-shifting abilities that allows them to assume the form and identity of anything, and thusly do so with Nancy's cousin, Count Desmon (Christopher Gasti) of Liechtenstein and Jasmine, a model from son Sam's (Dan Evans) poster (Dru-Anne Cakmis). Jasmine and Desmon are shown to be polar behavioral opposites. Jasmine is friendly and intelligent. Via her telepathic abilities she quickly becomes Sam's girlfriend. Desmon on the other hand is ill-behaved, surly, and mischievously malevolent. His mischievous personality drives him to pull terrible tricks on Sam's family via his powers—for example, Lindy (Allison Rachel Golde) overuses the phone, so Desmon stuffs the receiver in her mouth, causing her to go to the ER to have it extracted. Handyman Floyd (Chuck Bartelle) is hurt by some cut wires a vindictive Desmon moves with psychokinesis giving him a severe electric shock. Suffering difficulties in retaining his new body, Desmon frightens off the maid Emma (Lynn Applebaum) when he tries to seduce her. Reverend Lawrence Newman (David Allan Shaw), Nathan's college roommate, tries some bedroom antics with Nathan's sister, Angelica (Kate Alexander); Desmon, clinging to the ceiling above them, uses his powers to transform Lawrence's penis into a dragon-like creature that attacks him. Sam, Jasmine and Sam's best friend, Alex (Andrew Ross Litzky) run to get coolant supplies from the university, which are necessary to prevent an explosion that will destroy half the planet. Jasmine is concerned with doing anything she can to stop Desmon and get back to their own dimension. She spends time, though, with Sam in a '50s-style malt shop, sharing a milkshake with two straws.
Turn the Key Softly	British	drama	Jack Lee	Three women of widely differing backgrounds walk out of the gates of London's Holloway Prison together at the end of their respective sentences. Monica Marsden (Yvonne Mitchell) is a well-bred young woman, led into the world of crime by her smooth-talking but crooked lover David (Morgan); Monica martyred herself by taking the fall for a crime he masterminded. Stella Jarvis (Collins) is a beautiful working-class girl who found her attractive appearance made West End prostitution a source of easy money, and was imprisoned after disregarding numerous cautions for soliciting. Mrs. Quilliam (Harrison) is a kindly elderly widow, who lived in poverty and was jailed for repeat shoplifting offences. Monica proposes that the three should meet up later for a fancy dinner, for which she will pay, to discuss how their first day of freedom has gone. Monica goes to stay at her friend's flat and spends her morning job hunting. Having successfully obtained an office job despite her criminal record, she returns to the apartment and finds David waiting for her there. Although she is initially angry that he let her go to prison alone for the crime he planned and did not stay in contact during her incarceration, his smooth talking convinces her that the two of them can make a fresh start, now that he is gainfully employed as a car salesman. He invites her to accompany him to the theatre later that night. Stella is engaged to Bob (Glyn Houston), an honest bus conductor who is not put off by her past, and has patiently waited for her to get out of prison so they can marry. She resolves to change her ways and make him a good wife. Upon meeting Bob, he tells her they can marry the following week when he can take time off from his work, and gives her three pounds to rent a room (since his landlady will not let Stella stay with him) and buy herself food until the wedding day, promising to meet up with her that evening when his work shift ends. She heads out to rent the room, but her route takes her through Leicester Square, where she visits her prostitute friends and squanders the three pounds on a pair of earrings. Mrs. Quilliam returns to her former room in the poor neighbourhood of Shepherd's Bush, which her landlady has kept for her, and finds her special friend, Johnny. Although she discusses Johnny as if he were a close male friend or relative, Johnny turns out to be her beloved little dog, whom her neighbors have looked after in her absence. Mrs. Quilliam has very little money for necessities like food for herself and her dog. She and Johnny go to visit her daughter, Lila, who has married well and now lives in a nice suburban home with her husband and daughter. Lila, embarrassed by her mother's poverty and criminal record, is not happy to see her mother and coldly sends her away. The three women, along with Johnny the dog, meet up at an elegant restaurant for the planned dinner. Afterwards, Stella, falling back into her old ways, allows a businessman, George Jenkins, to pick her up on the street. They go drinking together, he gets drunk and Stella realizes she is going be late meeting Bob. Just before George falls asleep against a building, he tells Stella he doesn't like her new earrings and offers her money to buy a decent pair. She takes three pounds to replace Bob's money that she spent, puts George's wallet and her earrings back in his pocket, and hurries to meet Bob at Piccadilly Circus. She tells Bob she didn't make it over to rent the room, but that she has not done anything bad, proving it by showing him that she still has the three pounds. The two happily leave Piccadilly together to go rent the room. Mrs. Quilliam stops at a pub, where Johnny accidentally escapes out the door into a strange neighborhood. She frantically hunts for Johnny, and upon seeing him, is so relieved and overjoyed that she rushes into the street without looking, is hit by a car and killed. Monica goes to the theater with David, only to learn after they arrive that he plans to rob a safe in the building and wants her to help him, after which they will both flee the country with the stolen money. She does not want to be involved, but he forces her onto the roof and locks the door, making her wait for him while he climbs down into a nearby window to rob the safe. While she is waiting, she manages to find the key, unlock the door and slip back into the theater, leaving David alone on the roof where he is discovered by security and apprehended by police. After David is taken away, Monica is sadly walking home when she sees the dead Mrs. Quilliam being loaded into an ambulance and learns what happened. She then sees Johnny whimpering nearby, and takes him home to start their new life together.
Black Beauty	British	drama	James Hill	Black Beauty is a stallion who, as a foal in England c 1856, is born in front of a boy named Joe to whom it is given by his father. He is taken by a brutal squire, who takes over Joe's family farm when the bank forecloses on the loan. After the squire is killed, he is acquired by gypsies. After a horse race and fist fight to determine leadership, Black Beauty runs away but is captured by a horse trader who then sells him to a Spanish circus. In the circus, he learns many tricks before being given to Sir William, an arrogant British military man; and then is passed to Sir William's daughter Anne. Anne's fiancé is Lt Gervaise, a half French half English hussar officer whom Sir William accuses of being a coward and unworthy of his daughter's hand. When Gervaise volunteers for overseas active military service to prove his bravery his fiancé gives him Black Beauty as his steed. Black Beauty then travels to the Northwest Frontier (scenes were shot in Spain) Gervaise is killed in battle (possibly based on the Russian presence in India and Afghanistan c1860), and the horse becomes known as a war horse through his bravery and willingness to charge. Because of his bravery he is shipped back to England, but is then sold by Gervaise's comrade in arms, now a penniless and alcoholic army officer. The horse is used for hauling coal by another heartless owner, but acquires pneumonia. At his most sick, he is rescued by a friendly old woman who runs a farm for retired horses and her employee, some time after 1870. The employee turns out to be the boy named Joe whom Black Beauty knew when he was a foal, while the woman was Anna Sewell (author of the original Black Beauty book).
Durbeen	Bangladeshi	drama	Zafor Firoze	Labib a school boy is a believer of equality. He loves all the living beings. Labib's mother died years ago. He has school friends. Although he is a good student, he couldn't concentrate on study because of his missing mother. One day he gets a new class teacher in school. The teacher inspires him to learn through interesting teaching process. They become good friends. Labib's father makes a sudden decision to send him abroad for better education, but Labibe can not accept it as this would imply leaving his friends and his new teacher. Labib becomes physically and mentally sick. After some days his father changes his mind, allowing Labib to stay.
Spare Parts	American	drama	Sean McNamara	Oscar Vazquez (Carlos PenaVega) goes to an American Forces Career Center to enlist into the U.S. Army, while he is waiting for his interview, he sees a video announcement and brochures about a Marine Underwater Robotics Competition, an event sponsored by NASA and the United States Armed Forces. Although he distinguished himself as part of the Carl Hayden High School Junior Reserve Officer Training Corps, he is forbidden to join because of his status as an undocumented immigrant and he is recommended not to present himself to any government office to avoid being reported to the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency. Vazquez lies to his mother about his progress in the Army and starts investigating about the Underwater Robotics Competition, looking for another way to move ahead in life. Although he doesn't have any previous formal teaching experience, being between jobs, Fredi Cameron (George Lopez) interviews for a vacant substitute teacher position at Carl Hayden High School. The principal (Jamie Lee Curtis) questions his job stability record, but eventually hires Cameron because of his Ph.D. and engineer credentials. After the interview, while in the school's parking lot, Lorenzo Santillan overrides Cameron's car temperature safety sensor for $20, so he can avoid a more costly repair job. As part of his normal teaching responsibilities, Cameron is assigned to oversee an engineering club, where he meets Vazquez, who is looking for help to build a remotely operated underwater robot for the UCSB robotics competition. Cameron grudgingly accepts to help, even though he doesn't feel he is going to remain at the school for long. Vazquez, looking for more kids to join the engineering club, talks to teacher Gwen Kolinsky (Marisa Tomei), who recommends Cristian Arcega (David Del Rio). After agreeing to help, Arcega takes the technical lead of the project and sketches an early design of the potential robot. Before starting to build it, Cameron suggests a prototype so they can do a proof of concept model. Cameron starts to learn about the competition rules and requirements, which demands the robot to successfully complete a series of underwater tasks. Kolinsky offers to help teaching him about the BASIC programming language, which he is going to need to implement the robot's intelligence module. After catching Santillan stealing from the principal's car, Cameron forces him to join the team and the now named Robotics Academic Club, so he can help with the mechanical design and building of the prototype. They later recruit Luis Aranda, for being strong enough to help lift the machine in and out of the pool. Because of a lack of funds to see the project through, the team starts looking for spare parts and asking for donations from the local businesses, which raise $663.53, plus $134.63 given by Cameron himself. The small budget forces them to scale back the original design and to innovate in how the robot is constructed, which they end up naming Stinky because of the smell it had when they glued it together.[6] Needing to go from Phoenix to Santa Barbara also created problems because three of the four boys were undocumented immigrants from Mexico.[7][8] The day before the competition, they had to fix a critical electrical problem, due to a leak in the case that protected the intelligence module, by using tampons to contain the water. Facing several highly funded college teams, their robot finished the practical segment of the competition in fourth place with 75 points after missing three tasks. They were still hopeful for a chance to make it into third place because 30% of the total score would be based on the judges' technical evaluation and interview of the teams. The night of the awards ceremony, they are given a Special Achievement award, which the team assumes is their final result. They are later surprised when they are announced as the champions of the event.
The Road Within	American	drama	Gren Wells	After his mother's death, Vincent (Robert Sheehan), a teenager with Tourette Syndrome, is enrolled in a behavioural facility by his father. While there he rooms with Alex (Dev Patel), a Brit with obsessive compulsive disorder, and meets Marie (Zoë Kravitz) who is in recovery for an eating disorder. After a child films Vincent with his cellphone and Vincent attacks him, he and Marie are called into Dr. Rose's office where she chastises them and Marie steals her car keys. When Alex discovers Marie and Vincent running away in the middle of the night, he attempts to warn Dr. Rose and is kidnapped by them. The three of them head towards the ocean where Vincent hopes to scatter his mother's ashes. However Vincent does not remember the exact location of the beachside trip he and his mother made years ago. The trio finally settle on Santa Cruz as their destination. Dr. Rose informs Vincent's father, Robert, that his son has gone missing and rather than allow the police to apprehend them, she and Robert attempt to track them down. Along the way Marie develops a crush on Vincent. When they finally reach the ocean Marie collapses before they can reach the water. Marie is hospitalized and while there, the three are reunited with Dr. Rose and Robert. Marie, who is being force fed and has been restrained asks Vincent to run away with her but Vincent refuses. Instead he has a conversation with his father, who apologizes for treating him poorly and decides to stay in Santa Cruz so he can be near Marie. Rather than leave with Dr. Rose, Alex decides to stay with him.
Meditation Park	Canadian	drama	Mina Shum	Opened by Mandarin theme song, Meditation Park takes place in home of Cheng Pei Pei as Maria, a 60 year old grandmother. In the opening scene, Maria's family is gathered at the dinning room table for a celebratory dinner. Here, watchers learn that Maria and her husband, Bing, immigrated from Hong Kong to Vancouver 39 years ago in order to create a better life for their children. However, Maria seeks to rebuild her independence when she discovers an orange thong in her husband's pants pocket [5]. The story commences after Maria decides to follow her husband in a cab around the city, inspired by a crime stopping television series she saw earlier that week. After raising enough money to pay the meter, Maria begins her pursuit. Once her husbands infidelity is confirmed, Maria keeps this new information secret, creates a resume and attempts to find a job. While handing out resume's, Maria is offered temporary work as a receptionist by a family friend where she quickly realizes her professional skills are outdated. Instead, she befriends three local cantonese women: May, Anita and Su. She joins the elderly women in selling illegal backyard parking where she formally meets Gabriel, another friendly neighbour. As srong bonds are made between these new friends, they rely on one another for emotional support during difficult times. With additional help and support from daughter Ava, Maria is further encouraged to find her independence. Maria tackles on bike riding and outruns a bi-law officer during backyard parking mishap. Meanwhile her husband plans a trip to Tokyo with new girlfriend. Driven by her curiosity, Maria decides to follow husbands mistress to a local park where she was seen sitting on a bench. As Maria pretends to search for garbage, she observes the other women. Once Maria returns home thinking she has gone unseen, a young lady presents herself on her doorstep with important information regarding her son, Charlie [6].
Amar Bodyguard	Bengali	drama	Haranath Chakraborty	Anol (Naziur Rahman) is a philanthropist who spends his time doing good deeds and helping out people. One day he comes across Ankhi, a spoilt urchin who thinks of money. From that moment they become inseparable and they always go together to all places. It seemed as if that Ankhi loved Anol, but actually, she didn't. On the other hand, Anol (Hamidur- the protagonist of the film) fell in love with her and later on, one day, Anol confessed his love for her. But, in reply, Ankhi said that she was just playing a game with him and that he was just like her bodyguard, whom she took everywhere with her for her own safety. However, Anol's love was able to change Ankhi's mindset. In the meantime, Ankhi's fiance, Jayanta (Arka) tries to kill Anol by employing goons and Anal is arrested on false charges. Afterwards, the charges were reversed when it was revealed that Jayanta was the culprit. The film ends as Jayanta is arrested and Ankhi goes back to Anol. Ankhi is helped by Anol who helps her get over her mistakes.[2]
The Crucible	American	drama	Nicholas Hytner	Early one morning in Salem, Massachusetts in 1692, some young village girls meet in the woods with a Barbadian slave named Tituba. One of the girls, Abigail Williams, kills a chicken and drinks the blood, wishing for John Proctor's wife to die. They are discovered by Abigail's uncle, Reverend Samuel Parris. As the girls run away, Parris' daughter Betty falls over unconscious. Parris questions Abigail about the events that took place in the woods; Betty will not awaken, nor will Ruth, the daughter of Thomas and Ann Putnam, who was also dancing. This strikes Mrs. Putnam hard as she had seven other children before Ruth who died at childbirth. The Parris household is also visited by Giles Corey, who suspects that the children are just acting out, and John Proctor, with whom Abigail had an affair and whose wife she wants dead. Abigail still loves Proctor, but Proctor has realized his mistake and left her. The Putnams and Reverend Parris believe that Betty and Ruth are demonically possessed, so they call Reverend John Hale from Beverly to examine Betty. To save herself and the other girls from punishment, Abigail claims that Tituba was working with the devil. After being whipped, Tituba confesses to being a witch, and is saved from being hanged. Struck by their new power, the other girls begin naming other women whom they saw with the devil, including Elizabeth Proctor, John Proctor's wife. John, determined not to give his former lover her vengeance, insists that his servant, Mary Warren, one of the afflicted girls, testify in court that the witchcraft was faked. Although Mary Warren is frightened of Abigail, she eventually agrees. In the court, Francis Nurse gives a list of names of people who vouch for the accused; in response, the judges order that all on the list be arrested and brought in for questioning. Giles Corey insists that when Ruth Putnam accused Rebecca Nurse, Mr. Putnam was heard to tell his daughter that she had won him a fine gift of land. Corey refuses to name the person who heard this remark, and the judges order Corey's arrest. Meanwhile, Mary Warren insists she only thought she saw spirits but is later cowed by the other girls into recanting her recantation. Elizabeth Proctor says she is pregnant and will be spared from death until the baby is born, but he insists on charging the girls with false witness. The other girls are called in and asked if they were lying about the witchcraft but cause a commotion, screaming that Mary Warren is putting a spell on them. To demonstrate that Abigail is not innocent, John confesses to having had an affair with her. He claims that Abigail accused Elizabeth in order to get rid of her so that she could marry him. Abigail denies the accusation to protect her reputation, so Elizabeth is called in to see if the accusation is true. However, not knowing that John confessed and wanting to save his reputation, she lies. As Reverend Hale tries to persuade the court that John is being honest, the girls turn the court further against the Proctors by screaming that Mary Warren is attacking them in the form of a yellow bird. Although John correctly believes that they were pretending, as he had previously accused, the girls create another commotion, running outside from the bird into a nearby lake, making the court think that they are honest. To save herself from being hanged as a witch, Mary Warren accuses John of witchcraft. When asked if he will return to God, John despairingly yells I say God is dead! and is arrested as a witch. On the day before John Proctor is to be hanged, Abigail attempts to convince the court that Reverend Hale's wife is also a witch (because Hale was the lone person in the town who doubted her claims). However, this plot backfires as the judges do not believe her: a minister's wife is considered to be pure. In time, the girls become outcasts and Abigail steals Reverend Parris' money to catch a ship to flee to Barbados, but not before asking John to go with her, telling him she never wished any of this on him. He refuses stating It's not on a boat we'll meet again, but in Hell. On the eve of John's hanging, Parris, fearing that his execution will cause riots in Salem directed at him, allows John to meet with Elizabeth to see if she can make her husband confess to save his life. John agrees and writes the confession. The judges insist that the confession must be publicly displayed with his own signature to prove his guilt and to convince others to confess, but John angrily shouts Leave me my name! and tears up the confession, determined to keep his name pure for his sons. He is taken away to be hanged. John Proctor, Rebecca Nurse and Martha Corey recite the Lord's Prayer. Before they finish, they are pushed off the platform edges to their instant death.
Mademoiselle from Armentieres	British	drama	Maurice Elvey	The unnamed Mademoiselle (Brody) helps her aunt to run a restaurant in Armentières. British soldier Johnny (Stuart) has fallen in love with her, and she shows signs of reciprocation. The local liaison officer asks Mademoiselle whether she can find out anything about a customer named Branz, who has aroused suspicion. By working her charms on him to gain his confidence, she discovers that he is a German spy. Mademoiselle has to keep her mission secret to avoid giving away her real motives. However Johnny misinterprets the attention she pays to Brandt, assuming her to be fickle. Johnny is summoned to the fighting line before Mademoiselle can explain herself. Once she has fulfilled her mission, she goes in search of Johnny to put him in the picture. She finds his regiment in a captured German trench, with Johnny wounded. Then the trench is recaptured by the Germans with Branz in tow. Things look bleak until the British forces counter-attack and once again take the trench, killing Branz in the process. Mademoiselle and Johnny are trapped when the trench wall collapses, but manage to extricate themselves and look forward to their future together.
Muktodhara	Bengali	drama	Nandita Roy & Shiboprosad Mukherjee	Niharika Chatterjee is the wife of public prosecutor Arindam Chatterjee. Arindam is a dominating husband who is a male chauvinist. He dominates Niharika. Thus, Niharika is unhappy with her marriage life. They both have a sweet little child who is deaf and dumb. Niharika organises a party for girls who are physically challenged like her own daughter. There, she meets new Inspector General of correctional cells of West Bengal, Mr. Brij Narayan Dutta. The latter informs Niharika his plans and ideas of reforming convicts of the correctional cells. Being aware of Niharika's talent and skills, he requests Niharika to help him organise an event with the prisoners. Niharika agrees to the proposal with a condition that her husband needs to be kept in the dark. One day while they were having a rehearsal, Niharika wished to stage Rabindranath Tagore's Valmiki-Pratibha involving the inmates of the correctional cells. Niharika informs B.N.Dutta about it. B.N.Dutta likes the idea and approves the proposal. In the cellular jail, Yusuf Mohammad is a very well known criminal. He is accused of murder, kidnapping, etc. B.N.Dutta wants him to be in the play. He succeeds in convincing Mohommad Yousuf. It is he who later becomes Niharika's main protagoinst in the stage play. Mohammad Yousuf gradually changes as Niharika keeps training them. They plan to escape from the jail at the day of the play. But, the feeling of guilt encompasses Mhd. Yousuf and though they got out of the jail through a tunnel, they return and complete the play.[7][8][9][10][11]
Drishti	Bollywood	drama	Govind Nihalani	Sandhya (Dimple Kapadia) and Nikhil (Shekhar Kapur) are a happily married, urban, professional couple. Coming from middle-class families, they have risen in their professional life by virtue of merit and hard work. On their eighth wedding anniversary, one of their friends brings his nephew Rahul (Irrfan Khan) who is a classical singer. Sandhya develops an attraction and has an affair with him. She confides in her friend Prabha but does not tell Nikhil. After a couple of months, the affair ends. After about a year, Nikhil falls in love with Vrinda, his assistant in the lab. He tells Sandhya about it and leaves her. Sandhya is shattered and they part. Four years after the divorce they meet again, and Sandhya mentions her affair with Rahul.[1]
Damage	British	drama	Louis Malle	Dr. Stephen Fleming (Irons), a physician by training who has entered politics and become a government minister for the environment, leads a privileged life in London with his wife Ingrid (Richardson) and young daughter Sally (Gemma Clarke). Their adult son, Martyn (Graves), a rising young journalist, lives elsewhere in London. At a diplomatic reception, Stephen meets a young woman named Anna Barton (Binoche), the daughter of a British diplomat and Elizabeth Prideaux (Leslie Caron), her four-times married French mother who lives in Palm Springs. Anna, who works in the arts and antiques department at Sotheby's auction house, introduces herself as a close friend of Martyn's but it is apparent that Stephen and Anna are instantly attracted to each other. A short time later, Martyn brings Anna with him when he briefly drops by his parents' sumptuous home to introduce her to his family and reveals that they are romantically involved. The developing sexual tension between Stephen and Anna becomes increasingly clear at this brief meeting although Martyn and his mother seem oblivious to this. Despite her relationship with Martyn, Anna arranges a tryst with Stephen at her small London town house. The following day, Martyn is appointed deputy political editor at his London-based national newspaper. Ingrid arranges a dinner to celebrate in London. While at dinner, Ingrid shows a distrust in Anna and asks her aggressive questions regarding her childhood. Anna mentions the loss of her brother who was a year older than her and committed suicide when he was 16. When Ingrid asks why he killed himself, Anna replies, Love. After dinner, Martyn drops off Anna and Stephen follows them. Once he leaves, Stephen talks to Anna about how much he wanted to touch her during dinner. They have sex on the floor and in the bed. It is in bed that Anna describes in detail the suicide of her one-year older brother at age 16 after he had expressed an incestuous desire for her, saying he wanted me all to himself and not to grow up. She also says that damaged people are dangerous and she hates a possessive relationship with anyone. Stephen's obsession with Anna deepens further and on a whim he leaves halfway through a two-day European Parliament conference in Brussels to travel by train to Paris where Anna is spending the weekend with Martyn. While Martyn sleeps in their hotel room, Stephen and Anna have public sex in broad daylight in a church's open doorway as the church bell peals in the background. Afterwards Stephen checks into a hotel across the street from Anna and Martyn's, spying on the couple through his window. By then his infatuation has reached a point where he desires to be with Anna permanently, even at the risk of destroying his relationship with his son and family. In a meeting in a London park, however, Anna dissuades Stephen from doing this, assuring him that as long as she is with Martyn he will always have access to her. During a subsequent visit to Anna's home, Stephen finds that another man named Peter Wetzler (Peter Stormare) is already present and he tells Stephen that they are former lovers. A jealous Stephen initially assumes that Anna is cheating on him and, when Peter leaves, returns and confronts her. Anna denies being currently involved with Peter, and then recounts that she had compulsively run to Peter and slept with him as a reaction to her brother's suicide, which she had witnessed. Stephen is placated by this explanation and the couple once again have sex. The Flemings travel to Hartley, the country estate of Ingrid's father, Edward Lloyd (Bannen), a retired but still well connected senior politician who has acted as Stephen's political mentor, to celebrate Ingrid's birthday. It is there that Martyn announces his engagement to Anna, which visibly disturbs Stephen. That night, after Stephen receives oral sex from Anna, his daughter Sally observes him leaving Anna's room. After returning to London an anxious Stephen lies to Sally about what she saw, telling her that he was merely talking to Anna to try to bring all the parties together about the upcoming marriage because Ingrid was upset about it. Later the Flemings have an awkward lunch with Anna's mother, Elizabeth, who is discouraging about the marriage and notices the strained behavior between Anna and Stephen. She correctly deduces that they are having an affair and, during a car ride with Stephen back to her hotel, warns him to put an end to it. Stephen initially complies and calls Anna to end their relationship. He tries to confess his misdeeds to both Martyn and Ingrid, but shies away from doing so both times. Stephen instead succumbs to temptation and phones Anna's home but hangs up saying nothing when Martyn (who is now living there with her) answers the phone. Anna then rents a small renovated flat and mails him the keys so they can meet there. She tells Stephen that she could not marry Martyn without being with him. They go to the flat at an appointed time and begin another raucous tryst, but Martyn — having discovered about the flat by chance — finds them in bed together. Stunned, he accidentally falls backwards over a stairway railing and plunges to his death. A devastated nude Stephen clutches Martyn's body while Anna silently leaves the scene. Stephen's affair is exposed and becomes the subject of a media frenzy, with a mob of reporters convening outside his house. Inside, an anguished Ingrid reacts to the day's events by questioning whether he had ever been in love with her and tells him that she wishes they had never met. Everyone only has one person in life, she tells Stephen. Mine was Martyn and yours was Anna. Now publicly disgraced, Stephen resigns both his government position (he was to be appointed secretary of state for health with a place in the cabinet) and his seat in the House of Commons. He meets Anna's mother at a hotel and finds that Anna is staying with her but they say nothing to each other as they meet for the last time. Stephen withdraws himself from public life and, leaving his wife and daughter, retires to a rented room in an unknown town in southern Europe. In narration, he reveals that Anna now has a child with Peter. In his room he stares at a photo Martyn gave him of himself with Anna and Martyn, blown up to life size and hanging on his wall.
The Prince of Tides	American	drama	Barbra Streisand	Tom Wingo, a teacher and football coach from South Carolina, is asked by his mother, Lila, to travel to New York City to help his twin sister's psychiatrist, Susan Lowenstein, after his sister Savannah's latest suicide attempt. Tom hates New York but reluctantly accepts, largely to take the opportunity to be alone and away from a life that does not satisfy him. During his initial meetings with Lowenstein, Tom is reluctant to disclose many details of their dysfunctional family's secrets. In flashbacks, Tom relates incidents from his childhood to Lowenstein in hopes of discovering how to save Savannah's life. The Wingo parents were an abusive father and an overly proud, status-hungry mother. The father was a shrimp boat operator and, despite being successful at that profession, spent all of his money on frivolous business pursuits, leaving the family in poverty. Tom is also torn with his own problems but hides behind what he calls the Southern way; i.e., laughing about everything. For example, his wife Sallie is having an affair, and her lover wants to marry her. Tom and Lowenstein begin having feelings for each other. After Tom discovers that she is married to Herbert Woodruff, a famous concert violinist, Lowenstein introduces Tom to her son Bernard, who is being groomed to become a musician as well but who secretly wants to play football. Tom starts coaching Bernard along with attending sessions with Lowenstein to help his sister. Tom discovers that Savannah has been in such a dissociated state that she even had a different identity, Renata Halpern. As Halpern, she wrote books to disguise the Savannah side of her troubled life. Tom confronts Lowenstein over not revealing this information before, and they argue, during which she throws a dictionary at him. To apologize, she asks him to dinner, and their relationship becomes closer. Tom has a fateful meeting with his mother and stepfather, bringing up painful memories. Tom reveals that, when he was 13 years old, three escaped convicts invaded his home and raped him, his mother, and his sister. His older brother, Luke, killed two of the aggressors with a shotgun, while his mother stabbed the third with a kitchen knife. They buried the bodies beneath the house and never spoke of it again. Tom suffers a mental breakdown, having now let loose a key piece of Savannah's troubled life. After a session of football, Herbert orders Bernard to return to his music lessons and to prepare to leave for Tanglewood, a prestigious music academy. Tom is invited to a dinner at Lowenstein's home, along with poets and intellectuals. Herbert is overtly rude and reveals that Tom's sister is in therapy with his wife. Infuriated, Lowenstein voices her suspicions about her husband's affairs. Tom takes Herbert's million dollar violin and threatens to throw it off the high-rise balcony unless Herbert apologizes. Tom throws the violin in the air, Herbert nervously apologizes, and Tom catches the violin before it falls. Tom spends a romantic weekend with Lowenstein at her country house. Savannah recovers and is released from the hospital. This recovery is due to finally learning about things she has repressed from her childhood, most notably the rapes. Her first suicide attempt at age 13 was after the rapes and murders of the three convicts. Tom then receives a call from his wife who has finally decided she wants him back. He loves Lowenstein and his wife both, but has loved his wife longer, not more, he tells Lowenstein. He returns home, not being a man to abandon his wife and three daughters, wishing that two lives could be given to each man and woman. He's happy in his renewed life, after finally working out the traumatic events in his past, thanks to Lowenstein, but thinks of her daily as he reaches the top of the bridge on his drive home from work. Her name comes to him as a kind of prayer, a blessing.
Identity Unknown	British	drama	Frank Marshall	Two reporters develop a relationship while investigating an aircraft accident.
Lost Angels	American	drama	Hugh Hudson	Tim Doolan (Horovitz), a troubled youth from a broken home in Los Angeles, is sent to a private psychiatric hospital after an altercation with the police turns violent. In the hospital, he makes a connection with Dr. Charles Loftis (Sutherland), a man with issues of his own.
Reach for Glory	British	drama	Philip Leacock	A group of boys, evacuated during World War II from London to a coastal town, form a gang and play war games. Too young to fight in the war and afraid it will be over by the time they come of age, the group members, who are also in the school's Army Cadet Force initiate a battle with the local teenagers. Curlew, a local youth, invites an Austrian Jewish refugee with whom he has formed a close relationship to take part in the shenanigans. At first the Jewish boy, Stein, is scorned because of his Germanic heritage but is later allowed to join. When Stein runs off during a fight, the youths decide to give him a fake court-martial and execution, but real bullets are used by a freak mistake and Stein is killed.
Kitty	British	drama	Victor Saville	In pre-World War I London, handsome young aviator Alex St. George (Stuart) meets and falls in love with shopgirl Kitty Greenwood (Brody). He asks her to marry him, to the horror of his snobbish, class-bound mother (Dorothy Cumming), who is appalled by the notion of her son marrying into a family who run a tobacconists shop. Before the wedding can take place, war breaks out and Alex is called up to serve as a pilot. Seeing her opportunity to sabotage the relationship, Mrs. St. George sets about trying to poison Alex's mind against Kitty by feeding him via letter a string of malicious and false tales about Kitty's behaviour, alleging that in his absence she is frequently to be seen around town flirting and behaving in an improper manner with other young men. Alex becomes so unnerved and distraught about his mother's stories that his concentration is affected and he crashes his plane, suffering not only critical injuries which leave him in danger of paralysis, but also amnesia. Alex is repatriated to England for treatment and faces a long and painful physical rehabilitation and the struggle to regain his memory, while at the same time a battle of wills is being waged by his mother and Kitty, both trying to convince him that the other is lying. Eventually Kitty succeeds in rekindling his love for her, and Mrs. St. George is crushed.
Public Access	American	drama	Bryan Singer	A clean-cut drifter ends up in a small town called Brewster. Getting wind of the local public-access television cable TV station, the man decides to host his own show called Our Town, which becomes a focal point for town citizens to call in and voice their problems anonymously. However, things start to get ugly and tensions rise for the show, which begins to elevate the man's signature catchphrase What's wrong with Brewster? into an entirely new subject for the people of Brewster, when the town becomes embroiled in a mess it has created, driven by a man whose intentions might be far more sinister than he appears to be.[1]
Above the Rim	American	drama	Jeff Pollack	Kyle Watson is a talented basketball player who is about to graduate from high school. While he waits to find out if he will receive a scholarship to Georgetown University, he finds himself in a difficult dilemma over a playground basketball tournament. He must decide whether to play for and follow his widely beloved basketball coach Mike Rollins, or Birdie, a local thug in the neighborhood. Thomas Shep Sheppard, a former standout player himself, now works as a high school security guard. Kyle feels resentment towards the security guard, because Kyle's own mother is falling in love with Shep. Coincidentally, Kyle's coach also wants Shep to coach his team when he feels it is time for him to retire. It is later revealed to Kyle that Shep is Birdie's older brother. Kyle makes a decision to run with Birdie's team until he decided to come back to his old team, because of Birdie's wrongful actions against Flip and Kyle's friend Bugaloo. In the tournament, both Kyle's and Birdie's teams march to the finals, with Kyle's team playing solid team basketball, while Birdie's team plays a very thuggish style. Before the finals, Birdie threatens Kyle, demanding Kyle to throw away the game, so that Birdie's team would win. Kyle is brutalized throughout the game, with Birdie's team having a solid lead, and is injured. Shep, unable to watch anylonger, replaces Kyle in the game - despite being aggressively attacked throughout, Shep helps the team come back, and in the final seconds, passes the ball to Kyle, who hits the game winner. After the loss, Birdie orders Motaw, his star player and gang member, to kill Kyle. Shep protects Kyle and is shot, while Motaw is shot dead by security. Birdie is later killed by Bugaloo as revenge for previous humiliations. In the end, Kyle is revealed to have gotten the scholarship to Georgetown University - during a televised game, Kyle hits the game winner, while a recovered Shep watches with a smile.
The Red Shoes	British	drama	Michael Powell, Emeric Pressburger	At a performance by the Ballet Lermontov at Covent Garden Opera House, music student Julian is in attendance to hear the ballet score Heart of Fire, composed by his teacher, Professor Palmer. Separately present is Victoria 'Vicky' Page, a young, unknown dancer from an aristocratic background, with her aunt, Lady Neston. As Heart of Fire progresses, Julian recognises the music as one of his own compositions. During the performance, Prof Palmer receives an invitation to an after-ballet party at Lady Neston's residence, also asking Boris Lermontov, the company impresario, to attend. Julian leaves the performance in disillusionment at his professor's plagiarism of his music. Lermontov and Vicki meet, and he invites her to a rehearsal of the company. Julian has written to Lermontov to explain the circumstances behind Heart of Fire but then tries to retrieve the letter. Lermontov's assistant Dimitri thwarts all attempts by Julian to gain entry to Lermontov's suite, but finally Lermontov gives Julian an audience. Julian says that he wishes to retrieve his letter before Lermontov has seen it, except that Lermontov has already read the letter. Lermontov asks Julian to play one of his own works at the piano. After hearing Julian play, he hires him as a repetiteur for the company orchestra and assistant to the company's conductor, Livingstone Montague (known colloquially to the company as 'Livy'). Lermontov realises that Julian was the true composer of Heart of Fire. Julian and Vicky arrive for work at the Ballet Lermontov on the same day. Later, Vicky dances with Ballet Rambert in a matinee performance of Swan Lake at the Mercury Theatre, Notting Hill Gate, in a production with a company led by Marie Rambert (who appears in the film as herself in a wordless cameo). Lermontov realises her potential and invites Vicky to go with Ballet Lermontov to Paris and Monte Carlo. He decides to create a starring role for her in a new ballet, The Red Shoes, for which Julian provides the music. The Red Shoes ballet is a great success, and Lermontov revitalizes the company's repertoire with Vicky in the lead roles, with Julian composing some of the most successful scores. In the meantime, Vicky and Julian have fallen in love but keep their relationship a secret from Lermontov. Lermontov begins to have personal feelings toward Vicky and becomes resentful of the relationship between Vicky and Julian after he learns of their romance. Lermontov fires Julian, and Vicky leaves the company with him. They marry and live in London, where Julian works on composing a new opera. Some time later, Vicky receives a visit from Lermontov, who convinces her to return to the company to dance in a revival of The Red Shoes. On opening night, Julian appears in her dressing room; he has left the premiere of his opera at Covent Garden to take her back with him. Lermontov arrives, and he and Julian contend for Vicky's affections. Torn between her love for Julian and her need to dance, she cannot decide what to do. Julian, realising that he has lost her, leaves for the railway station, and Lermontov consoles Vicky, urging her to dance. While being escorted to the stage and wearing the red shoes, Vicky, apparently under the influence of the shoes, runs out of the theatre. Julian, on the platform of the train station, runs towards her. Vicky jumps from a balcony and falls in front of an approaching train. Shaken, Lermontov appears before the audience to announce that Miss Page is unable to dance tonight – nor indeed any other night. As a mark of respect, the company performs The Red Shoes with a spotlight on the empty space where Vicky would have been. While lying close to death on a stretcher, Vicky asks Julian to remove the red shoes, just as in the end of The Red Shoes ballet.
Red River	Chinese	drama	Zhang Jiarui	A Tao (Zhang Jingchu) living near Red River at the Vietnam/Chinese border, is a mentally handicapped Vietnamese girl due to witnessing the violent death of her father, who stepped on a land mine while recovering her kite. After she has grown up, she moved to China to work as a cleaner for A Shui (Loletta Lee), who is her deceased father's sister and runs a massage parlor. A Shan (Nick Cheung), a former theatre actor, operates a road side karaoke in town and vaguely resembles A Tao's father. A Tao soon becomes attracted to him. Boss Shaba (Danny Lee Sau-Yin), a regular big spender at Ah Shui's massage parlor, suffered injuries and lost his lower right leg during the Vietnam War. He has earned his money by parallel importing American cigarettes. Due to his temper and appearance, no massage girl wants to serve him. Shaba then asked for A Tao who did not know him and was not afraid. Shaba thus takes a liking to A Tao. Upon discovering A Tao's singing and crowd pulling abilities, A Shan offered to take her off A Shui's hands, which Ah Shui agrees for 200 renminbi plus a temporary resident permit for A Tao. When Shaba found out that A Tao is no longer at the massage parlour, he sent his men to get her back for him.
The Whisperers	British	drama	Bryan Forbes	Mrs. Margaret Ross, an impoverished, elderly, eccentric woman, is living in a ground floor flat, in an unnamed town in North England. Aged 76, she is dependent on National Assistance from the British government. She is visited by her criminal son, who hides a package containing a large sum of money, in her unused spare room. The son confesses to the police of his robbery, then is sent to jail. Meanwhile, Mrs. Ross finds the money. Thinking the money is a windfall intended for her, Mrs. Ross makes elaborate plans. She casually confides to a stranger, who befriends her in order to ply her with spirits, kidnap her, then rob her of the stolen money. Rendered drunk and abandoned to the elements by her captors, Mrs. Ross contracts pneumonia. She is found by neighbors, then after almost dying, recovers in an hospital. It's the first time anyone has cared for her in years. Doctors, nurses, psychiatrists, and social workers all focus on her case. An agent at the National Assistance bureau traces down her husband, Archie (who deserted her decades ago). Motivated by the agent, who threatens him with legal pressure, informing him of his legal responsibility to her, the husband is strongly encouraged to move back in with her, which he does. Soon, he becomes involved with gamblers, then steals their money at a chance opportunity, which forces him to flee, so he deserts her again. Having been on the verge of a return to functional living, Mrs. Ross resumes her lonely status as an isolated person, who talks to the walls. This movie depicts these events as occurring during the year 1966, ironically the year that British National Assistance was abolished.
Career Girls	British	drama	Mike Leigh	In 1996, Annie is on the train to London to spend the weekend with Hannah, her flatmate when at polytechnic (the Polytechnic of North London) six years earlier.[1] Hannah laments about her alcoholic mother, and Annie talks about her mother's search for a new boyfriend. Annie, who still lives with her mother, admires Hannah's independence. In contrast, Hannah laments being forced to be independent since she was a child. Back in 1986, Hannah and Claire interview and accept Annie into their flat. Annie and Hannah discuss getting rid of Claire the next year. Hannah and Annie discuss how Hannah hasn't cried since she was eight, when her parents split up. Annie, whose parents also divorced when she was eight, says she cries all the time. The following year, Ricky Burton, a socially awkward stutterer, has temporarily moved in with Hannah and Annie after being kicked out by his landlord. While discussing psychological traits with them in a pub, Ricky's untactful probing angers Hannah. While Ricky visits the Chinese takeaway beneath the flat, Annie and Hannah discuss the argument and how Ricky fancies Annie. In another memory, Ricky drunkenly confesses his love for Annie, but Annie says she's in love with someone else. Ricky leaves and doesn't reappear, so Hannah and Annie travel to his grandmother's home in Hartlepool. She tells them that Ricky has gone out, possibly along the seafront, so they go to look for him there. In the present, Annie accompanies Hannah as she looks for a flat to buy. One flat is owned by a Mr Evans, whose flat contains a painting of his naked ex-girlfriend and pornographic magazines. Evans hits on Hannah and offers both women alcoholic drinks. They run out of the flat making excuses, and are still laughing as they drive off. At the next flat, Adrian Spinks, an estate agent, meets them. Annie realises he is an old college boyfriend, but Adrian says he doesn't recognise them. In between their conversations, flashbacks show Hannah and Annie's history with Adrian. After meeting him at a club, Hannah takes Adrian home and sleeps with him. The following morning, he walks into Annie's room and tries to chat her up. In other flashbacks, Annie tells Adrian about a recurring sexual fantasy. Later, they kiss and discuss why he split up with his ex-girlfriend: Adrian says he didn't want the commitment, and leaves when Annie asks why. In the present, Hannah and Annie learn that Adrian is married with a child. At a Chinese restaurant, Annie and Hannah discuss how they have changed since university and wonder what happened to Ricky. Annie says she hadn't stopped thinking about Adrian for ten years. Hannah says she was hurt by the situation back then but said she didn't say anything because she knew that Annie was in love with him. In a flashback, Annie and Hannah cry and hug as they pack, preparing to leave their flat at the end of their four years at university. At the present-day dinner, Hannah recalls being overwhelmed upon meeting Annie's kind family, as opposed to her own dysfunctional family. They see their old flatmate Claire jogging, and discuss the coincidence of seeing two old acquaintances in one afternoon. They decide to visit their old flat, and there spot Ricky sitting on the steps outside the Chinese takeaway, holding a toy elephant. He seems angry and delirious, and tells them he arrived from Hartlepool the previous day. He says the toy is for his son, but the mother won't admit that the child is his. He tells them that his grandmother died, and, when Annie asks where he lives, responds that they don't care. They leave. In a flashback to their visit to Hartlepool, they find Ricky by the sea. They ask how he is and he shouts and swears at them that he doesn't care. They chase after him and he screams at them to leave him alone. In the present, they return to the railway station, where they say goodbye to one another.
The Wind of Change	British	drama	Vernon Sewell	Frank (Briggs) is an unemployed, discontented and rebellious teenage Teddy Boy, living at home with his mild-mannered father (Pleasence), domineering mother (Hilda Fenemore) and sister Josie (Lynn). Frank harbours a deep-seated resentment and hatred towards the black people he sees as flooding Notting Hill and taking all the jobs. He spends his time hanging around with a gang of similar youths who all share his racist views. After an evening spent wandering round the local coffee bars, the gang go looking for trouble and decide to beat up a black youth for kicks. They are inflamed to see a black boy accompanied by a white girl, and they chase them through the dark streets before cornering them and launching a vicious assault on the couple using fists, feet, knives and bicycle chains. The boy is so brutally beaten that he later dies from his injuries in hospital, and the girl is stabbed during the melee. Frank is horrified when he realises that the injured girl is his sister. As a police investigation begins, Frank's family are shocked by his involvement and try to discover why he feels the way he does. Josie in particular challenges his racist views and involvement in a gang culture of mindless violence towards those who have done him no harm. The gravity of what has happened causes Frank to reconsider his attitudes, and he determines to leave behind his gang involvement and focus on finding a job.
The Mango Tree	Australian	drama	Kevin James Dobson	The film is about Jamie, a young man in his formative teen years, growing up in rural subtropical town of Bundaberg, Queensland, Australia, set around World War I. Jamie, raised by this grandmother, enjoys his life in Bundy, until the town's reaction to the insanity of a local preacher leads him to leave his hometown for life in the city.
Broken Journey	British	drama	Ken Annakin	In postwar Europe, while flying over the Swiss Alps, a Fox Airways Douglas DC-3 airliner experiences engine trouble and sends out a distress call. Pilot Captain Fox (Guy Rolfe) and co-pilot Bill Haverton (James Donald) set the aircraft down on a glacier with a minimum of damage, but know that they will not be able to radio for help with run-down batteries and a storm setting in. Taking stock of their situation, Haverton knows he can rely on stewardess Mary Johnstone (Phyllis Calvert), who is in love with him, but the rest of the survivors present problems. Film star Joanna Dane (Margot Grahame), opera tenor Perami (Francis L. Sullivan) and iron lung patient John Barber (Grey Blake) are all, in different ways, difficult and demanding passengers. The wrecked aircraft provides them with shelter, as the 13 passengers and crew wait for rescue. Rescue missions have already been mounted, but when a rescue aircraft misjudges its approach, it crashes and all aboard are killed in a fiery explosion. With limited food supplies, the survivors realise that a rescue in the desolate location is unlikely. A decision to stay and wait for help or leave the shelter of the wrecked airliner to set out in bad weather to try to reach safety, paralyses the survivors. In the end, some people make sacrifices to allow others to live.[3]
Swati	Bollywood	drama	Kranthi Kumar	Sharda (Sharmila Tagore) is in love with a young man named Satya Prakash. Sharda becomes pregnant and Satya Prakash wants to marry her as soon as possible. He goes out to get the marriage date fixed with Panditji. But a few goons come and attack him and in the process he kills one goon. At the same time, a few goons attack Sharda and tell her that Satya Prakash has sold her and they try to gang-rape her. But somehow, she manages to run away. She gets heartbroken when her boyfriend doesn't return and believes what the goons have told her. She decides to keep the child, names her Swati, re-locates to a small town in Southern India and finds employment as a nurse with Dr. Rajendra. Years later, Swati (Meenakshi Sheshadri) has grown up to be an assertive young woman, who is not only outspoken but quite capable of physically defending herself, but her attitude alienates her and Sharda from the community in general. She befriends Ram Mohan, an activist, who is often in trouble with the police. With no one to look after her mother after she gets married, Swati asks Rajendra, now a widower, to marry Sharda, to which he agrees. The marriage takes place, and both move in to live a wealthy lifestyle with Rajendra and his daughter, Anandi (Madhuri Dixit). Rajendra and Sharda decide to find a suitable groom for Swati, but before that could happen, Anandi finds out that she is pregnant with her boyfriend's child. So Swati and Sharda hide this and Swati's existence from Anandi's in-laws. So Swati moves out, while Anandi's marriage takes place with Prasad Chiranjivi Gupta. But Sharda's troubles with Swati are far from over; as Sharda's long-lost boyfriend, Satya Prakash will soon return into her life, turning Sharda and Swati's lives upside down.
Unfinished Sky	Australian	drama	Peter Duncan	The film is a story about an Outback farmer (William McInnes) who takes in an Afghani woman (Monic Hendrickx) after she escapes from a brothel. The film takes on many themes of human trafficking and the sex trade.
Sebastiane	British	drama	Derek Jarman, Paul Humfress	In the fourth century AD, Sebastiane is a member of the Emperor Diocletian's personal guard. When he tries to intervene to stop one of the Emperor's catamites from being strangled by one of his bodyguards, Sebastiane is exiled to a remote coastal garrison and reduced in rank to private. Although thought to be an early Christian, Sebastiane is a worshipper of the Roman sun god Phoebus Apollo and sublimates his desire for his male companions into worship of his deity and pacifism. Both incense Severus, the commanding officer of the garrison, who becomes increasingly obsessed with Sebastiane, tries to assault him, and ultimately presides over his summary execution for refusing to take up arms in defence of the Roman Empire. Justin, one of his comrades in arms, is also in love with Sebastiane, albeit necessarily unrequited, but he forms a friendship with the stubborn celibate pacifist. Adrian and Anthony, two of Sebastian's fellow soldiers, are gay and in obvious love with one another.
The Walking Dead	American	drama	Preston Whitmore II	In 1972 North Vietnam, short-timer Marines are dispatched by helicopter to conduct their last mission: to evacuate the survivors from a POW camp abandoned by the Viet Cong. The landing zone - which they expect to be cold - is actually hot (under fire[2]) and after a short fight, only four members of the rescue mission survive. SSgt. Barkley and Hoover have a brief fight after Hoover wants to radio for an evacuation and Barkley insists they finish the mission. During their fight a mortar lands nearby, knocking them both into a swamp. Barkley saves Branche from drowning. They are joined shortly by Brooks and Evans. The soldiers defer to the ranking Marine, Sgt. Barkley, who insists that they press on to a nearby cathedral. They reach the building and kill several NVA soldiers. At morning, they are planning their next move when they are ambushed by more NVA soldiers including tree snipers. After a firefight they manage to kill the soldiers with the help of Cpl. Pippins, who appears from the brush and also begins attacking them. After subduing Pippins they look for the rest of his platoon and discover them murdered and their radio missing. They decide to tie Pippins up and bring him along as they march toward the POW camp. The group then recollect about each of their individual reasons for joining the Marines. SSgt Barkley was a preacher at a church until he came home to his bedroom seeing his wife in bed having sex with another man, Barkley shoots and kills the man and catches the train out of town. Hoover works for a meat packing place until he got fired for stealing meat. Cole tries to buy a new house, but he is turned down by the real estate agent,because of his race. Brooks tells his girlfriend that he's joining the Marine Corps to be like his grandfather, Pippins was working for Ray until he is killed by gangsters and chased into the military enlistment line without getting caught. While Cole and Barkley go ahead to survey the area, Hoover and Brooks smoke cannabis and talk about Brooks' girlfriend, who just dumped him via the mail. During their break, Pippins escapes and takes Brooks' pistol. The four men regroup and head out without Pippins. When they reach the camp, they discover a deranged Pippins holding a Vietnamese woman hostage. After killing the woman in front of them, Pippis turns on them with a gun and is killed by Sgt. Barkley. After seeing the camp is empty, the men realize they are expendable decoys. They radio in and are informed that the Marines cleared the POW camp four hours earlier, and that they have 20 minutes to reach their pickup point before the entire area is bombed. As the men go to leave bombs begin dropping on them. They escape the bombardment and head through the jungle to the landing zone, but are ambushed by more NVA soldiers. Brooks is killed, and Cole and Barkley wounded. Hoover goes back and rescues Barkley and the three men are evacuated by helicopter. During an epilogue, we are told that Cole became a career Marine who retired after 20 years of service, Sgt. Barkley took a job counseling troubled teens in Georgia, and Hoover went back home, married his girlfriend and opened up his own business.
The Go-Between	British	drama	Joseph Losey	The story follows a young boy named Leo Colston (Dominic Guard), who in the year 1900 is a guest of his wealthy school friend, Marcus Maudsley (Richard Gibson), to spend the summer holidays at his family's Norfolk country house. While there, Marcus is taken sick and quarantined with the measles. Left to entertain himself, Leo befriends Marcus's beautiful elder sister Marian Maudsley (Julie Christie), and finds himself a messenger, carrying messages between her and a tenant farmer neighbour, Ted Burgess (Alan Bates), with whom she is engaging in a secret illicit affair. Her parents, however want to engage her to Hugh, Viscount Trimingham (played by Edward Fox) the estate owner. A heatwave leading to a thunderstorm coincides with Leo's birthday party and the film's climax, when Marian's mother and Leo, in search for Marian, find her making love with Burgess in a farm building. This event has a long-lasting impact on Leo after Burgess shoots himself in his farmhouse kitchen. More than fifty years later, Marian, now the Dowager Lady Trimingham, sends for Leo, wanting him to speak to her grandson to assure him that she had truly loved Burgess. She asks Leo whether her grandson reminds him of anyone, and he replies Yes. Ted Burgess. Michael Redgrave plays Leo in old age. Pinter's screenplay for the film was his final collaboration with Losey, following The Servant (1963) and Accident (1967). It is largely faithful to the novel, although it alludes to the novel's opening events in dialogue, in which Leo is admired by other boys at his school as they believe he used black magic to punish two bullies, and also moves events described in the novel's epilogue into the central narrative.[citation needed]
Full Throttle	Hong Kong	drama	Derek Yee	Joe (Andy Lau) is a youth that loves auto racing. His father Paul (Paul Chun) operates a motorbike business which often organizes motorbike teams to race in Macau and Japan and his racers would often be awarded the crown bike. However, Joe has been rumored to be the best among the racers because every crown bike is always defeated in hands of Joe on the streets. Since Joe's license has been revoked for speeding at the age of 19, he is unable to participate in an official race and can only secretly race in the streets to fulfill his desire of racing on the roads. Joe's father is very irritated about this and views his son as an outlaw biker so he prohibits his racers to race with Joe which sours their father and son relationship. Joe owns an auto repair shop with his friend Jimmy (Chin Ka-lok). Joe's girlfriend Annie (Gigi Leung) is very gentle and kind but she always worries about her boyfriend racing. David (David Wu) is a youth racer returning from England and hits it off with Joe. Seven years later, Joe readmits his license, ready to show his talents in a race in Macau, but is unable to obtain a racing license which leads him to think that his father is playing some dirty tricks. Retired racer Lo Kwai (Elvis Tsui) advises Joe to reconcile with his father to get a better chance to race. But as usual, once the father and son meet, they argue and his father give the place of the final racer to David. Paul's racers have always been dissatisfied with Joe but races with him. In the process, Joe becomes injured in the accident and lands in a coma for 10 days. Fortunately, under Annie's care, Joe's condition improves but he ultimately misses the race in Macau as he hopelessly watches David become the champion. After the accident, Joe develops a fear of racing, and is afraid that he can no longer race in the future. Annie is happy about this and persuades him to give up racing and concentrate on operating his repair shop. However, other bikers are waiting for Joe to defeat Macau champion David on the streets but Joe has yet to take action. Rumors spread that Joe is scared and can no longer race. Jimmy is extremely indignant about this and challenges David himself. Unfortunately, Jimmy gets into an accident and dies from his injuries. Jimmy's death leads Joe to become even more determined to overcome his fear and get his confidence back. Because of Joe's decision to officially challenge David, Anne becomes heartbroken and decides to leave him. Joe arranges to race with David in the mountains, hoping to find the pleasurable feeling of racing again. After a few laps, Joe stops to avoid crushing an empty can that an old lady is about to pick up. The old lady speaks a few words to Joe which wake him up to what he is doing and he decides to give up racing and chases after Annie.
Full Body Massage	American	drama	Nicolas Roeg	Nina, an art dealer, has her weekly massage appointment and is surprised to find out her usual masseur, Douglas, has sent a replacement named Fitch. The pair develop an easy rapport during the session, with talk about past relationships. As Nina lies topless on the massage table, Fitch also takes time to explain various massage techniques, including those used by Hopi medicine men.
Aparajito	Bengali	drama	Satyajit Ray	In 1920, Apu (Pinaki Sen Gupta) and his parents, who have left their home in rural Bengal, have settled into an apartment in Varanasi where his father Harihar (Kanu Banerjee) works as a priest. Harihar is making headway in his new pursuits: praying, singing, and officiating among the ghats on the sacred river Ganges. Harihar catches a fever and soon dies, however, and his wife Sarbajaya (Karuna Banerjee) is forced to begin work as a maid. With the assistance of a great-uncle, Apu and his mother return to Bengal and settle in the village Mansapota. There Apu apprentices as a priest, but pines to attend the local school which his mother is persuaded to allow. He excels at his studies, impressing a visiting dignitary, and the headmaster takes special interest in him. Within a few years, the teenaged Apu (now played by Smaran Ghosal) has done well enough to receive a scholarship to go to Kolkata for further studies. Sarbajaya feels abandoned and frightened by this, but gives in and lovingly packs his suitcase. Apu travels by train to the city and starts working at a printing press, after school hours, to subsist. He becomes more accustomed to the city life and feels out of place in the village. Sarbajaya expects visits from him, but he visits only a few times. Her loneliness and yearning for her son continue to grow. She becomes seriously ill, but does not disclose her illness to Apu, lest his studies get disturbed. When Apu finally comes to know about her poor health, he returns to the village to find that she has died. Bhabataran, Apu's great uncle, requests that he stay there and work as a priest. Apu rejects the idea and returns to Kolkata.
Road Games	Australian	drama	Richard Franklin	Jack, a young British hitchhiker in France, attempts to get a ride to the ferry service back to England. After walking along the road for hours without having any cars stop, he comes upon an arguing couple who pull over and continue their fight. Concerned, Jack approaches the car and pulls a man out before he can strike a woman. The man backs off from Jack and drives away, leaving Jack with the woman, who introduces herself as a fellow hitchhiker named Véronique. Véronique tells him that there is a serial killer active on this road, which explains why Jack could not get a ride. The two agree to travel together for safety, and Véronique helps him work on his French. Véronique says she is a drifter whose parents blame her for her brother's accidental death, and Jack that, on the same day, he lost all his luggage and found his girlfriend cheating on him. An eccentric man, Grizard, stops and offers the two a ride. Although Véronique is reluctant, Jack convinces her to accept Grizard's offer. When Grizard discovers that Jack is English, he enthusiastically invites Jack to meet his English wife. Véronique protests at the detour, but Jack again convinces her to accept Grizard's hospitality. On the way to his house, Grizard stops to pick up roadkill and laughs when Jack suggests they bury it instead of eating it. Mary, Grizard's wife, turns out to be American, though she says she has also lived in England. During dinner, Jack reveals that he is a vegetarian and apologetically declines to eat their meat. Grizard mocks him in French, upsetting Mary and Véronique. When the conversation turns to the serial killer, Mary becomes upset and leaves the table. Grizard insists they are safe in his house and urges them to stay the night. Grizard puts Jack and Véronique in separate bedrooms. Jack finds photographs of a boy and girl in his room, but Grizard tells Jack they have no children. Before Jack goes to bed, Mary advises him to lock his door, which he does. That night, Véronique enters his bedroom, and they have sex. Jack invites her to come to England with him, and she excitedly accepts. When he wakes, she is nowhere to be found. Grizard says she has left and produces a note. Although Jack is suspicious, Grizard insists he immediately leave the house. As he leaves, Jack realises the handwriting on the note is not Véronique's. Before he can do anything else, he is drugged and kidnapped by Grizard's handyman, Delacroix. Delacroix says Jack must have annoyed Grizard a great deal, and, in French, variously threatens and mocks Jack; Jack says he does not understand and begs to be let go. Delacroix ties up Jack and puts him in his truck, but, before Delaxcroix can drive off, Jack escapes. Delacroix says to himself that Jack is in even worse trouble now that he has escaped. Jack returns to Grizard's house, where he finds Véronique tied up. After freeing her, he arms himself with a rifle. Jack and Véronique escape the house in a stolen car, pursued by Grizard and Mary, who have returned home. After a car chase in which their car flips, Jack and Véronique flee on foot. They encounter Delacroix, who, after a scuffle, accidentally impales himself on a farm tool. While Jack is not looking, Véronique kills Delacroix with a knife. Grizard finds her and has a flashback to when Véronique was a child. She claims then, as she does now, that she did not murder anyone and the death was accidental. In French, Mary and Grizard, revealed to be Véronique's parents, plead with her to return home and stop killing people, saying they cannot cover for her any more. Véronique refuses. Before Mary can tell Jack the truth in English, Véronique knocks Mary unconscious with the rifle and gags Grizard. As Véronique and Jack drive off together, Véronique checks to make sure she has brought along a large, bloody knife.
What's Eating Gilbert Grape	American	drama	Lasse Hallström	In the small town of Endora, Iowa, Gilbert Grape (Johnny Depp) is busy caring for Arnie (Leonardo DiCaprio), his mentally disabled brother, as they wait for the many tourists' trailers to pass through town during an annual Airstreamer's Club gathering at a nearby recreational area. His mother, Bonnie (Darlene Cates), gave up on life after her husband hung himself in the basement 7 years[3] earlier. She spends almost all of her time on the couch watching TV and eating. With Bonnie unable to care for her children on her own due to her morbid obesity, Gilbert has taken responsibility for repairing the old house and looking after Arnie, who has a habit of climbing the town water tower, while his sisters Amy (Laura Harrington) and Ellen (Mary Kate Schellhardt) do the rest. The relationship between the brothers is of both care and protection, as Gilbert continually enforces the nobody touches Arnie policy. A new FoodLand supermarket has opened, threatening the small Lamson's Grocery where Gilbert works. In addition, Gilbert is having an affair with a married woman, Betty Carver (Mary Steenburgen). The family is looking forward to Arnie's 18th birthday. A young woman named Becky (Juliette Lewis) and her grandmother are stuck in town when the International Harvester Travelall pulling their trailer breaks down. Gilbert's unusual life circumstances threaten to get in the way of their budding romance. In order to spend time with Becky to watch the sunset, Gilbert leaves Arnie alone in the bath. He returns home late and finds that Arnie is still in the bath the following morning, shivering in the (now cold) water; his guilt is compounded by his family's anger. His affair with Betty ends when she leaves town in search of a new life following her husband's death—he drowned in the family's wading pool after suffering a heart attack. Becky becomes close to both Gilbert and Arnie. While they are distracted during one of their talks, Arnie returns to the water tower that he is forever trying to climb. Arnie is arrested after being rescued from the top of the tower, causing his mother—who has not left the house in seven years—to become the object of pointing, laughing, and gawking from the townspeople as she goes to the police station, forcing Arnie's release. Soon after, Arnie tries to run away yet again from his bath and in his frustration, Gilbert finally snaps, hitting Arnie several times. Guilty and appalled at himself, Gilbert runs out and drives away in his truck without another word. Arnie also runs out and goes to Becky's, who takes care of him for the evening until he is picked up by his sisters. After some soul searching aided by Becky, Gilbert returns home during the birthday party to make amends to his family for running out and to be forgiven by Arnie which, with only the slightest hesitation, he is. He apologizes to his mother for his behavior and promises that he is not ashamed of her and that he will not let her be hurt any more. She admits to Gilbert her knowledge of what a burden she has become to the family, and he forgives her. He introduces her to Becky—something he had been reluctant to do earlier. Following Arnie's 18th birthday party, Bonnie climbs the stairs to her bedroom for the first time since her husband's suicide. Arnie later tries to wake her but discovers that she has died. The children, not willing to let their mother become the joke of the town by having her corpse lifted from the house by crane, empty their family home of possessions and set it on fire. A year later, Gilbert describes what happened to his family after his mother's death, as Gilbert and his brother Arnie wait by the side of a road for Becky, who arrives with her grandmother, and picks them up.
The Good Father	British	drama	Mike Newell	Bill (Hopkins) is a man who is utterly bitter about his recent divorce from his wife. and the loss of custody of his only child. He acts out his anger by befriending another man, Roger (Broadbent), who has been sued for divorce by his wife, so that she can enter into a lesbian relationship with her lover. Bill tries to help the man out, by funding the latter's court case to regain custody of his child. Simon Callow plays an unscrupulous and sleazy barrister hired for the case. Soon Bill, who has focused his anger against feminism which he blames for robbing him of his family, begins to feel disgust for what he and his new friend are doing.[1]
Menashe	American	drama	Joshua Z. Weinstein	Menashe (Menashe Lustig (yi)), a recently widowed Hasidic Jewish man, tries to regain custody of his ten-year-old son Rieven (Ruben Niborski). Rieven is living with his aunt and uncle (Eizik, Yoel Weisshaus) per a ruling by the Rabbi (Meyer Schwartz) that Menashe must first remarry to provide a proper home for his son. Menashe's first marriage was unhappy, and he is reluctant to wed again. He works as a clerk in a grocery store with a difficult manager, and has a hard time earning enough money for himself. He doesn't wear the traditional black coat and top hat in public, though his son tells him he would look nice in one. Eizik, his successful brother-in-law, looks down on him. They argue in front of the Rabbi, who lets Rieven stay with Menashe for a week, until the upcoming memorial service for his wife, but reiterates the requirement for a two-parent home. Eizik wants the memorial meal in his finer home, but Menashe insists on having it in his shabby apartment. Getting a bachelor-proof recipe for kugel from a neighbor, Menashe puts the pan in the oven before going to the cemetery for the service. He and the participants, including the Rabbi, return to an apartment full of smoke. Eizik criticizes the burnt kugel, but the Rabbi praises it and insists the uncle eat a piece. Menashe begs Eizik to let Rieven live with him, but is told he must first find a wife. Menashe says he will see the matchmaker again. He goes to the ritual bath (mikvah), and dons a coat and top hat. The plot is loosely based on Lustig's life.[3] In an interview with the Los Angeles Times he said that unlike Menashe in the film, I'm not a schlimazel by nature. Maybe just a schlimazel by situation.[4] Customs and religious practices depicted include:
American Ninja 3: Blood Hunt	American	drama	Cedric Sundstrom	A powerful terrorist known as The Cobra (Marjoe Gortner), has infected Sean Davidson, the American ninja, with a deadly virus as human guinea pigs in his biological warfare experiments. Sean and his partners Curtis Jackson (Steve James) and Dexter (Evan J. Klisser) have no choice but to fight The Cobra and his army of genetically-engineered ninja clones led by the female ninja Chan Lee (Michele B. Chan).
Nine till Six	British	drama	Basil Dean	Two women of different social backgrounds work together in a dressmaker's.
The Intruder	British	drama	Guy Hamilton	Ex-Colonel, now stockbroker, Wolf Merton (Hawkins) returns home one evening to find it being burgled by an armed intruder. Merton recognises the culprit, Ginger Edwards (Medwin), as a former soldier who had fought courageously under his command in a tank regiment during the Second World War. Merton briefly questions Summers on how he got into a life of crime, but, suspecting Merton has called the police, the burglar makes his escape. Merton sets out to discover why one of his best men became involved in crime after he was de-mobbed. The story unfolds in a sequence of flash-back episodes of events during the war and how they affected, or contrasted with, how each of the main characters fared when they returned to civilian life.[4]
Joanna	British	drama	Michael Sarne	Joanna, an art student in London, has a romantic fling with her teacher, aspiring painter Hendrik Casson. She eventually leaves him for impoverished Dominic, while her gold-digging friend Beryl takes up with the quite wealthy Lord Sanderson. They travel to Sanderson's second home in Morocco, where he reveals that he has a terminal illness and sponsors an exhibit of Hendrik's paintings. Meanwhile, Dominic dumps Joanna because she refuses to stop seeing other men. Joanna's next lover, Beryl's brother Gordon, impregnates her. Beaten by criminals to whom he's in debt, Gordon takes revenge by killing one. He is convicted of murder and sent to prison, leaving Joanna alone.
A Simple Life	Hong Kong	drama	Ann Hui	Roger Leung (Andy Lau), an unmarried middle aged Hong Kong film producer lives with Chung Chun-to (Deanie Ip), a maidservant who has worked for his family for decades. Returning home after a business trip, Roger discovers Chung on the floor and calls for an ambulance. At the hospital, Roger discovers that Chung has had a stroke but rather than ask for rehabilitation, Chung decides she wants to retire and asks to be put in a nursing home. While looking for a nursing home Roger discovers one nearby that is owned by his friend. He installs Chung there and visits her in between his production jobs. While visiting To, he tells her friends and neighbours that he is her god son in order to explain their connection. Visiting Chung in the nursing home allows Roger to become closer to her. Eventually, other members of his family, who mostly live abroad, come to visit her. Roger's mother proposes that they renovate an old apartment that the family owns and allow To to spend the remainder of her days there. However, Chung grows more sickly and suffers a second stroke causing her condition to deteriorate and nullifying the family's plans for her. Eventually, Chung is hospitalized a final time and Roger makes the decision to allow her to die. At her funeral, the member's of Roger's family pay their respects to her and while Roger delivers the eulogy, a man from the nursing home comes to give her flowers.
Mera Gaon Mera Desh	Bollywood	drama	Raj Khosla	Havaldar Major Jaswant Singh (Jayant) makes a citizen's arrest of petty thief Ajit (Dharmendra) and hands him over to the police, and after due process of law he is sentenced to six months in jail. After completing his sentence, the jailer asks him to approach Jaswant Singh for employment, and so he does. Jaswant asks him to help him with his farming work. Ajit meets Anju (Asha Parekh - lead female) and both fall in love. Ajit comes to know of Jabbar Singh (Vinod Khanna) a dacoit who is terrorizing the surrounding community, and Ajit decides to take on Jabbar. In retaliation, Jabbar abducts Anju, and instructs Ajit to come unarmed. Ajit decides to follow these instructions, however, as soon as he reaches Jabbar's hideout, he too is captured, and at the mercy of Jabbar and Munni (Laxmi Chhaya), who has been scorned by Ajit, and it is now up to her to decide Ajit's fate.
Welcome to the Dollhouse	American	drama	Todd Solondz	Eleven-and-a-half-year-old Dawn Wiener is a shy, unattractive, unpopular seventh grader living in a middle-class suburban community in New Jersey. Her seventeen-year-old brother Mark is a nerdy high school student who plays clarinet in a garage band and shuns girls in order to prepare for college. Dawn's younger sister, eight-year-old Missy, is a spoiled, manipulative little girl who pesters Dawn and dances around the house in a tutu. Their mother dotes on Missy and sides with her in disputes with Dawn. Their father is a meek, immature, selfish man who sides with Dawn's mother in arguments with Dawn. Dawn's only friend is an effeminate sixth-grade boy named Ralphy, with whom she shares a dilapidated clubhouse in her backyard. At school, Dawn is ridiculed and her locker is covered in graffiti. After her teacher unfairly keeps her after school, she is threatened with rape by a bully named Brandon McCarthy, who also has trouble socializing. At home Dawn's mother punishes her for calling Missy a lesbian and refusing to be nice to her. Dawn gets in trouble at school after she accidentally hits a teacher in the eye with a spitball. Brandon's first attempt to rape Dawn after school fails, but he orders her to meet him again. After she complies, he takes her to an abandoned field. He starts an earnest conversation with her and kisses her. Mark's band is joined by Steve Rodgers, a charismatic and handsome aspiring teenage rock musician who agrees to play in the band in exchange for Mark's help in school. Dawn decides to pursue him romantically after he spends time with her, even though one of Steve's former girlfriends tells Dawn she has no chance of being with him. Dawn and Brandon form an innocent romance, but Brandon is arrested and expelled for suspected drug dealing. Dawn visits his home and meets his father and mentally challenged brother who requires constant supervision. After kissing Dawn, Brandon runs away to avoid being sent to military school. After angrily rejecting Ralphy, Dawn is left with no friends. When she refuses to tear down her clubhouse to make room for her parents' 20th wedding anniversary party, her mother has Mark and Missy destroy it and gives them her share of a cake. At the party, Dawn intends to proposition Steve, but gets cold feet and is contemptuously rebuffed. Steve plays with Missy, who pushes Dawn into a kiddie pool. That evening, the family watches a videotape of the party, laughing when Dawn falls into the water. That night, Dawn smashes the tape and briefly brandishes her hammer over Missy as she sleeps. A few weeks later, Dawn's father's car breaks down and her mother has to pick him up from work. Dawn is supposed to tell Missy to find a ride home from ballet class but chooses not to do so after arguing with her; Missy is kidnapped while walking home. When Missy's tutu is found in Times Square, Dawn goes to New York City to find her. After a full day searching for Missy, Dawn phones home and Mark tells her that Missy was found by police after being abducted by a pedophile neighbor who lives on their street. Dawn returns home. Later, Dawn's classmates ridicule her as she presents a thank you speech. After the principal tells the unruly students to be quiet, Dawn musters the emotional strength to finish her speech and makes a quick exit. Summer arrives and Dawn is relieved that school is over for the time-being. Mark tells Dawn that she cannot expect school life to get any better until she starts high school. As Dawn's parents continue mistreating and ignoring her, Dawn signs herself up to attend a summer camp in Florida. On a school trip to Walt Disney World, Dawn sits among other girls from her school and joins them in singing the school anthem. Unnoticed, her voice slowly trails off as she sits looking out a bus window.
The History of Mr. Polly	British	drama	Anthony Pelissier	Following his dismissal from a draper's shop, where his father had placed him as an apprentice, protagonist Alfred Polly (John Mills) finds it hard to find another position. When a telegram arrives informing him of his father's death, he returns to the family home. With a bequest of £500, Polly starts to consider his future; and a friend of his father's, Mr Johnsen (Edward Chapman), urges him to invest it in a shop - an idea that Polly hates. Whilst dawdling in the country on a newly-bought bicycle, Polly has a brief dalliance with a schoolgirl, Christabel (Sally Ann Howes); but later marries a cousin, Miriam Larkins (Betty Ann Davies). Fifteen years later, Polly and his wife are running a drapery in Fishbourne, and the marriage has descended to incessant arguments and bickering. While walking in the country, Polly decides to commit suicide but he also sets his shop ablaze in the hope that the insurance will assure Miriam's prosperity; he botches the arson job and, instead of killing himself, rescues an elderly neighbour and becomes a minor local celebrity. Still unhappy, Polly leaves Miriam and is hired by a rural innkeeper (Megs Jenkins) as handyman and ferryman; however, he soon realises that the position was open because the innkeeper's brother-in-law Jim (Finlay Currie) is a drunkard who chases any other man away from the inn. Polly clashes with Jim until the latter accidentally drowns in a weir when he is chasing Polly. Several years later, Polly returns to Fishbourne to find Miriam operating a tea-shop with her sister, in the belief that Polly has drowned, and he returns to his happier life at the inn.
No Room at the Inn	British	drama	Daniel Birt	As part of the mass evacuation of children in the early months of World War II, teenage Mary O'Rane is billeted with Mrs Agatha ('Aggie') Voray in an unthreatened area in the north of England. Mary soon discovers that, behind her respectable front, Mrs Voray forces her evacuee charges (five in all) to live in squalor and semi-starvation while spending the money intended for their upkeep on alcohol and personal fripperies. Yet when Mary is visited by her father, Mrs Voray easily convinces him that Mary's allegations are groundless; to Mary's horror, he ends his visit by accompanying Mrs Voray on a pub crawl. Mary's young schoolteacher, Judith Drave, takes her concerns about the children's welfare to the local authorities but is ignored. Mary, meanwhile, is coaxed into petty crime by her fellow evacuee Norma. Matters come to a head when Mrs Voray goes out for the evening and returns to find that her new hat has been damaged. In an alcohol-fuelled fury, she locks little Ronnie in the coal cellar for the night. In the small hours, Mary and Norma sneak out of bed to release him, leading, in an unexpected turn of events, to Mrs Voray's accidental death.
Lonely Hearts	Australian	drama	Paul Cox	A middle-aged man, Peter, goes to a dating agency in search of a companion. He is introduced to a shy bank clerk Patricia.
Aha!	Bangladeshi	drama	Enamul Kabir Nirjhor	Mr. Mallik (Tariq Anam Khan) lives in an about 100 years old house in old part of Dhaka city. There are constructions developed by Real Estate companies around his house at Old Dhaka. They offers him to demolish his old house and build apartment instead. But, he is confused to decide. At that time, his daughter Ruba comes back from United States with her 6 years old child, being tortured by her husband. She was against of diminishing the house. Ruba moves from house to house, she remembers memories with the old house. One day, she finds a red cloth at the next door balcony. That's an underwear. 7 colors of underwears of neighbor Kislu (Humayun Faridi), different color every weekday. Ruba gets interested and starts to move out regularly with Kislu. She gets involved to a relationship with Kislu. Stranger Soleman (Fazlur Rahman Babu), who has committed murder in previous life is now working as a guard of Mallik's house. He often gets involved in fight with local boys. When Mr. Mallik knew about Ruba and Kislu he tried to fetch his daughter from Kislu. Kislu was murdered.
The Secret of Roan Inish	American	drama	John Sayles	The story is told from the point of view of Fiona (Jeni Courtney), a young girl who is sent to live with her grandparents in an Irish fishing village. Her grandfather weaves tall tales about the family's evacuation from their home on the tiny island of Roan Inish and his great-great-grandfather, who once cheated death at the hands of the sea. As she meets other villagers, Fiona hears more personal stories about an ancestor who married a beautiful selkie (a half-human/half-seal), and more about how the sea stole her baby brother, Jamie, during the departure from Roan Inish. Later, Fiona believes that she has found Jamie romping in the grass on Roan Inish, and she must convince the family of her vision.
Bush Christmas	Australian	drama	Henri Safran	In rural Australia, the Thompson family struggles to keep its farm from foreclosure. The family is placing its hopes on their horse, Prince, winning the New Year's Cup and using the winnings to pay off the debt. Two struggling lowlifes, Bill and Sly (John Ewart and John Howard), find out about the horse and steal it, escaping into the nearby mountain range. With the father off droving cattle and all forms of transportation and communication made inoperable by Bill and Sly before their escape, the Thompson children Helen (Nicole Kidman) and John (Mark Spain), and their English cousin Michael (James Wingrove), saddle up their own horses and go after the crooks on their own. They are assisted by Manalpuy, a local Aboriginal who works on the farm.
England Made Me	British	drama	Peter Duffell	Anthony Farrant (York) is a naive 1930s businessman who pays a visit to Germany on the way home from a business trip, and falls under the politically dubious spell of charismatic financier Erich Krogh (Finch). While Anthony was taught to value fairness and decency, in Erich's world opportunism, corruption, and decadence hold sway.
Interlude	British	drama	Kevin Billington	A famous conductor gives an interview to a pretty young reporter. He speaks a bit too frankly and finds he's given himself an unwanted sabbatical from conducting. He begins an affair with the young reporter during his interlude, and the accumulation of differences in their ages and background begins to mount.
The Young Mr Pitt	British	drama	Carol Reed	In 1770, William Pitt the Elder gives a speech in Parliament decrying the unfair treatment of the colonists in the American colonies, then advises his second son, a youngster also named William Pitt, to avoid seeking fame through war. Years later, King George the Third is delighted that the ministry of Charles James Fox and Lord North has fallen. However, there is no obvious replacement. To everyone's surprise, the King selects William Pitt to become the youngest Prime Minister that the United Kingdom has ever known at the age of 24, despite his opposition to the disastrous war against the American colonies and reputation as a reformer. Pitt tries to gain Fox's support, but is rebuffed. He is ridiculed in Parliament, but despite having no majority, refuses to resign. He is even subject to a night ambush, but noted boxers Dan Mendoza and Gentleman Jackson help drive the assailants away. Reassured by the boxers' claims of strong support for him amongst the general public, Pitt calls an election on a platform of peace and prosperity, which gives him a majority. Over Fox's constant opposition, he then institutes reforms and strengthens the Royal Navy. Intermittently, events in Napoleon's life are shown. Then the French Revolution erupts, and France sends forth her armies. When Holland is invaded, Britain becomes embroiled in the conflict. As the war drags on, Fox, the public and even Pitt's friend William Wilberforce demand that Pitt negotiate for peace. Meanwhile, Pitt discovers that he was neglected his personal finances and is now deeply in debt. Then, Napoleon seizes power in France. Certain that there can be no peace now, Pitt commits himself totally to the arduous struggle ahead, sacrificing even his love for Eleanor Eden. He institutes a bold but risky strategy: going on the offensive in the Mediterranean and chooses Horatio Nelson to lead the naval squadron assigned the task, over more senior admirals. Napoleon sails from Toulon to invade Egypt while Nelson's blockading ships are scattered by a gale. Meanwhile, Pitt collapses from overwork and is warned by his doctor about his health. Fortunately, Nelson finds and destroys the French fleet at the Battle of the Nile. The people cheer Pitt, but years of fighting go on, and when Napoleon writes to the King, offering peace, Fox, public opinion and Pitt's health force him to resign. He also receives an announcement of Eleanor Eden's impending wedding. A peace treaty is signed, giving Napoleon time to build up his armies and his fleet. He gathers his forces on the French coast facing England. With the looming danger of invasion, the country once more turns to Pitt. Despite the warnings of his doctor, he becomes Prime Minister again. Even Fox offers to serve under him. The decisive British victory at the Battle of Trafalgar ends the danger.
Dersimiz: Atatürk	Turkish	drama	Hamdi Alkan	A group of primary school students are assigned homework for which they will have to study the life of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, the founder of the Turkish Republic. An elderly historian will lead the way during the kids’ exploration of Atatürk’s life story, telling them everything about his childhood, his years as a student and his military career, and also taking the kids on a virtual journey among the most important fronts fought during the Turkish War of Independence.
Needful Things	American	drama	Fraser Clarke Heston	A new shop named Needful Things opens in the town of Castle Rock, Maine, sparking the curiosity of its citizens. The proprietor, Leland Gaunt, is a charming elderly gentleman who always seems to have an item in stock that is perfectly suited to any customer who comes through his door. The prices are surprisingly low, considering the merchandise – such as a rare Sandy Koufax baseball card, a carnival glass lampshade, and a fragment of wood believed to be from Noah's Ark – but he expects each customer also to play a little prank on someone else in Castle Rock. Gaunt knows about the long-standing private grudges, arguments, and feuds between the various townspeople, and the pranks are his means of forcing them to escalate until the whole town is eventually caught up in madness and violence. Sheriff Alan Pangborn becomes wary of Gaunt as soon as the shop opens. However, his lover, Polly Chalmers, dismisses his suspicions and buys an ancient charm that relieves the arthritis pain in her hands. Tensions rapidly grow after Nettie Cobb, Polly's housekeeper, and her enemy Wilma Jerzyck kill each other in a confrontation sparked by pranks played on them by others. Many other rivalries begin to fester, spurred by the personal motives of the people involved (drugs, secret pedophilia, bad business dealings, religious disagreements, etc.). Gaunt eventually hires petty criminal John Ace Merrill as his assistant, providing him with high-quality cocaine and hinting at buried treasure that could relieve the debt he owes to a pair of drug dealers. Ace's first assignment is to retrieve crates of pistols, ammunition, and blasting caps from a garage in Boston; Gaunt soon begins to sell the pistols to his customers so they can protect their property. For centuries, he has tricked unsuspecting people into buying worthless junk that appears to be whatever they treasure most. They become so paranoid about keeping their items safe that they eagerly buy up the weapons that he inevitably offers and trade away their souls. Ace begins to suspect the supernatural background of his new employer, but Gaunt keeps him in line through intimidation and promises of revenge against Alan and the town. With the violence in Castle Rock rapidly escalating, Ace and the town's head selectman Danforth Buster Keeton (who has embezzled thousands of dollars from public funds) plant dynamite all over town, using the caps Ace brought back. Alan sets out to kill Ace, wrongly believing him to be responsible for a car accident that killed his wife and son, and Polly realizes the evil of the charm she bought and destroys it. As the dynamite bombs explode, Keeton is wounded by one of Alan's deputies and is put out of his misery by Ace. Taking Polly hostage, Ace demands that Alan hand over a hoard of cash he allegedly stole from one of the sites Ace dug up. The deputy kills Ace, leaving Alan to face off against Gaunt. Using sleight of hand and magic novelties that suddenly come to life, Alan forces Gaunt back and grabs his valise, which contains the souls of his customers. Gaunt flees the scene, his car turning into a horse-drawn wagon, and the survivors are left to ponder an uncertain future. The novel ends as it begins, with a first-person narrative indicating that a new and mysterious shop called Answered Prayers is about to open in a small Iowa town – an implication that Gaunt is ready to begin his business cycle all over again.
The Buttercup Chain	British	drama	Robert Ellis Miller	France and Manny are cousins, born on the same day to twin sisters. They grow up feeling a bond as if brother and sister. When he returns to London from boarding school, France and Manny make a pact in which each finds a suitable romantic partner for the other. But when they go away to the countryside with Margaret and Fred, a strange incestuous impulse seems to exist between the cousins, while Manny also must deal with a pregnancy.
The Crouching Beast	British	drama	Victor Hanbury	In 1915 during the First World War, a British secret agent is killed while stealing secret Turkish plans for the Gallipoli Campaign but manages to pass his information to an American journalist.[1]
Sawan Bhadon	Bollywood	drama	Mohan Segal	Vikram (Navin Nischol) is a man from a wealthy family living in Europe. He has a step-sister Dolly and step-mother Sulochana, who are very cunning and greedy and steal Vikram's money during his absence from India. Vikram decides to come back to India, which interferes with the plans of Sulochana and her allies. Vikram, being naive, trusts Sulochana and Dolly and treats them as their family, but Sulochana pretends to be affectionate to him, as he only is the heir to all the family property and money. Vikram, on his way home is blocked by some thugs, who are actually the men hired by Sulochana's brother to kill him. But a village girl Chanda(Rekha) and her friends help him and drive away the thugs. Vikram is attracted to her and her fun loving nature. Both of them fall in love with each other and plan to marry with Chanda's family's consent. But Sulochana is against the marriage and tries to force Vikram to leave her, but Vikam does not obey her. Dolly meets a man named Madan, who introduces himself as a person who makes talented girls into stars through his cultural centre. Dolly, being a dancer wants to be a star and is also attracted towards him. She introduces Madan to her mother who also encourages this relationship. Vikram comes to know that Madan is actually a cunning crook who sells girls to foreign countries. He stops Dolly from meeting Madan, but Dolly and Sulochana are against him and Sulochana declares that Dolly will marry Madan, at any cost. Vikram comes to know that behind his back, Sulochana has fraudulently acquired properties of the villagers and he decides to return them to their rightful owners. Sulochana decides to kill him with the help of Madan by planting a bomb in his car, before he heads towards Bangalore. The car explodes as per her plan and everyone including Chanda believes that Vikram is dead. All enemies of Vikram celebrate his death happily until they see Vikram coming back alive. Sulochana believes Vikram is dead for sure and the man is not Vikram. She tries to prove by all means that he is not Vikram. But Vikram proves that he has escaped merely with some injuries. He brings Chanda and her mother to look after Sulochana and prevent her from running away with the wealth. Sulochana decides to kill the Vikram look-alike by poisoning his milk. She sees him drinking the poisoned milk and lying dead. She takes him to bury, but comes to know he has not died as the milk was not actually poisoned. She screams that he cannot be Vikram as she killed him with her own hands. She confesses that she saw him falling out and burning from the exploded car and had bashed his head. The Vikram look-alike then admits that he is not Vikram, but CID Inspector Vinod. Sulochana realizes the enormity of her confession and commits suicide. Chanda is very disappointed about Vinod acting as Vikram, but Vinod tells her Vikram is not dead really, but survived with injuries, as he was thrown out of his car by a car thief on the way and only the robber was killed by Sulochana. To arrest her and Vikram's enemies, Vinod, who incidentally resembled Vikram, posed like him to catch them red-handed. Chanda meets Vikram in hospital and is happy that he is alive. Dolly who has realised her mistake and is quite repentant also unites with her brother. Vinod leaves as his work is done.
Na Hannyate	Bengali	drama	Riingo Banerjee	Inspired by Zhang Ling's essay, The Great Tangshan earthquake, Riingo's latest offering, Na Hanaytte, which means it never dies, is a poignant tale of a woman, Jui, who is caught in a situation where she could save only one of her kids and leave the other to die. Being a mother, Jui could never forgive herself for having to choose between her two children — Ratan and Shiuli. But life goes on... years go by... The film is about relationships and how they gradually change in times of crisis. Studies could never hold Ratan's interest. He wanted to start his own business and take his mother along to Kolkata. Although happy for his son, Jui couldn't leave the place where she lost so much. Again, both Jui and Ratan were oblivious of the fact that Shiuli was alive and now living with a family who doted on her. Deeply hurt by her mother's decision to save her brother, Ratan, instead of her, Shiuli had taken off on her own on that fateful day, only to be rescued by Dr Siddiqui, who took her home to his wife, Zoya. The couple found their lost daughter in Shiuli, while Shiuli found a family. Does Shiuli get to meet her mother? Does she forgive Jui? Well, these are the answers to be found in the film.
Kalyug	Bollywood	drama	Shyam Benegal	This is a tale of intrigue, plots and the inevitable war between two families. Ramchand and Bhishamchand were two pioneering brothers in business. Bhishamchand, a lifelong bachelor, brought up the two sons of Ramchand upon his demise. He also gave the family business a firm foundation. Khubchand (Vinod Doshi), the elder son of Ramchand begets two sons, Dhanraj (Victor Banerjee) and Sandeepraj (Akash Khurana). Puranchand, Khubchand's younger brother, had died a few years ago. His three sons are Dharamraj (Raj Babbar), Balraj (Kulbhushan Kharbanda) and Bharatraj (Anant Nag). Another player in the game is Karan (Shashi Kapoor), an orphan brought up by Bhishamchand. A series of events brings the long-hidden feud between the two families to light. Despite Bhishamchand's efforts to mediate between the two, the situation gets out of hand and events take a tragic turn. Dhanraj's men accidentally kill the young son of Balraj and to take revenge, Bharatraj murders Karan. Quite a few skeletons from the family cupboard are brought into the open that only add to the tensions and hatred, finally culminating in the destruction of the two families, showing the brittleness of our moral fabric.
Escape from the Dark	British	drama	Charles Jarrott	Set in 1909, a coal mine in Yorkshire, England has used pit ponies to haul coal for many years. When they are to be replaced by machinery that will speed up production and increase profits, three children – Dave (Andrew Harrison), Tommy (Benjie Bolgar) and Alice (Chloe Franks) – learn the ponies are to be slaughtered so they team up in a scheme to steal the horses and give them their freedom.
Shakedown	American	drama	James Glickenhaus	Roland Dalton (Weller) is a burned-out, mild-mannered Manhattan public defender, and his last case before leaving legal aid is crack dealer Michael Jones (Richard Brooks), accused of shooting to death police officer Patrick O'Leary in Central Park. According to Jones, the shooting was in self-defense and that officer O'Leary was a 'Blue Jean Cop' (an opportunistic police officer who robs drug dealers). Being a 'creature of habit', Dalton seeks the truth to his mysterious case and looks to Richie Marks (Sam Elliott), a renegade loner NYPD narcotics agent. Dalton realizes the prosecutor in his last case is a former love interest, the smart and sexy Susan Cantrell (Patricia Charbonneau). Throughout the trial Roland rekindles this former affair with Susan unbeknown to his fiancée Gail (Blanche Baker). Roland and Marks eventually learn that O'Leary was working with a large number of dirty cops who purchased blue jeans and an expensive car. The dirty cops were working with drug lord Nicky 'N.C.' Carr (Antonio Fargas). Roland at one point breaks into the police station's evidence locker to locate the cassette tape that Jones had in a boom box radio at the time of his shooting. The tape recorded the entire incident and when Roland attempts to get the tape he is taken hostage by the team of dirty cops. Just before Roland is going to be killed, Marks bursts into the room and shoots the cops, saving Roland. Although Roland makes it to court, with the assistance of an insane cab driver (Tom Mardirosian) the judge refuses to allow the tape into evidence. After making an impassioned closing statement, the jury acquits Jones of the shooting. Marks then shows up in a Porsche purchased by O'Leary and they go to the airport to hunt down Carr and the last of the dirty cops. Richie jumps onto the planes landing gear and after shooting out an engine and tossing a hand grenade into the landing gear compartment, he jumps to safety just as the plane explodes. The movie ends with Roland again working as a public defender, he's broken up with Gail and is once again dating Susan.
Dance, Little Lady	British	drama	Val Guest	Prima ballerina Nina Gordon is being financially exploited by her husband Mark (Terence Morgan). On the night of her triumphant Royal Opera House debut, she discovers he is also being unfaithful. Distraught, she leaves the party they were attending. However, Mark pulls up in their car and she gets in and he drives off at speed into the night. There is a car crash and Nina's leg is badly broken. Learning that she'll never dance again, Nina is abandoned by Mark. But with the help of a sympathetic doctor (Guy Rolfe), Nina recovers the use of her legs, and begins to live her life vicariously through her talented daughter (Mandy Miller). When Mark reenters Nina's life, intending to take control of the daughter's dancing career, he finds the tables are turned on him.
The Heartbreak Kid	Australian	drama	Michael Jenkins	Christina Papadopoulos (Claudia Karvan) is a sweet and well-meaning 22-year-old school teacher, engaged to ambitious lawyer Dimitri (Steve Bastoni). Christina's entire future seems planned out for her—albeit planned by her fiancé, her father and her priest. Lively 17-year-old Nick Polides (Alex Dimitriades) is a student in Christina's class. Nick and Christina find themselves attracted to each other as both begin to rebel against the constricting Greek-Australian cultural restraints put upon them. When Christina becomes the Coach of the school's soccer team, she and Nick begin to spend more time together outside of school hours. Soon their mutual attraction ignites into an illicit, passionate affair.
Bitter & Twisted	Australian	drama	Christopher Weekes	Three years after the death of a young man, Liam Lombard (Jeremy Brennan), the story flashes forward to assess the toll it has taken on his parents, brother, and ex-girlfriend, all set against the backdrop of suburban Sydney. Jordan Lombard (Steve Rodgers) is a broken man, now hideously obese and unable to function. His once happy marriage is skidding hopelessly out of control. His wife Penelope (Noni Hazlehurst) is trapped in routine, devoid of self-respect. Her pain only deepens with the onset of menopause. This humiliation has driven her straight into the arms of another, younger, man. Their surviving son Ben (Christopher Weekes) has developed a peculiar relationship with the local boy Matt (Matthew Newton). Though an unlikely pair, a romance has begun to blossom. As Ben’s sexuality comes further into question, he turns his attentions to the girl next-door Indigo (Leeanna Walsman), his dead brothers former lover. Never quite the same since his death, her destructive relationship with a married man, Greg (Gary Sweet), is fading as is her relationship with her mother Jackie (Penne Hackforth-Jones). As Ben sets out to woo her in his own twisted fashion, including dressing like an old neighbour, Indigo comes to find he might be her one true friend. Then history repeats. Jordan suffers a heart attack, shaking his family to their core. In the middle of a night, three years on from the death of her son, Penelope fights for her husband at a hospital bedside. Desperate to reclaim his life, Jordan races to quit his oppressive job in spectacular and uncharacteristic fashion on his bosses doorstep. When Jordan finally gets home that night – he crumbles in his wife’s arms - a second chance now awarded. Meanwhile, Ben makes his way to a lonely bus, planning to skip the city with Indigo. While there, he impulsively reaches over and kisses her, hoping all his questions might finally be answered. But there’s nothing. Liam is no longer the driving force of their lives. So as Ben races off to Matt, Penelope kisses her loving husband goodnight and Indigo begins her adventure from the back seat of a bus, they all finally see a road promised ahead, one with hope and the lessons learnt of living.[4]
So Close to Paradise	Chinese	drama	Wang Xiaoshuai	So Close to Paradise takes place in the 1980s in the central Chinese city of Wuhan. The film follows two young migrant workers. Young innocent Dong Zi (Shi Yu) is a pole carrier or coolie eking out a meager existence carrying heavy loads from place to place. His friend and roommate Gao Ping (Guo Tao) is from the same home village, but unlike Dong Zi, is older, more cynical, and has fallen into a life of petty crime. As the film begins, Gao has been cheated out of a small amount of money from a local gangster Su Wu (Wu Tao). Enraged, Gao drags his friend into Wuhan's underworld. Their first stop is a local bar, the Li Li Club where they go looking for Ruan Hong (Wang Tong), a Vietnamese singer who is said to know Su Wu. After speaking with her, Gao and Dong kidnap the young woman and drag her to their apartment. Gao asks Dong to leave the room after which he proceeds to rape her, while Dong peers through a crack in the door. Soon afterwards, however, Gao and Ruan suddenly become lovers, much to Dong Zi's surprise and consternation. As Gao and Ruan continue their relationship, Dong Zi becomes sullen and seemingly jealous, though it is unclear of whom. Later Ruan and Gao appear to get in a fight as Gao Ping continues to obsess over the small amount of money he has lost. Enraged, Ruan leaves the apartment with a curious Dong Zi in tow. The two talk throughout the night and Ruan reveals that she only wants to become a professional singer, though such dreams seem out of reach. She eventually returns to the apartment, but only to leave the phone number of Su Wu. Upon finding Su Wu, Gao beats and imprisons Su in a cellar before releasing him, after Su agrees to take him to his boss. What happens next is not shown on screen, though Dong Zi narrating explains that Gao Ping somehow became caught up in a scheme with Su Wu and his boss, leading to Gao murdering an unknown person. Tensions rise, however, when it is discovered that Ruan Hong is the kept woman of Su Wu's boss. Realizing the danger, Gao Ping disappears just as the boss and the police begin to close in on him. Secretly communicating with Ruan, Gao promises to take her away but fails to show up on the appointed day. Ruan is subsequently arrested when the Li Li Club is seized as a den of prostitution. When Gao finally comes back to his apartment, he is caught by the Boss whose men beat him to death. The film then ends as Ruan, now released from prison, returns to the apartment of Dong Zi and Gao Ping. For Dong Zi, she is the only person he knows in the city. They reminisce of the dead Gao, and Ruan thanks Dong Zi for kidnapping her that night. Before she leaves, Dong Zi gives her a walkman with a tape of one of her songs.
Yield to the Night	British	drama	J. Lee Thompson	Mary Price Hilton (Diana Dors) has been convicted of murder and sentenced to hang, and she spends her last days in the condemned cell in a British women's prison.
Jingzhe	Chinese	drama	Wang Quan'an	When Guan Ermei's (Yu Nan) grandfather falls terminally ill, her poor farming family is forced into a crisis. Selling their pigs in order to purchase cedar in order to make a casket, they discover that the money from the sale is insufficient to purchase the wood. Guan Ermei's father therefore attempts to illegally cut down a cedar tree when he is caught and fined. Even further in debt, the family arranges to sell Ermei to Zhang Suo, a drunken but wealthy peasant. Ermei, disgusted with her future husband, flees to the city and seeks out her friend Maonu (Shi Xiaoxia). Maonu sets Ermei with a job in a restaurant run by Yu, and also introduces her to a young man, Qian Liansheng. Soon, Ermei and Liansheng have fallen in love, although Liansheng remains unfaithful to Ermei. Ermei eventually returns home and marries Zhang Suo, bearing him a child. When her son falls ill, Ermei takes the family back to the city to see a doctor and her friend Maonu. Maonu, however, has moved to the south. Enamored with the idea of seeing the sea, the family returns home after Ermei's son has recovered. At first despondent, Ermei discovers the joy of simply playing with her son.
Maw`ed Ma` al-Hayat (Appointment with Life)	Egyptian	drama	Ezzel Dine Zulficar	Faten Hamama plays Amal, the only daughter of a famous doctor, who lives with Fatimah (Shadia). Fatimah has a crush on Mamdouh, Amal's father, and Amal is in love with Ahmed, an engineer. Amal's father learns of a deadly disease that his daughter has, and decides to hide the truth from her. The doctors have told him that she has only about six months to live, if she can not be cured. Amal finds out and her father faces her with the truth. He requests a talented foreign specialist, who was actually able to cure her disease. She, after recovering, marries her longtime love, Ahmed.
Chongqing Hot Pot	Chinese	drama	Yang Qing	From director Yang Qing (One Night at the Supermarket) comes Chongqing Hot Pot, the official opening night film at the Hong Kong International Film Festival. When three friends open a hot pot restaurant in a former bomb shelter, they discover it’s linked by a single wall to the bank vault next door. While deciding to take the easy money or go to the police, they find out one of the bank’s employees is a former classmate and look to enlist her in deciding their future. The movie ended on a happy note with the four friends eating together loosely discussing their future on the roof of the hospital where Liu Bo is admitted.[5]
Gifted	American	drama	Marc Webb	In a small town near Tampa, Florida, seven-year-old Mary Adler lives with uncle and de facto guardian, Frank. Her best friend is her 40-ish neighbor, Roberta. On her first day of first grade, she shows remarkable mathematical talent, which impresses her teacher, Bonnie Stevenson. There, despite her initial disdain for average children her own age and her boredom with their classwork, she begins to bond with them when she brings her one-eyed cat, Fred, for show-and-tell and later defends a classmate from a bully on the bus. Mary is offered a scholarship to a private school for gifted children. However, Frank turns it down. Based on his family's experiences with similar schools, he fears Mary will not have a chance at a normal childhood. It emerges that Mary's mother, Diane, had been a promising mathematician, dedicated to the Navier–Stokes problem (one of the unsolved Millennium Prize Problems) before taking her own life when Mary was six months old. Mary has lived with Frank, a former college professor turned boat repairman, ever since. Frank's estranged mother and Mary's maternal grandmother, Evelyn, seeks to gain custody of Mary and move her to Massachusetts, believing that Mary is a one-in-a-billion mathematical prodigy who should be specially tutored in preparation for a life devoted to mathematics, much as Diane was. However, Frank is adamant that his sister would want Mary to be in a normal public school and have the childhood she didn't have. Worried that the judge will rule against him and he will lose Mary completely, Frank accepts a compromise brokered by his lawyer Greg Cullen that sees Mary placed in foster care and attend the private school where Evelyn wants to have her enrolled. The foster parents live just 25 minutes from Frank's home, Frank will be entitled to scheduled visits, and Mary will be able to decide where she wants to live after her 12th birthday. Mary is devastated at being placed in foster care, and her foster father says she refuses to see Frank. When Bonnie sees a picture of Fred up for adoption, she alerts Frank. Frank retrieves the cat from the pound and, learning that Fred was brought in due to allergy issues, realizes that Evelyn—who is allergic to cats—is overseeing Mary's education in the guest house of Mary's foster home. He then reveals to Evelyn—who had been a mathematician herself—that Diane had solved the Navier–Stokes problem, but stipulated that the solution was to be withheld until Evelyn's death. Knowing that it meant everything to Evelyn to see Diane solve the problem, Frank offers to publish Diane's work if Evelyn drops her objection to him having custody of Mary. Evelyn reluctantly agrees. The film ends with Mary back in the custody of Frank, returning to public school while taking college-level courses in the mornings.
Haath Ki Safai	Bollywood	drama	Prakash Mehra	Two brothers get separated when fleeing from their village and reach Mumbai. Raju is led to a crook and becomes a pickpocket under his tutelage. The elder one, Shankar becomes a crime-boss. Shankar is popularly known as Kumar in his circle and is married to Roma, who is pregnant with their child. Roma is unaware of his criminal activities. He runs a hotel as a cover for his criminal activities and is mostly involved in smuggling gold and diamonds. Kamini is an orphaned girl, living with her crook uncle. For a dance show she arrives at Mumbai with her troupe and is robbed of her purse by a pickpocket. Raju retrieves her purse only to steal her expensive necklace. Kamini's uncle owes 1 million rupees to another criminal, Ranjeet. In order to pay his debt he advises Ranjeet to marry Kamini, so that he can inherit her wealth worth 5 million. Kamini runs away from her home. In order to trace her, Ranjeet advertises in a newspaper that Kamini has run away from home with jewellery worth 1 million. Raju is the first one to trace her and entices her to an isolated bungalow. Here, Kamini confesses her love for Raju, but he is indifferent and pretends to love her in return. He secretly checks all her baggage for jewellery and is disappointed to find that she has none. Shankar is able to trace Raju and trades Kamini for 10,000. Kamini is heartbroken with the reality. Ranjeet pays off Shankar for Kamini, while Kamini slips past his custody just in time. Coincidentally, she seeks shelter at Shankar's home and Roma comes to know everything about Shankar. She is shocked and tries to commit suicide. Shankar assumes that she has committed suicide, but is saved by Raju in the nick of time and takes her home. Since she is pregnant, the doctor advises her to rest. Shankar is heartbroken and vows give up all his criminal activities. He also gives shelter to Kamini and keeps her at his home. Kamini respects Shankar for his gesture and treats him like an elder brother. He returns the money to Ranjeet, which infuriates him and he wants revenge. Meanwhile, Kamini has a change of heart towards Raju when she learns that Raju has given up his pickpocketing and wants to lead a dignified life with her. Ranjeet decides to use Raju as a pawn to exact revenge. Through Raju, he manages to get Shankar arrested in an attempt to smuggle gold (his old commitment and final job), but Shankar somehow manages to hide the gold before being arrested. In order to create a rift between Kamini and Raju, he tells her that Raju got Shankar arrested. Kamini straight away goes to his home to find the truth and comes across Roma and her newborn baby. Kamini tells Roma that Shankar is truly sorry for his acts and has given up all his criminal activities. Kamini inform Shankar that Roma is alive and has their baby. Ranjeet manages to kidnap Kamini and desires to marry her. Kamini reveals that she has not inherited any wealth and her uncle was lying to him. Ranjeet then plans to trade her with Shankar for the smuggled gold. Shankar escapes the prison to see his wife. He encounters Raju and Raju is able to nab him and tie him up. Raju trades Shankar for Kamini and returns home with the purse he had pocketed of Shankar. At home, when he checks the contents he comes to know that Shankar is his long lost brother and goes to save Shankar. The film ends with a typical Bollywood climax, where Raju is able to save Shankar and Ranjeet is killed in the ensuing fight.
Bidaai	Bollywood	drama	L.V. Prasad	After his business partner leaves him penniless, Parvati's husband passes away, leaving behind two sons, Prabhakar (Satyen Kappu), Sudhakar (Jeetendra) and a dumb daughter Gauri (Meena T.), on the verge of destitution. When Prabhakar grows up, he marries Pooja (Kanan Kaushal) and moves out. Meanwhile, as time passes, Sudhakar grows up, completes his schooling, gets a job out of the town and relocates. When Gauri is not allowed to marry Murli (Asrani), she commits suicide and so does Murli, calling for Sudhakar back home. Sudhakar marries wealthy Padma (Leena Chandavarkar) and brings her home. Padma dislikes playing second fiddle even to Parvati leading to disagreements in the household. Padma's pregnancy to fails to resolve any of the problems. Thus the couple relocates to Padma's palatial house in the city, leaving an ailing Parvati on her own. The rest of the film shows how Padma understands the value of family ties, and the brothers, Prabhakar and Sudhakar, get together to unite the family.
Black Dogs Barking	Turkish	drama	Mehmet Bahadır Er & Maryna Gorbach	Selim’s family has migrated from Anatolia to İstanbul. A naive young man without any special training or expertise, he likes to feed pigeons on the rooftop of the building he lives in. Selim’s best friend, Çaça Celal, is a local tough guy. Selim and Çaça work for a man they refer to as Usta, running car parks in the ritzy neighborhood on the other side of the road. Their greatest dream is to have a car park of their own. In a club that Selim frequents, he meets Mehmet, who makes an offer that will change their lives forever
Danger List	British	drama	Leslie Arliss	A nurse in the dispensary of an English hospital is suffering with a migraine, and accidentally dispenses the wrong medicines to three patients. The police and doctors have little time to locate the patients before the consequences are fatal. All three patients are located. However, the husband (Johns) of the third uses the pills to kill his wife, who is already suffering from a terminal illness, and takes one himself to join her in death.
The Virgin Soldiers	British	drama	John Dexter	The core of the plot is the romantic triangle formed by the protagonist, a conscript soldier named Private Brigg; a worldly professional soldier named Sergeant Driscoll and Phillipa Raskin, the daughter of the Regimental Sergeant Major. The location is a British army base in Singapore during the Malayan Emergency. Brigg and Phillipa are virgins in every sense of the word; they're both barely out of adolescence. Brigg is fearful of Phillipa's father and hardly dares go near her. He is equally afraid of the Malayan and Chinese prostitutes in the nearby city. His only outlet is with his mates in the barracks, who fantasize endlessly about what they might do without actually knowing how to go ahead and do it. Phillipa is getting more and more rebellious, eventually setting herself up with Sgt. Driscoll as a lover, while she leads Brigg on in the romance department. Brigg finally summons up the courage and the cash to approach a prostitute, called Juicy Lucy by the troops. The encounter starts disastrously but after Lucy realizes Brigg is a virgin, she takes pity on him and begins his education in her own way. This develops into a long-term relationship, at least for Brigg, who she calls affectionately Bligg. Brigg tries not to think about what Lucy does when he is not with her. Driscoll is seething with his own inner demons. He keeps taunting a Sgt. Wellbeloved with the phrase Rusty nails!. Wellbeloved boasts constantly of keeping the Japanese busy during WW2, as a one-man guerilla army. Towards the end of the tale, the secret is revealed: Wellbeloved was a coward, and Rusty Nails was the nickname of the soldier he betrayed to the Japanese. Driscoll beats Wellbeloved to a pulp on behalf of the victim. The novel crystallizes around violent incidents involving rioting in the city and an attack by Communist guerillas on a train. Several of Brigg's friends are killed. Brigg tries to find Lucy for solace, only to be told she was beaten to death by soldiers. (In the film, the locomotive destroyed was one of the last four used to haul mainline BR steam - the famous Fifteen Guinea Special.) Days before he is to be sent home, he confronts Phillipa with his frustrations, with unexpectedly pleasant results. For Phillipa, however, he is a passing fancy. Her sergeant awaits ... Eventually Brigg and his remaining friends are about to embark for home. The final scene has them shouting the name of a laundryman, whom Brigg has mistakenly shot in the hand in an earlier episode, a certain Fuk Yew. It symbolizes their relation to Malaya and Malaya to them, when the tailor responds with the appropriate hand signal, using his damaged hand. One may compare the British-made Virgin Soldiers serving out their two years of National Service in Malaya, with the American-made MASH portraying US soldiers serving out their two years of the draft in Korea in the same period. There is a stark difference in the style of the humour.
Diksha	Bollywood	drama	Arun Kaul	Placed in the early 1930s, Diksha is the story of a guru and his widowed daughter, the head disciple and the novice; the lowly-born Koga, who dreams of learning the intricacy of scriptures. In a weaker moment during the long absence of her father, the young widow falls to the temptation of the flesh. The lover is not ready to accept the responsibility. The widow is forced to abort. In the ensuing commotion, the father is called back. He is forced to give his decision. He pronounces her dead and performs her Ghata-Shraddha (a ritual where an immoral person is ex-communicated, pronounced dead and her last rites performed when the accused is still alive, thus depriving her of all worldly relations). While the Brahmin society praises the guru, individuals revolt. The head disciple leaves the town; the child-novice goes back to his parents; and the Koga refuses heaven and salvation.
Millions Like Us	British	drama	Sidney Gilliat, Frank Launder	Celia Crowson (Roc) and her family go on holiday to the south coast of England in the summer of 1939. Soon afterwards the Second World War breaks out and Celia's father (Moore Marriott) joins what was to become the Home Guard and her more confident sister Phyllis (Joy Shelton) joins the Auxiliary Territorial Service. Fearing her father's disapproval if she moves away from home, Celia hesitates about joining up but eventually her call-up papers arrive. Hoping to join the WAAF or one of the other services, Celia instead gets posted to a factory making aircraft components, where she meets her co-workers, including her Welsh room-mate Gwen Price (Megs Jenkins) and the vain upper middle class Jennifer Knowles (Anne Crawford). Knowles dislikes the work they have to do at the factory, causing friction with their supervisor Charlie Forbes (Eric Portman) which eventually blossoms into a verbally combative romance. A nearby RAF bomber station sends some of its men to a staff dance at the factory, during which Celia meets and falls in love with an equally shy young Scottish flight sergeant Fred Blake (Gordon Jackson). Their relationship encounters a crisis when Fred refuses to tell Celia when he is sent out on his first mission, but soon afterwards they meet and make up, with Fred asking Celia to marry him. After the wedding they spend their honeymoon at the same south coast resort as the Crowsons went to in 1939, finding it much changed with minefields and barbed wire defending against the expected German invasion. Just after returning to the factory, they find furnished rooms nearby to set up house together, but then Fred is killed in a bombing raid over Germany. Celia receives the news while working at the factory and at a mealtime shortly afterwards the band plays Waiting at the Church, without realising it had been played at Celia's wedding reception. About to break down, Celia is comforted by her fellow workers, as bombers from Fred's squadron overfly the factory en route to another raid.
The Russia House	American	drama	Fred Schepisi	In 1987, Bartholomew Barley Scott Blair, a British publisher, is at a book fair in Moscow. With business friends he goes on a drunken retreat to a secluded dacha in the forest near Peredelkino. When their talk turns to politics, Barley finds himself talking boldly of patriotism and courage, of a new world order, and an end to Cold War tensions. One attentive listener, Goethe, asks him privately whether he truly believes in the possibility of such a world. Barley convincingly says that he does. Several months later in Moscow, a woman named Katya seeks Barley out at an audio fair, hoping to convince him to publish a manuscript for her friend Yakov which details Soviet nuclear capabilities and atomic secrets. The manuscript has a cover letter to Barley, saying that Yakov is trying to serve his country by hastening the day when democracy will come to the Soviet Union. Barley is in Lisbon. Katya gives the package to Niki Landau to forward it to Barley. When Landau is unable to locate Barley, the manuscript is sent to the Secret Intelligence Service (MI6). Their Russia House is more than interested in it and ask Barley to contact Yakov with a list of verifying questions to determine the document's authenticity. Barley is content to stay out of the matter, but he is manipulated into undertaking the mission. He grows fond of Katya and begins thinking of a way to get her out of the Soviet Union. Over the course of several meetings with Katya and Yakov, Barley realises his nervous informant is very likely under KGB scrutiny. The CIA and MI6 decide one final meeting is needed to verify the authenticity of the data, but Yakov is suddenly hospitalized due to purported exhaustion. In a secure phone call, Yakov tells Katya through code that he has been taken and that she is in danger. Barley and Katya realise that any further meeting is merely a KGB scheme to draw them out into the open. Barley receives a message that he must bring a final and exhaustive list of questions on Soviet research. He makes contact with one of his Soviet publishing associates who uses his connections in the KGB to arrange a meeting with Yakov's handlers. Although the CIA and MI6 set up a major surveillance operation at the meeting site, Barley goes missing along with the last set of questions, presumably arrested. More than a year later, after several unconfirmed sightings in Moscow, Barley shows up in Portugal, offering no explanation for his absence. Neither the CIA nor MI6 are inclined to interrogate him, reasoning that the KGB has already worn him down to get the information they needed. They are resigned to the fact that the manuscript had been KGB bait all along. The truth, however, is that Barley traded the questions for the freedom of Katya and her family. The philosophical Barley reasons that governments are not the only ones who can manipulate and betray, and some things are more important than the games that spies play with others' lives.
Spellcaster	American	drama	Rafal Zielinski	Winning a trip to Italy through a contest, Jackie (O'Grady) and her brother Tom (Pruett) join other winners Myrna (Demson), Yvette (Lind), Terri (Ulrich), Harlan (Zorek) and Tony (Modugno). They settle into the rooms of an old castle, together with Cassandra (Bailey), a rock star playing along in the contest. Wanting to get a leg up on each other, they all try to sneak out and find the prize before it starts, to no avail. When the contest begins, they start to die one-by-one from a mysterious source within the castle. Figuring that evil forces are at work, the remaining members race to stop the assailant from finishing their work.
Hemlock Society	Bengali	drama	Srijit Mukherji	The movie is a very strong insight into psychological dilemma about the primal existence of life. It reiterates the fact that you can 'shock someone by letting her know that death is impending and inescapable.’ It is a dark comedy which successfully evokes an awareness of life. The comic element is used dexterously to bring out the fear of death. The protagonist Meghna (Koel Mallick), misses her mother, hums the songs of her favorite Sidhartha Roy numbers, blames the new lady in her father’s life, shaken by the dejection by her fiancé. Yet, as an escape route from the world of pain and suffering she goes to her father doctor to get prescribed sleeping pills. Ananda Kar (Parambrata) as the name suggests ‘make merry’ refrains her from ending her life. He comes with an unusual proposal of imparting her technical know how about committing suicide. He adds 'the training will save you from embarrassment if suicide becomes a vain attempt'. Ananda Kar is the founder of the Hemlock Society, that teaches aspirants how to successfully commit suicide. The names of the professors are also significant of the tricks they will teach to execute the end. The society is a film studio. Meghna assembles with all other suicide aspirants being addressed by the over-enthusiastic professors, trainlet, jhulan, dhamani, raktim, shikha, all specialists in different suicide methods. Meghna goes with him, leaving a goodbye message for her parents at her apartment door. Dr. Basu comes in search of his daughter, finds the note and shatters in grievance. Dr. Basu and Niharika start their search for Meghna and almost leave no stone unturned. Meanwhile, at Hemlock Society, Meghna encounters with miscellaneous experiences related to humans lives and death. The three-day workshop at the society makes her understand the importance of life and what difference her loss would mean to her near and dear ones. The metamorphosis of Meghna occurs when she realizes the miseries of other inmates and considers herself lucky. On the final day, Meghna confesses to Ananda that she wants to live and a vital reason which worked behind her changing of mind is that she had fallen in love with Ananda. Ananda informs her that he is suffering from 'Lymphocytopenia' a medical condition for which he would survive only for two more years. Meghna leaves Hemlock Society, sobbing and returns to her father. The very thought that someone near the cradle of death can ‘drink life to the lees’ in spite of complain and regret, surprises her. She learns from Ananda, that Hemlock society is an institute that refrains people from ending their life by making them aware of the importance of life. Six months later, Meghna reconciles with Ananda while he is on a nursing home bed, after having a blood-transfusion. The film ends with a witty note where Meghna’s fiancé (Saheb Chatterjee), now a dejected soul and undoubtedly suicide aspirant, being taken to 'Hemlock Society'.[1]
Ke Tumi	Bengali	drama	Prasun Bandyopadhyay	Rajesh is a teacher. His wife Shila is killed while driving as she meets with an accident. After cremating her, Rajesh comes back home and is told by his maidservant who was very loyal to his wife that his wife had come home when he was away and she had just left before arriving. He is shocked to hear as he had himself cremated her and identified her by what she was wearing and by certain marks on her body. Soon after a look alike of Shila turns up at Rajesh's place and claims to be his wife. Rajesh refuses to believe her and informs the police about this imposter. She appears before Rajesh from time to time and he is highly disturbed. The police, who are also eager to solve the case, file a case against Shila. The public prosecutor appearing for the police and Rajesh is the father of Sumi, a student of Rajesh. The imposter turns out to Capt. Choudhury, a lady officer of the army, a friend of Shila who had taken her test to catch the actual murderer. The murderer turn out to be Sumi, Rajesh's student who had paid certain people to eliminate Shila as she loved Rajesh and the later commits suicide when she comes to know that Rajesh doesn’t love her.
New Delhi Times	Bollywood	drama	Unknown	The film tells the story of an honest journalist Vikas Pande (Shashi Kapoor) from Ghazipur in eastern Uttar Pradesh who moves to Delhi to run a newspaper, and soon uncovers a political assassination, and in the process, falls prey to a corrupt system and the nexus between politicians and media barons. The film starts with the assassination of a local MLA Bhaleram in the circuit house of Ghazipur. The guard of the circuit house goes missing. Vikas Pande is the upright and fearless executive editor of the New Delhi Times newspaper and is in the process of exposing a scandal of illegal hooch that killed 100s of people. Meanwhile, there is a power struggle going on between the incumbent chief minister Chaturvedi and the ambitious MLA Ajay Singh Om Puri for the post of chief minister. Ajay Singh is a dangerous man and linked with all types of illegal activities like drug trafficking, smuggling, extortion, looting, etc. His business is managed by his trusted lieutenant Iqbal. Iqbal is arrested in the murder case of Bhaleram. He is the cause of frequent riots that are taking place in Ghazipur. Vikas goes to Ghazipur to cover the riots and meets locals. Here, he finds overwhelming evidences which suggests that Ajay Singh is somehow linked with the murder. On the other hand Vikas's wife, who is a lawyer, is approached by an old man whose daughter is missing from her in-laws place, and whom they claim had gone mad. She is fighting the case. In a tensed hearing at the court, Iqbal states that he is innocent and Ajay Singh has committed the crime. This becomes the front page news of the New Delhi Times. Ajay Singh is very anxious and summons Vikas. Vikas confronts him directly and accuses him of the murder. In a fit of rage, Ajay Singh reveals that he had bribed Bhaleram and his 13 MLAs and his road to chief minister's chair was almost clear. Hence, he had no motive to kill him. Ajay Singh is constantly putting the CM under pressure, yet the CM miraculously escapes every trap. Also Vikas is threatened by goons to stop pursuing the murder case, which motivates him further. He collates all the facts and writes an article which links Ajay Singh with the murder, but has no concrete evidence. Although reluctant to publish the article, his bosses finally concede to his demands and publish it. One fine day the old man who had earlier approached Vikas's wife for his missing daughter, comes to thank her for her efforts. It is revealed that his daughter is found at a mental asylum, where the staff and police officials were bribed to declare her mentally unfit. The old man further reveal that the guard of the circuit house is admitted in the asylum. Vikas immediately meets the guard. The guard is an old man who tells him that he is not mentally ill and reveals all the happenings of that day. On the fateful day, his son -who is in fact a mole of Chaturvedi - visits him. The deal does take place with Ajay Singh but once they leave, Bhaleram is murdered by goons of Chaturvedi. Vikas realizes that all the evidences were planted by Chaturvedi to implicate Ajay Singh and keep him under control. He is sad that he has been used by Chaturvedi, but then his friend Anwar consoles him saying that the person whom he has exposed deserve at least what he has done. [5]
Raja Jani	Bollywood	drama	Mohan Segal	The narrative begins with a young man, Raj Raja Kumar (Dharmendra), with a dreary past, in search of a young girl who could be placed in the palace as heir to kingdom– courtesy an arrangement with the scheming Diwan Gajendra Singh (Prem Nath). He finds one in a street dancer, Shanoo (Hema Malini), trains her up as a princess and presents her to the Rajmata (Durga Khote) as her long lost grand-daughter, Ratna. Rajmata is delighted to have her back, but not without doubts and misgivings. Now the familiar twists and turns take over, bringing into the plot the mistrusting father and son team of Gajendra and Pratap Bahadur with whom Ratna has to get married. But Raja has his own plans of ditching Diwan. The usual attacks and counter attacks follow, leading to the climax in the treasure chamber in which a lot of tomato sauce is splattered. Raja and Ratna carry out a well thought out plan, and the lovers are united by the grandmother.[3]
Beta	Bollywood	drama	Inder Kumar	Beta is the story of how greediness overtakes family values, portrayed by Aruna Irani as Laxmi and Madhuri Dixit as Saraswati in key roles, followed by Raju (Anil Kapoor), as the only child of a widower multi-millionaire father. After the death of his wife, the widower (Raju's father) looks for a woman who can provide his son a mother's love. Raju's father believes he can accomplish this for his son by marrying Laxmi (Aruna Irani), thinking that she will care for Raju as her natural son. Unfortunately, the step-mother is cruel and cunning. Even though Raju becomes devoted to his stepmother, with love and respect does whatever she asks of him - she cunningly convinces Raju that he should always remain naïve and uneducated. As Raju grows older, his stepmother increasingly isolates his aging father from the family, overpowering him and considering him mentally incompetent, locked up in a room of the family home. Raju meets Saraswati (Madhuri Dixit) at a local fair, and after some dating they fall in love. Despite the villagers rumours that Saraswati is not chaste, Raju wishes to marry her. After the marriage, Saraswati lives in the extended family home as a good and happy wife, but later discovers that her stepmother-in-law's love for Raju is a ruse to discredit Raju's father and that Laxmi has the family fortune diverted to Raju's half-brother (greed for a family fortune). A battle of wills between the stepmother and the stepdaughter-in-law ensues. Laxmi sees that her influence over the family is challenged by Saraswati, who insists that Raju's father leave behind his prison and return to the family circle as there is nothing wrong with him. Whenever Saraswati tries to draw the attention of Raju of the intentions of his step-mother, Laxmi starts to abuse and embarrass Saraswati with all the family members present. Not being able to bear embarrassment any longer, Saraswati is ready to leave, but then, to protect her husband from Laxmi's evil intentions, she decides to apologise to her mother-in-law. Saraswati then cleverly starts exposing Laxmi's every effort and intention in a dignified manner so that her husband will not be offended. For example; The medical school degree of Raju's step-brother was bought rather than earned through studies. Saraswati also plans for Laxmi to slip and fall and get a fracture which will force her to remain bed ridden, and Raju would serve her like a good son. In this way, Laxmi never has a moment to plan her cunning schemes. A few years later, Saraswati becoming pregnant, which prompts Laxmi to attempt to kill Raju's unborn child (who will inherit the wealth) with poison in saffron and milk. Saraswati, being wary and cautious of her mother in law's cruelty) discovers this scheme and informs her husband. Obviously, blinded by his mother, refuses to believe her accusations. Raju defends his step-mother and offers to prove that Saraswati is wrong by drinking the milk and then coughs up blood. At this point, near death, Raju realises that indeed what Saraswati said is true about his step-mother's evil intentions. In his usual innocent manner, he asks the culprit the reason why, and told her that all she had to do (as his mother) was simply ask for the wealth — he would have happily agreed to give her all of it. He tells Laxmi that his wish to die in peace would be accomplished if she, to at least once without malice, call him her son. His words so deeply touch Laxmi that she realises her cruelty has gone too far. The film concludes with Raju slowly recovering, agreeing to give to his step mother his worldly possessions, and leaving home with his wife and father and unborn child. At the last moment, Laxmi begs him not to leave and to prove her remorse she tears-up the legal papers and tells him that all she wants is nothing more than her son.
Higher Learning	American	drama	John Singleton	At fictitious Columbus University, students Malik Williams, a black track athlete, Kristen Connor, a white woman, and Remy, a white young man, are starting their freshman year. Kristen's roommate is Monet, a black student. Malik's roommate is Wayne, a white student. Both sets of roommates generally get along. Monet and Malik attend a dorm party hosted by Fudge, an Afrocentric and militant senior. Remy, Fudge's roommate, is upset at the loud rap music being played so late. He flags down an all-white campus security patrol to break up the party. Fudge is upset that lead Officer Bradley comes down hard on the black students, but allows the room down the hall to continue their loud hillbilly music. Kristen, while walking home, meets Taryn, a junior as well as an openly lesbian student. Taryn warns her about walking alone late at night and invites her to a student group. Malik and Kristen's introductory political science class is taught by Professor Maurice Phipps, a conservative black man from the West Indies. Professor Phipps challenges the class to determine who they are for themselves and not let others categorize them. Fudge and his friend Dreads play loud music, disrupting Remy's studying. When Remy complains, Fudge mocks and threatens him, causing Remy to move in with a new roommate, Jewish student David. Later, Remy loses at a video game to Malik, who further mocks him. Frat boy Billy rapes a drunken Kristen. Monet finds Kristen crying on her bed, then fields a racially charged call from Billy. Angered, Monet turns to Fudge, who recruits his friends to confront him at a frat party. Kristen points out Billy to the black students, who pull him outside and force him to apologize to Monet (not knowing that he raped Kristen). Kristen joins Taryn's student group on harmony between different races and cliques. With time, she eventually opens up to Taryn about her rape, with Taryn encouraging her to report it and attempting to console her. As days pass, Kristen slowly realizes her growing attraction to Taryn. Remy has become more isolated. He is invited for a drink by Scott Moss, a white supremacist and neo-Nazi skinhead, along with Scott's skinhead friends: Erik, James, and the weight-lifting, hulking Knocko. Malik confronts Phipps about a paper, arguing for a better grade. When Phipps shows him the various spelling and grammar errors, Malik calls him a sellout for the white establishment. Phipps angrily responds that the world owes Malik nothing and he must work for his own good to make a difference in the world. When Malik's teammates confront him for a poor performance at a track meet, he responds with Fudge's militant Afrocentric ideology. He walks away and flirts with fellow runner Deja. With time they become a couple, and Deja helps Malik with his essay and spelling errors. Remy spends more time with Scott and his gang. Scott preaches his racist beliefs, and the troubled Remy is slowly being convinced that the white man is endangered, agreeing to shave his head and join Scott's group. After attending a rape awareness rally with Taryn, Kristen asks to spend the night. Taryn rebuffs her, wanting Kristen to be sure. Kristen eventually starts separate relationships with Wayne and Taryn, who are unaware that Kristen is sleeping with both of them. Remy confronts Malik with racial slurs. Remy later pulls a handgun on Malik and David, hurling racial slurs at them both as he packs his belongings and drops out of the university. Again, Officer Bradley and the all-white campus security assume Malik is at fault, letting Remy escape. Malik decides to move in with Fudge and his like-minded black friends, while Remy moves in with Scott and the neo-Nazi skinheads. After Malik and his black friends win a fistfight against Remy and his skinhead friends, Scott first tells Remy he should not drop out of school because they do not just need soldiers, but also educated people like lawyers to fight for their cause. However Remy, feeling punked by Malik, just wants to turn to violence. So after Remy insists that he is for real, Scott sighs and shows Remy the sniper rifle. He challenges Remy to kill for the white race. Kristen organizes a peace festival with Monet to calm down the students. Malik and Deja attend, and are caught in the frenzy when Remy opens fire from the rooftop of a nearby building. Two students are killed, including Deja, who dies in Malik's arms. Malik runs into the building and attacks Remy, trying to choke him to death when Officer Bradley and his campus guards intervene and beat Malik while letting Remy go. The campus guards finally approach Remy, who apologizes to Bradley and his men for everything that he did and commits suicide. A few days later, Malik and Phipps discuss his future at the university, with Phipps saying he trusts Malik's judgment. Later, Malik and Kristen are seen talking, for the first time, at an impromptu memorial site. Kristen feels guilty about the deaths because she started the Peace Fest, but Malik assuages her guilt. As Phipps leaves his office, the final shot shows the United States flag fluttering in the wind as the caption unlearn appears over it, fading to the closing credits.
The Assam Garden	British	drama	Mary McMurray	The recently widowed and somewhat cold Mrs. Graham (Deborah Kerr) discovers that her late husband's expansive garden has been selected for consideration as a Great British Garden. Mrs Graham then devotes her days to tending the garden that her husband had devoted his life to, in hopes of getting selected to this honor. While gardening, Mrs. Graham meets and develops a close friendship with her neighbor, Mrs. Lal. Through working in the garden with Mrs. Lal, Mrs. Graham finds some joy and warmth in life. However, Mrs. Lal is homesick for her native India and at the end of the film, returns to India, leaving Mrs. Graham alone again. Mrs. Graham also learns that her husband left debts behind and she may be forced to sell her house and her beloved garden, just when it looks like it has qualified for the Great British Garden list. The film ends with Mrs. Graham standing alone in the garden calling aloud to her late husband to not leave her.
Pure Shit aka. Pure S...	Australian	drama	Bert Deling	A young woman dies of a heroin overdose. Four junkies who knew her commandeer her car and spend 24 hours searching the streets of Melbourne for good quality heroin, and excitement.
Henry VIII and His Six Wives	British	drama	Waris Hussein	On his deathbed, Henry VIII reflects upon his long reign, and especially the crucial part his six marriages have played. The bulk of the film is depicted in flashback, while the elderly Henry VIII is surrounded by his family and courtiers waiting for him to die. Henry's first queen is the Spanish princess Catherine of Aragon. The young pair are in the midst of celebrating the birth of their son, only to be told that he has died. Henry and Catherine mourn their child together, and hope for another soon. Many years pass, during which time Catherine only manages to produce one living daughter, Mary. Henry confides to Thomas More that he fears the marriage is cursed by God, as Catherine had previously been married to Henry's late older brother, Arthur, although the marriage was not consummated. Henry woos Anne Boleyn, a lady at court, who refuses to sleep with him unless she is his wife. Henry presses the Vatican for an annulment of his marriage to Catherine but when that fails he has Cardinal Wolsey removed from office and himself made head of the Church of England. Catherine is sent away from court and Anne is crowned the new queen. Anne also fails to produce a male heir, only giving birth to another daughter, Elizabeth. Henry loses interest in Anne and starts courting Jane Seymour, another lady of the court. Thomas Cromwell, protege of Cardinal Wolsey, observes Henry's interest in Jane and decides to assist him, presenting a case of Anne's infidelity with various gentlemen of the court and her own brother, George Boleyn. Anne is arrested and beheaded in the Tower of London. Henry marries Jane Seymour, who successfully returns Princess Mary to royal favour and has opinions on the matter of religion and asks for pardons for the participants of the Pilgrimage of Grace. Jane gives birth to Henry's long-sought male heir, Edward, but she dies soon afterwards. Henry's courtiers advise him to marry again for diplomatic reasons, with Cromwell pushing for the German Anne of Cleves, of whose portrait Henry approves. However, when she arrives Henry is disappointed that her appearance doesn't match the image, and not long after a reluctant wedding, arranges an annulment. At court, Henry is drawn to Catherine Howard, young cousin of Anne Boleyn. Catherine is surprised by Henry's attention, but is pressured to give way to him by her uncle, Thomas Howard, Duke of Norfolk. Henry and Catherine marry, with Henry lavishing her with many gifts and jewels. Archbishop Thomas Cranmer then discovers that Catherine has had liaisons before her marriage, and presents this knowledge to Henry, who at first refuses to believe the charges. Cranmer secures a confession from Catherine, who also admits of an affair with Thomas Culpeper during her marriage to Henry. Catherine is beheaded. Henry, now elderly, approaches Catherine Parr, a widow from two previous marriages. Catherine is at first reluctant, citing her religious views which differ from Henry's, but Henry admits his need for companionship in his old age. The pair marry, and Catherine becomes a loving stepmother to the royal children Mary, Elizabeth and Edward. At the end of the flashbacks, Catherine Parr is shown waiting by Henry's beside with Princess Mary. Archbishop Cranmer is summoned for Henry's final confession, and Henry dies holding his hand.
Khel Khel Mein	Bollywood	drama	Ravi Tandon	Ajay joins a college in Shimla for further education. He meets Vikram and Nisha, two slackers in the college who just love playing pranks. Ajay is way different from them and an easy target. But after some initial hiccups, Ajay becomes friends with them. Soon, the trio are playing pranks on unsuspecting people. One day, they spot a stingy Seth (a wealthy man) and send him a fake typewritten extortion note, hoping to relieve him of his money. However, the next day, they find out through the newspaper that the man is dead. Based on the circumstances, they realize that they might end up as prime suspects in the case. They decide to destroy their incriminating typewriter, only to find it missing. Also, they realize that a stranger (Dev Kumar) is stalking them. Ajay and Nisha decide to tell police the truth, whether they believe it or not. But even before they can tell the truth, they are horrified to find Vikram dead. They meet Inspector Bhupendra Singh, who is investigating the case. The Inspector is sceptical, but gives them one chance to prove their innocence. From Vikram's personal belongings, they find out about a club singer named Sherie. Anticipating that Sherie may know as to why Vikram was killed, they go to meet Sherie. But when they go to her dressing room after her performance, they find her dead. The duo realize that Sherie was involved in some shady deals and Vikram was her partner. After trying to find out some information, they learn that Sherie acted as a middleman between a dreaded criminal named Black Cobra and the people who paid him. After learning that Black Cobra is an extortionist and the dead man was also on his payroll, blocks suddenly start falling into places. Ajay and Nisha deduce that the Seth thought the note was from Black Cobra and confronted him. The Seth thought that Black Cobra became more greedy and threatened to expose him, following which he was killed by latter. Black Cobra thought that Vikram and Sherie were extorting people in his name, behind his back, so he killed them. He also stole the typewriter to frame Ajay and Nisha. It becomes clear that the person following them is either Black Cobra himself, or his henchman. Though they have no concrete information about Black Cobra, they find some information secretly hidden by Sherie, that might unmask Black Cobra. The stranger confronts them, but the duo overpower him and escape. They inform the Inspector about their findings. The Inspector calls them to meet him in an abandoned place. Ajay gives him all the incriminating evidence, but to his astonishment, the Inspector burns all of it. He shocks him by telling that he is none other than Black Cobra himself. Suddenly Ajay realizes that he played right into his hands. Black Cobra coolly goes on to declare that since he knows pretty much everything, he has to kill him and pin the blame of all the killings on him. He denies that he sent any man behind them. Just he is about to pull the trigger, the stranger makes an entry and after some fight the Black Cobra is put behind bars. To a bewildered Ajay and Nisha, the stranger reveals that he is Charlie, an undercover police officer working on the murder cases. He tells that he suspected Vikram and Sherie of running the extortion racket much before the first murder. He already knew about the prank, but was unsure of the killer's identity. So he stole their typewriter. Then Cobra killed Vikram and Sherie to keep his secret intact. Then he knew that Cobra is behind all this and used the duo to track down Cobra. He reassures Ajay and Nisha that even though Black Cobra destroyed all the proof, there is no proof against the duo either. He tells the duo to collect the typewriter from him the next day. The duo oblige, vowing never to play such pranks again.
Woman in Gold	American	drama	Simon Curtis	In a series of flashbacks throughout the film, Maria Altmann recalls the arrival of Nazi forces in Vienna, and the subsequent persecution of the Jewish community and the looting and pillaging conducted by the Nazis against Jewish families. Seeking to escape before the country is completely shut off, Maria Altmann and members of her family attempt to flee to the United States. While Altmann and her husband are successful in their escape, she is forced to abandon her parents in Vienna. In the present, living in Los Angeles, a now elderly and widowed Altmann attends the funeral for her sister. She discovers letters in her sister's possession dating to the late 1940s, which reveal an attempt to recover artwork owned by the Bloch-Bauer family that was left behind during the family's flight for freedom and subsequently stolen by the Nazis. Of particular note is a painting of Altmann's aunt, Adele Bloch-Bauer, now known in Austria as the Woman in Gold. Altmann enlists the help of E. Randol Schoenberg (the son of her close friend, Barbara), a lawyer with little experience, to make a claim to the art restitution board in Austria. Reluctantly returning to her homeland, Altmann discovers that the country's minister and art director are unwilling to part with the painting, which they feel has become part of the national identity. Altmann is told that the painting was in fact legitimately willed to the gallery by her aunt. Upon further investigation by her lawyer and Austrian journalist Hubertus Czernin, this claim proves to be incorrect, as the alleged will is invalid due to the fact that her aunt did not own the painting in question, the artist's fee having been paid by Altmann's uncle; moreover, Adele Bloch-Bauer wanted the painting to go to the museum at her husband's death while in fact it was taken from him by the Nazis and placed in the museum by a Nazi-collaborating curator, well before his death. Schoenberg files a challenge with the art restitution board, but it is denied and Altmann does not have the money needed to challenge the ruling. Defeated, she and Schoenberg return to the United States. Months thereafter, happening upon an art book with Woman in Gold on the cover, Schoenberg has an epiphany. Using a narrow rule of law and precedents in which an art restitution law was retroactively applied, Schoenberg files a claim in US court against the Austrian government contesting their claim to the painting. An appeal goes to the Supreme Court of the United States, where in the matter of Republic of Austria v. Altmann, the court rules in Altmann's favor, which results in the Austrian government attempting to persuade Altmann to retain the painting for the gallery, which she refuses. After a falling out over the issue of returning to Austria for a second time to argue the case, Altmann agrees for Schoenberg to go and argue the case in front of an arbitration panel of three arbiters in Vienna. In Austria, the arbitration panel hears the case, during which Schoenberg reminds them of the Nazi regime's war crimes. He implores the arbitration panel to think of the meaning of the word restitution and to look past the artwork hanging in art galleries to see the injustice to the families who once owned such great paintings and were forcibly separated from them by the Nazis. Unexpectedly, Altmann arrives during the session, indicating to Czernin that she came to support her lawyer. After considering both sides of the dispute, the arbitration panel rules in favour of Altmann, returning her paintings. The Austrian government representative makes a last-minute proposal begging Altmann to keep the paintings in the Belvedere against a generous compensation. Altmann refuses and elects to have the painting moved to the United States with her (They will now travel to America like I once had to as well), and takes up an offer made earlier by Ronald Lauder to acquire them for his New York gallery to display the painting on condition that it be a permanent exhibit.
Fujian Blue	Chinese	drama	Weng Shouming	Fujian Blue takes place in the southeastern coastal province of Fujian (located across the straits from Taiwan). The film follows several characters in two separate but linked tales in the aftermath of the Communist government's decision to open the province up to the outside world in the 1980s. The first tale, entitled The Neon Knights follows the youth Amerika (Zhu Xiaoping) who lives in Fuqing. Amerika works for Roppongi (Zhuang Jiangjie), who operates a blackmailing ring that targets lonely housewives who have committed adultery while their husbands are away. Unbeknownst to Amerika, Amerika's mother (Wang Ruiyin) is also involved in crime, as an agent for the smuggler Czech (Gao Qing). Upset that his mother will not pay for his college education, Amerika makes her his next blackmailing target, but his plan goes awry and he is forced to seek refuge on Pingtan Island. The second tale, entitled At Home at Sea takes place on that same island and follows another youth in Roppongi's gang named Dragon (Luo Jin). Dragon, too, has fled to Pingtan after stabbing a man earlier. He had turned to crime in order to pay for the loans taken out to have his brother illegally smuggled out of the country. With nowhere to turn, Amerika gives Dragon some money, and he must decide whether to use it to emigrate himself, or to help his family.
1st Sem	Filipino	drama	Allan Ibañez	Maru Marasigan (Darwin Yu), a sixteen-year old incoming freshman from the province, leaves his hometown to study in one of the prestigious universities in Manila. He is accompanied by his mother Precy (Lotlot de Leon) as he goes to his dormitory. But Precy cannot help but get emotional when she is about to leave him. Maru feels sad seeing his mother cry. This escalates after Maru spent his first night at the dorm feeling alone and very lonely. Maru then decides to pack his things and go back home. Precy is very shocked to see him in their kitchen early in the morning the following day. Down on his knees, Maru pleads to Precy to allow him to study in a nearby college for he cannot afford to live miles away from his family. But Precy rejects Maru's request and tells him to go back to Manila instead. As Maru insists his decision and disobeys Precy, his relationship with his mother starts to fall apart.
Michael and Mary	British	drama	Victor Saville	A young bride (Edna Best) is deserted by her husband (D. A. Clarke-Smith) but finds happiness with another man (Herbert Marshall). They contract a bigamous marriage for the sake of their child (Frank Lawton). The first husband turns up and starts black-mailing them. During a quarrel with the second husband, he dies. After some complications, their son learns the truth, but stands by them.
The Years Between	British	drama	Compton Bennett	The film charts the homecoming of a British MI6 officer, who had been working with the French Resistance and was presumed dead. His wife is about to marry again, and to become an MP, and all must now readjust to the new situation.[2][3]
Feast of July	British	drama	Christopher Menaul	The movie opens with Isabella Ford (Embeth Davidtz) in a pathetic state, traveling alone from Selmouth to Addisford on foot although she will be having a baby in a short while. In a deserted cabin on the way, she gives birth to a stillborn baby. She buries it and continues her journey to Addisford. She arrives there late in the evening and meets Ben Wainwright (Tom Bell), the lamplighter at Addisford. He asks her about herself and if she has any relatives in Addisford. Bella replies that she does not have any and she came looking for a man by the name of Arch Wilson (Greg Wise). Ben does not know him and seeing her plight, takes her to his house. He tells his wife (Gemma Jones) to get Bella washed up. Bella, now clean and dry, sits at the dinner table while Ben introduces his family. Ben has three children. Matty (Kenneth Anderson), Con (Ben Chaplin) and Jedd (James Purefoy). Matty, the youngest, is a shoemaker, Jedd is a soldier (cavalry) and Con does not have a specific profession. He does the household chores and helps his parents around. Throughout the movie, Con is shown to be reserved and introverted with a violent temper, although kind at heart. Bella is unable to eat anything during the dinner, starts crying, and faints when she stands up to go to bed. Mrs. Wainwright puts Bella to bed and feeds her some soup after a while. Bella refuses to have more and falls asleep. She wakes up in the midnight and remembers the intimate moments with her lover, Arch. She falls asleep again and wakes up in the morning. From the window, she sees Mr and Mrs. Wainwright seeing off Jedd, who is going back to work. Jedd sees Bella at the window and winks at her. Jedd had already been smitten by Bella during the previous night's dinner. After Jedd is gone, Bella prepares to leave. Mrs. Wainwright gives Bella her daughter's coat and tells her that she died of rheumatic fever, 3 years ago. She asks about Bella's family and learns that she has nowhere to go. She tells her that she can stay and she will have to do her share of household work, if she chooses to stay. She also suggests she fetch leather from the factory for the shoes. Bella agrees to stay. That evening, Bella takes some shoes (a present from Arch) to Matty in order to have a sock put in them since they are large for her feet. Matty tells her that it can't be done as the shoes are cheap Yankee ones and machine made. Bella is slightly surprised on hearing that the shoes are cheap. Matty tells her that he will make her a new pair. Matty is ambitious and wants to go to London where handmade shoes fetch a lot of money. The next day, Bella leaves for Aylesburgh to fetch leather. Con secretly follows Bella and when confronted by her, asks her if she would like to come out with him sometimes. Bella tells him that she has no mind to go out with anyone. Con asks her to forget that he asked her out and leaves. One day, Jedd arrives and is received at the station by his parents and Bella. Jedd and Bella go for a walk into the woods where Jedd flirts with her and she rejects his advances tactfully. That evening, Jedd and Ben get drunk at the pub. Arch is also seen at the pub but they don't know him. Late in the evening, Arch drops off Jedd and Ben at their house and drives away before Bella could see him. Jedd continues to flirt will Bella even at the house and Con does not like it. The next day, crop harvest begins and the entire family goes to work in the fields. During the break from work in the afternoon, Jedd insists that Bella (who is sitting under a tree) is not comfortable and takes her to a more shady spot by carrying her in his hands in spite of Bella's polite protests. Jedd also forcefully offers her water and Con, who can't take it anymore, attacks Jedd with a scythe. Jedd retaliates with a rake. Mrs. Wainwright intervenes and disperses them. She also scolds Bella as she was the reason for the fight. That night, the squire arranges a dinner party for all the villagers and Bella dances with each of the brothers in turn. During Con's turn, he steps on her foot as he is not a good dancer, hurting her. They get away from the crowd and Bella asks him why he fought Jedd. He tells her that Jedd did not listen to her and continued to offer her water, which made him angry. She requests Con to watch his temper as she does not want any troubles in the family which took her in. The next day, Bella sees Jedd off at the station and also finds Arch there. She follows him to his house and learns that he is married and has a child. She returns home dejected. She decides to leave Addisford, and Mrs. Wainwright does not protest. When Con arrives home, his mother tells him that Bella is gone. He runs to the station and tries to convince Bella to stay. Bella tells him that she had been with another man and tells about the baby. Con replies that he loves her and her past does not matter. Bella returns home and Mrs. Wainwright receives her coldly. The next day, as they are sitting for breakfast, Mrs. Wainwright announces that Matty had left for London. During the breakfast, Con suddenly proposes to Bella before his parents. Ben is surprised but Mrs. Wainwright isn't. That day, Con and Bella attend a party where she runs into Arch. He tries to talk to her but she avoids him. The next day, Con takes Bella for boating in the river and there, they meet Arch again. Arch provokes Con by making fun of them and when the bullying gets worse, Con, in a fit of rage, kills Arch in spite of Bella's attempts to stop him. Both Con and Bella flee Addisford to reach Selmouth. During the night they take refuge in a deserted house far from Addisford. Con is disgusted with himself and scared. Bella comforts him and they make love. The next day, they continue on their way to Selmouth where they will be taking a boat to leave for Dublin. In Selmouth, Con notices that Bella is acquainted with a lot of men and he becomes suspicious of her. At one point, when he sees Bella taking to the captain of the boat, he has visions of the captain and Bella kissing, laughing at him and he slapping Bella hard on the face. He realizes that he can't live with Bella due to his critical mentality. He tells her that he is going to turn himself in as he can't live with the guilt (the real reason is that he can't live with Bella without hurting her) and asks her to say goodbye. Bella protests violently, but he leaves and turns himself in. On the day of his execution, when Bella comes to visit him, she runs into his family. Mrs. Wainwright tries to attack her, yelling Damn you! Damn you!!. Bella sees Con for the last time, they don't talk much, but in the end are overcome with emotion and hug each other. Bella bids goodbye to him. Con is hanged as Bella is on the train to Selmouth. In the closing scene, Bella is shown standing on the boat deck, on her way to Dublin. She touches her stomach and smiles slightly to herself which suggests that she is pregnant with Con's child.
Killer: A Journal of Murder	American	drama	Tim Metcalfe	The book details American serial killer Carl Panzrm's entire life inside the American prison system as well as the many murders he committed. Henry Lesser was a young jail guard at the Washington DC district jail when Panzram arrived for incarceration in 1928. After hearing of Panzram's harsh imprisonment, Lesser befriends him and convinces him to write a biography. 40 years after the execution of Panzram, Lesser found a writer for a book that would contain the writings of Carl Panzram and the circumstances of Panzram's many incarcerations over the course of his life. It was first published as Killer: A Journal of Murder by Thomas E. Gaddis and James O. Long (Macmillan, 1970). https://lccn.loc.gov/74129749
White Fang	American	drama	Randal Kleiser	In the late 19th Century, a young explorer named Jack Conroy arrives in Alaska from San Francisco to look for his deceased father's mining claim. Conroy meets a musher named Skunker and Alex Larson, Conroy's father's buddy, who reluctantly agrees to guide Jack to his father's claim in the Yukon. While on their journey, they are stalked by a large pack of wolves. One night, while resting at a campfire, a female wolf named Kiche manages to lure one of the sled dogs (Digger) away from the group, and another wolf appears and chases the dog into the woods. Skunker uses his ammunition to wound one wolf and gives chase to save his dog, but is killed and devoured by the rest of the pack. Later that night the wolves return but are scared off by Jack and Alex using burning branches. The following morning the wolves attack the two men, but they are saved when another sled team arrives with one of the men fatally shooting a male wolf. His pup (who is half-dog) is left to fend for himself. Jack and Alex reach a town where they plan to stay for the winter. A band of Native Americans, meanwhile, find the pup, and the chief, realizing he is not a (full) wolf from the color of his teeth, names him White Fang. As spring comes, Jack and Alex resume their quest, but stop off at the Native Americans' settlement. The chief explains that White Fang has been raised to obey, not to be friendly, but Jack seeks to change that. Jack's chance comes when he is chased and cornered by a grizzly bear. White Fang intervenes, saving Jack's life. Jack and Alex later leave the settlement. Not long after, White Fang is unfairly traded to a brutal dogfighter named Beauty Smith (who previously stole Jack's money); he blackmails the Native American for the wolfdog, saying that ownership of a wild animal is considered illegal. Smith and his gang train White Fang to be vicious in order to enter him into illegal dogfights. White Fang eventually meets his match in a brutal fight against a bulldog, but Jack happens upon the fight and intervenes in the nick of time. Having earlier reached his father's claim and begun the work of digging for gold, Jack returns with White Fang to the cabin where he seeks to transform White Fang's vicious and territorial nature. Jack's attempts to tame White Fang eventually succeed; both wolfdog and man develop a close and trusting bond. Alex helps Jack mine for gold and they strike it rich with the help of White Fang. One morning, Jack travels to the town to claim proper ownership to the gold when Luke notices White Fang with him. Seeking retaliation and planning to steal the gold, Smith and his men attack the cabin site. White Fang attacks Tinker, who accidentally discharges his gun, wounding Luke. White Fang subdues Smith until he's ordered by Jack to back down. Jack and Alex take their assailants prisoner and force them at gunpoint to haul gold ore into town. Alex and his wife offer to take Jack back to San Francisco, but he lets Jack know that city life is no place for a wolf; he must let White Fang run free in the wild. Though White Fang cannot understand why Jack is trying to leave him, Jack's efforts by using a stick (which White Fang hated/feared when he was under Smith) finally succeed in scaring the wolfdog off. Later, just as he's boarding the ship back to San Francisco, Jack realizes that his rightful place is in the Yukon and he decides to stay behind alone and live off the land; Alex congratulates him by saying that it is what Jack's father would have wanted. After a short time, White Fang returns to the cabin site where he and Jack are happily reunited.[3]
Trainspotting	British	drama	Danny Boyle	Edinburgh heroin addict Mark Renton buys opium suppositories from dealer Mikey Forrester to help him quit. After his final hit, and a violent spell of diarrhea caused by cessation of heroin, he locks himself in his flat to endure the withdrawal period. Finding that his sex drive has returned, he leaves a club with a girl, Diane, and they have sex in her bedroom. In the morning, he realises that Diane is underage and that her flatmates are her parents. Diane threatens to reveal the encounter if he ends the relationship. Renton and his friends, oafish but good-natured Spud and con artist Sick Boy, start using heroin again. His friend Tommy, a clean-cut athlete whose girlfriend has dumped him after a chain of events initiated by Renton, also begins using. Fellow addict Allison discovers that her infant daughter Dawn has died without the group noticing; all are horrified, especially Sick Boy, Dawn's father. Renton and Spud are arrested for shoplifting. Spud goes to prison, but Renton avoids punishment by entering a drug interventions programme, where he is given methadone. Despite support from his family, Renton is desperate for a more substantial high and escapes to his drug dealer's flat. He nearly dies of an overdose, and his dealer sends him to hospital in a taxicab. Renton's parents lock him in his childhood bedroom to force him through withdrawal. Renton has hallucinations of Diane singing, his friends giving him advice, Dawn crawling on the ceiling, and a TV game show in which presenter Dale Winton asks Renton's parents questions about HIV. At the insistence of his parents, Renton has an HIV/AIDS test; despite years of sharing syringes, Renton tests negative. Depressed, he visits Tommy, who has succumbed to addiction and is now HIV positive and severely ill. Renton moves to London and takes a job as a property letting agent. He begins to enjoy his new life of sobriety, and saves money while corresponding with Diane. However, to his annoyance, Renton's sociopathic friend Begbie, who has committed armed robbery, and Sick Boy, now a pimp and drug dealer, move into Renton's bedsit unannounced. After Tommy dies from AIDS-related toxoplasmosis, the three travel back to Scotland to attend his funeral. They meet Spud, who has been released from prison. Sick Boy suggests a lucrative heroin transaction, but needs Renton to supply half of the initial £4,000. Renton injects himself with a sample to test the heroin's purity and the four sell the heroin to a dealer in London for £16,000. During their celebration at a pub, Renton secretly suggests to Spud that they steal the money, but Spud is too scared of Begbie to consider it. Renton tires of Begbie after witnessing him glass and beat a man whom he bumped into. Early in the morning, as the others sleep, Renton takes the money. Spud sees Renton leave, but remains silent. When Begbie awakens, he destroys the hotel room in a rage. Spud and Sick Boy leave when the police arrive. Renton reiterates his vow to live a stable, traditional life and leaves Spud £4,000.
The Woman's Angle	British	drama	Leslie Arliss	Story of three love affairs of man who belongs to celebrated family of musicians, culminating in divorce and his final discovery of happiness.[2]
Al-Malak al-Zalem (The Unjust Angel)	Egyptian	drama	Hassan Al Imam	Nadia's (Faten Hamama) father is prisoned for a murder crime he didn't commit. His lawyer fails to get him out of jail, and decides to raise his daughter. Years later, after Nadia has finished her school education, she enters college, where she is assigned to do a research on prisoners and their social effect. In prison, she meets a prisoner who claims to be her father. At first she doesn't believe him, but after checking his documents and ID, she discovers that he's not lying, that he is actually her real father. She, with the help of her fiancé, played by Kamal Al-Shennawi, seek to free him and prove his innocence. Through their research and after obtaining evidence from old newspapers, they discover that the murderer was not the father, but instead another man (Mahmoud El-Meliguy), who has conspired against the father. In court, the father is proved to be innocent, and the true murderer is jailed. Nadia then marries her love.
Sayyidat al-Qasr (Lady of the Castle)	Egyptian	drama	Kamal El Sheikh	Faten Hamama plays Sawsan, a middle-class orphan who meets Adel (Omar Sharif), a rich man, at an auction hall. He tries to approach her but she refuses him. As a result, he eventually marries her. His playboy friends, Shafeek and Malak (among others), feel uncomfortable with Sawsan being around, as she condemns the style of life that they lead, and therefore Adel orders her to stay at home. While staying alone at home, Sawsan works on some land Adel owns, with the help of one of Adel's old friends, Mustafa (Omar El-Hariri). Adel's playboy friends try to destroy Adel's marriage by telling him that Sawsan is having an affair with his friend, Mustafa. Adel's friends try to exploit Adel for his fortunes and convince him to sell his land. Mustafa talks to Adel and convinces him not to sell his land to his exploiter friends. Adel realizes his mistake, expels his friends, and returns to his wife.[1][2]
Sira' fi al-Nil (Struggle on the Nile)	Egyptian	drama	Atef Salem	Omar Sharif plays Muhassab, headman Gad's son who goes with Mayor Migahed (Rushdy Abaza) to buy an expensive scow in Luxor, but the thieves become aware of this purchase and decide to steal the money.
Aadmi	Bollywood	drama	A. Bhim Singh	Rajesh (Dilip Kumar) is orphaned at a very young age and comes from a very wealthy and noble family, but is very insecure. His childhood sweetheart Meena tragically dies and Rajesh substitutes her with a doll. When he finds that another young boy has touched the doll, he starts a fight with him, and ends up murdering him. Years later, Rajesh, now a grown man, still has the doll in his closet and he has now fallen in love with a woman named Meena (Waheeda Rehman). He becomes engaged to her after the approval of his best friend, Dr. Shekhar (Manoj Kumar). However, Rajesh and Meena have an automobile accident, in which Rajesh becomes paralysed and becomes confined to a wheelchair. It is then that Rajesh finds out that Shekhar and Meena are having an affair. His old murderous and possessive hatred surfaces again and his best friend Shekhar's life is in danger.[2]
Revenge	American	drama	Tony Scott	Michael J. Jay Cochran is a retiring United States Naval Aviator who, after 12 years in the service, wants to relax and live one day at a time. He goes to Mexico, accepting a matched pair of Beretta shotguns and an invitation from his wealthy friend Tiburon Tibey Mendez to spend time at his hacienda in Mexico. Tibey is a powerful crime boss, constantly surrounded by bodyguards. While trying to find the hacienda, Cochran meets a beautiful young woman riding a horse. She is Tibey's wife, Miryea, who lives in lavish surroundings but is unhappy because her much-older husband does not want children, feeling pregnancy would spoil her looks. Jay is a welcome guest and presents his friend with a Navy G-1 leather flight jacket. But he rubs Tibey's suspicious right-hand man Cesar the wrong way by behaving independently and not acting like an employee. After a dinner Tibey conducts a private meeting with business associates while Miryea gets acquainted with Jay. She becomes attracted to him. The next day they share a private walk on the beach. During a party, with Tibey and his men nearby, Jay and Miryea secretly have sex. Tension grows, as Jay is worried that Tibey will become aware of the situation. Miryea begs Jay not to leave. They arrange a secret rendezvous, Miryea pretending that she will be visiting a friend in Miami when she actually is going to accompany Jay to a remote cabin. Cesar overhears a conversation in which Miryea asks her Miami friend to lie for her. Tibey visits Jay and invites him on a trip to the Beretta factory to custom-fit his new guns, but Jay declines. Tibey tells his friend goodbye. At the airport, Tibey also gives Miryea one last kiss. Jay is secretly waiting to drive her to the cabin. At their hideaway, they are surprised by Tibey and his men. Jay's beloved dog is shot dead. Calling Miryea a faithless whore, Tibey strikes her and cuts her across the mouth with a knife, as Tibey's henchmen viciously beat and kick Jay. After setting fire to the cabin, they dump Jay in the desert, and leave him to die. Miryea is placed in a whorehouse, where she is drugged, abused, and relegated to common use. The young man responsible for keeping her drugged has AIDS. As Miryea no longer wishes to live the life of a common prostitute, she persuades him to share a needle with her, thus infecting her. Jay's unconscious body is discovered by a Mexican Good Samaritan, who slowly nurses him back to health. He returns to the burnt cabin and retrieves some money he had stashed away. His rescuer drives Jay to town and gives him a knife to cut the balls off your enemy. He encounters a Texan delivering a horse, who offers Jay a ride in his car. Inside a cantina, Jay notices one of the thugs who had thrashed him; he follows him into the men's room and cuts his throat. After a day on the road, the Texan, clearly ill, trades his horse to a wealthy man, who recognizes Jay from an afternoon at Tibey's estate. The friendly Texan dies in his car, apparently of tuberculosis. At a motel, Jay runs across Amador, the brother-in-law of the Mexican Good Samaritan who had saved his life. Amador and his quiet friend, Ignacio, have their own issues with Tibey Mendez and are willing to help. They capture another of Tibey's henchmen, who tells them where Miryea can be found. Jay barges into the brothel to rescue her, only to find that she has been moved. No one but Tibey knows where she is. Jay, Amador, and Ignacio ambush Tibey and his bodyguard on a trail. Jay is here for revenge, but first Tibey requests that Jay ask forgiveness for having stolen his wife. Miryea is in a convent hospice, dying of AIDS. Jay arrives in time to tell Miryea that he loves her. He then carries her outside, Miryea then tells Jay that she loves him; moments before she dies in his arms.
Passion Fish	American	drama	John Sayles	May-Alice Culhane, a New York daytime soap opera actress, is left paralyzed after an accident on her way to getting her legs waxed, which she finds ironic. As the film opens, she lies in a hospital bed, confused and scared, watching her own show on TV and shrieking, That was supposed to be my close-up! With no other options, she returns to her family's old and empty home in Louisiana, where she drinks hard, offends every caregiver and wallows in self-pity. Her outlook begins to change with the arrival of Chantelle, a nurse with her own life problems. The two gradually find a heartfelt connection with each other, and as a result, their lives subtly change.
Glengarry Glen Ross	American	drama	James Foley	The film depicts two days in the lives of four real estate salesmen who are supplied with leads: the names and phone numbers of prospects; they use deceitful and dubious tactics to make sales. Many of the leads rationed out by the office manager lack either the money or the desire to actually invest in land. Blake (Baldwin) is sent by Mitch and Murray, the owners of Premiere Properties, to motivate the sales team. Blake unleashes a torrent of verbal abuse on the salesmen and announces that only the top two will be allowed access to the more promising Glengarry leads and the rest of them will be fired. Shelley The Machine Levene (Lemmon), a once powerful and successful salesman, now in a long-running slump and with a chronically ill daughter in the hospital with an unknown medical condition, knows that he will lose his job soon if he cannot generate sales. He tries to persuade office manager John Williamson (Spacey) to give him some of the Glengarry leads, but Williamson refuses. Levene tries first to charm Williamson, then to threaten him, and finally to bribe him. Williamson is willing to sell some of the prime leads, but demands cash in advance. Levene cannot come up with the cash and leaves without better leads. Meanwhile, Dave Moss (Harris) and George Aaronow (Arkin) complain about Mitch and Murray, and Moss proposes that they strike back at the two by stealing all the Glengarry leads and selling them to a competing real estate agency. Moss's plan requires Aaronow to break into the office, stage a burglary and steal all of the prime leads. Aaronow wants no part of the plan, but Moss tries to coerce him, saying that Aaronow is already an accessory before the fact simply because he knows about the proposed burglary. At a nearby bar, Ricky Roma (Pacino), the office's top closer, delivers a long, disjointed but compelling monologue to a meek, middle-aged man named James Lingk (Pryce). Roma does not broach the subject of a Glengarry Farms real estate deal until he has completely won Lingk over with his speech. Framing it as an opportunity rather than a purchase, Roma plays upon Lingk's feelings of insecurity. The next day, when the salesmen come into the office, they learn that there has been a burglary and the Glengarry leads have been stolen. Williamson and the police question each of the salesmen in private. After his interrogation, Moss leaves in disgust, only after having one last shouting match with Roma. During the cycle of interrogations, Lingk arrives to tell Roma that his wife has told him to cancel the deal. Scrambling to salvage the deal, Roma tries to deceive Lingk by telling him that the check he wrote the night before has yet to be cashed, and that accordingly he has time to reason with his wife and reconsider. Levene abets Roma by pretending to be a wealthy investor who just happens to be on his way to the airport. Williamson, unaware of Roma and Levene's stalling tactic, lies to Lingk, claiming that he already deposited his check in the bank. Upset, Lingk rushes out of the office, and Roma berates Williamson for what he has done. Roma then enters Williamson's office to take his turn at being interrogated by the police. Levene, proud of a massive sale he made that morning, takes the opportunity to mock Williamson in private. In his zeal to get back at Williamson, Levene accidentally reveals that he knows Williamson lied to Roma minutes earlier about depositing Lingk's check and had left the check on his desk and had not made the bank run the previous night — something only a man who broke into the office would know. Williamson catches Levene's slip of the tongue and compels Levene to admit that he broke into the office. Levene finally caves in and admits that he and Moss conspired to steal the leads. Levene attempts to bribe Williamson to keep quiet about the burglary. Williamson scoffs at the suggestion and tells Levene that the buyers to whom he had made his sale earlier that day are in fact bankrupt and delusional and just enjoy talking to salesmen. Levene, crushed by this revelation, asks Williamson why he seeks to ruin him. Williamson coldly responds, Because I don't like you. Levene makes a last-ditch attempt at gaining sympathy from Williamson by mentioning his daughter's health, but Williamson cruelly rebuffs him and leaves to inform the detective about Levene's part in the burglary. Williamson walks out of the room as Roma enters. Unaware, Roma talks to Levene about their forming a business partnership. The detective calls for Levene, who walks into Williamson's office. Roma leaves the office to go for lunch. Aaronow returns to his desk to make his sales calls.
Diggstown	American	drama	Michael Ritchie	Gabriel Caine (James Woods), a con man, is released from prison in Winfield, Georgia and immediately gets to work on his next scam. Caine and his partner, Fitz (Oliver Platt), travel to a small town not far from the prison: Diggstown, a city obsessed with boxing. A mean-spirited man named John Gillon (Bruce Dern) owns almost all of Diggstown. He is feared by many but also respected because he was the former manager of Diggstown’s pride and joy, the once-famous boxer Charles Macom Diggs, the man for whom the town is named. Upon hearing a remark that Diggs once knocked out five fighters in one day, Fitz “drunkenly” says he knows of a fighter who could knock out any 10 in one day: Honey Roy Palmer. Gillon tries to take advantage of the situation and bets Fitz $100,000 that no one man can best ten Diggstown boxers in one day. Caine quickly volunteers to finance Fitz's bet and the con is on. Caine seeks out an old buddy, Palmer (Louis Gossett Jr.), who is now a 48-year-old YMCA supervisor. After some initial reluctance, Palmer agrees to participate and starts to train for the fight. Caine and Gillon agree to various conditions of the bet, with “one day” being 24 full hours and “Diggstown fighters” being able to come from any surrounding area of Olivair County. A loan shark backs Caine's bet, with the understanding that his health and welfare will be riding on the outcome. Caine discovers that Gillon’s treachery (and his bank account) goes deeper than Diggstown people know. As his manager, Gillon drugged Diggs during a fight so that Gillon could collect on the opponent’s long odds. Diggs suffered irreversible brain damage as a result. With help from his prison buddy Wolf's sister (Heather Graham), it is learned that Gillon has more than $1.5 million in assets. Caine tricks him into risking all of it. Now it is up to Honey Roy Palmer to defeat all 10 of Diggstown's men. They begin with: Palmer is enraged. His next fight is with Sonny Hawkins, who is easily dispatched. Robby Gillon, the son of John Gillon, approaches the ring next, but then backs out under instructions from his father. His cowardice is regarded as a forfeit. Frank Mangrum officially loses to disqualification after kicking Palmer in the groin, then hitting the referee then gets knocked out by Palmer. Tank Miller, a gargantuan fighter, is next. He puts up a good fight, but a tiring Palmer eventually beats him. That brings up Diggstown's best man, Hammerhead Hagan, the only fighter ever to actually beat Palmer during their professional careers. He is brought in as a surprise ringer. Gillon moved him in as a county resident just before the bet rules were established, meaning that Hagan can legally fight. The bout is one-sided. Palmer looks done for, but he gets new motivation after seeing Diggs, who is sitting courtside, move his hand slightly (which he interprets as a show of support). Caine, not wanting to see his friend die, attempts to throw in the towel, but Palmer catches it and throws it back. Palmer rallies to knock out his opponent. Palmer, Caine and Fitz begin their celebration of this miraculous feat. They are cut short by Gillon, who notes that his son never entered the ring -– therefore, only nine fights have transpired. The true tenth fighter is then introduced: Minoso Torres, a tough-as-nails boxer who ruled the boxing underground in the prison from which Caine was recently released. No one has ever defeated him. Gillon admonishes Caine with: Never try to hustle a hustler. An exhausted Palmer is no match for Torres. But just when all looks lost, Caine whistles at Torres, gets his attention, straightens his tie and does a thumbs-down gesture (copying a move Gillon did earlier). Torres drops his gloves and invites Palmer to hit him, hitting the canvas, knocked out. Caine was expecting such a trick from Gillon and bribed Torres long ago for a moment like this. Gillon has lost everything, leading Caine to correct him with an admonishment: Actually, I believe it goes: Never con a con-man, especially one who's better than you are. Calm at first, he snaps and pulls a gun. His son, Robby, tries to intervene and Gillon smacks him. Palmer then grabs Gillon and prepares to deck him. Instead, he turns to Hambone, claiming, My hands hurt. Hambone gladly obliges and delivers Gillon a powerful knockout blow. Caine congratulates Palmer: What you did, he says, couldn't be done. To which Palmer replies, Now, you motivate me.
I Love You	Chinese	drama	Zhang Yuan	Du Xiaoju (Xu Jinglei) and Wang Yi (Tong Dawei) are two people in their 20s living in contemporary Beijing. As the film opens, Xiaoju is about to marry one of Yi's friends. Before the day of the wedding, her fiancé inadvertently commits suicide by diving into an empty swimming pool while drunk. Devastated, Xiaoju becomes increasingly close to Wang Yi, which causes them to fall in love and marry. The honeymoon period between Xiaoju and Yi proves short, however, as Xiaoju begins to exhibit increasingly unbalanced behavior. She teases her husband about harboring a crush on her former roommate (Pan Juan), and interrogates him on his former partners. Soon, the teasing erupts into public rows, much to the consternation of their friend, Pan Youjun (Du Peng). As Xiaoju becomes convinced that her husband no longer loves her, her behavior become erratic, obsessive, and ultimately dangerous.
Lord Camber's Ladies	British	drama	Benn W. Levy	An aristocrat marries a singer, but then tries to murder her when he falls in love with another woman.
Jwala Daku	Bollywood	drama	R. P. Swamy	Ravi, a medical student, has come back to his village after the completion of his studies in Bombay. He would like to start a practice there but Ravi discovers that his family is in total chaos. A dreaded dacoit named Jwala Daku is hounding Ravi's brother Bankey in a personal vendetta. Now Ravi has to either face the dacoit or return to Bombay.
When You Remember Me	American	drama	Harry Winer	Mike Mills is a teen with muscular dystrophy, whose destitute single mother placed him in a state nursing home, where he contends with being a young person in the clinic and with an abusive head nurse, while Wade Blank started ADAPT, a grassroots national disability rights group in Denver in the 1980s.
A`isha	Egyptian	drama	Gamal Madkoor	A rich man meets a poor woman, A`isha, who sells lottery tickets in the streets. He is shocked at how her appearance resembles that of his recently deceased daughter. The rich man offers to pay her father a monthly fee to adopt her. The father accepts, and after finding out how attached the rich man is to A'isha, the father tries to blackmail him for more money. The police find out and jail the father. Released from jail the father finds that A'isha has completed her studies. He demands a large amount of money from the rich man, but when he refuses to do so, the father takes her by force. The film ends as A`isha returns to her stepfather and marries her love, Dr. Sami.
Rosencrantz & Guildenstern Are Dead	American	drama	Tom Stoppard	The film, like the play, focuses on Rosencrantz and Guildenstern and their actions (or lack thereof) within the play of Hamlet. The film begins as they travel on horseback to Elsinore, contemplating fate, memory and language. Rosencrantz finds and continually flips a coin which always comes up heads, causing Guildenstern to conclude that something is wrong with reality. They meet a travelling troupe of tragedians on the way, and during their conversation with the lead Player, they are mysteriously transported into the action of Hamlet at Elsinore. They wander around the castle, trying to catch up to the action and understand what is going on by listening to other parts of the play. They are asked by the Danish royal couple to stay awhile in order to help find out the cause of, and hopefully cure, Prince Hamlet's gloomy state. They spend their time outside the scenes in Hamlet trying to figure out what is wrong with the prince and what is required of them. The remainder of the play follows the Shakespearean drama whenever the two characters are on stage, while the title heroes remain largely occupied with the futile hazards of daily life whenever the main action is elsewhere. Soon the very same theatre troupe arrives to perform at court, as part of the Bard's tragedy. The Player simultaneously castigates them for abandoning their real play on the road, which cannot exist without an audience, and explains some of the plot and logic of conventional rules of plot-staging and -writing. Ultimately, they are sent to England and outside the action of the play again. The final part takes place on the ship to England, where they read the letter they are to deliver with Hamlet – discovering that it is an order for his death. They decide to pretend they never saw it. Hamlet replaces the letter, and (as described in Shakespeare's play) escapes on an attacking pirate ship. Rosencrantz and Guildenstern worry about what they are to do now that Hamlet is gone, unaware that Hamlet has altered the letter so that it calls for their death rather than his own. The Player finishes the action by reading the letter that sentences them to death. Guildenstern, still trying to struggle against destiny, stabs The Player with The Player's own dagger, only to find that the weapon is a theatrical prop. Scenes of the deaths of Ophelia, Laertes, Gertrude, Claudius and Hamlet are shown, and both Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, finally accepting their fate, are hanged. The film ends with the tragedians packing up their cart and continuing on their way.
Stealing Heaven	British	drama	Clive Donner	Abelard is a famous teacher of philosophy at the cathedral school of Notre Dame, and a champion of reason, at a time when academics are required to observe chastity. He falls in love with one of his students, Héloïse d'Argenteuil, a sixteen-year-old gentlewoman raised in a convent, who has both intellectual curiosity and a rebellious view of the low status of women in 12th century Europe. When the relationship is suspected, Heloise's uncle Fulbert, who had other plans for her marriage, works with the bishop of Paris to put a stop to it.[1] Nevertheless, Abelard and Heloise have a child together and later are secretly married. Abelard faces a struggle with himself for acting against the will of God and yet loves Heloise too. Her uncle takes a terrible revenge on Abelard for ruining Heloise's chance of a rich husband.[2]
Goynar Baksho	Bengali	drama	Aparna Sen	The film revolved around women of three generations and their lives and changing position in society. And this is shown in relation to a jewellery box.[1] The lead character is the matriarch of a Bengali Hindu family (Moushumi Chatterjee) of landed gentry in East Bengal. She was married off in an arranged marriage at age 11, and widowed shortly thereafter. The story of the film revolves around her wedding jewels, which she keeps sequestered in a box. After becoming a victim of ethnic cleansing during the partition of India, her family moves to the Republic of India from East Pakistan, losing their ancestral lands in the process. She spends the remainder of her life, apparently as a chaste widow, hiding her wedding jewels from her greedy relatives in the joint family. In 1949, she befriends the new bride of the family, her niece-in-law (Konkona Sen Sharma) shortly before dying. The niece-in-law is visited by the spirit of the matriarch, who demands that she hide the jewelry box from her greedy relatives. Over the years, the family descends into poverty, losing money in judicial proceedings over family property disputes, while the niece in law, regularly monitored by the spirit of the matriarch, keeps the jewels hidden. Eventually, the spirit of the matriarch allows the niece-in-law to pawn some of the jewels so that her husband (Saswata Chatterjee) can set up a business, over the objections of the family, selling saris . The prosperity of the business allows her to buy the jewels back, completing the hidden collection. The niece-in-law discovers that her husband is having an extramarital affair, and complains to the ghost of the matriarch. The ghost of the matriarch regales her with a story of a torrid sexual liaison that she had with a labourer when she was alive and young, and encourages the niece in law to take on a lover of her own. The niece-in-law at first falls in love with the secret lover but later she returns to her husband and gives birth to a girl. The ghost failing to succeed in her endeavor of uniting the niece in law and her lover abandons the niece in law and begins to visit her daughter, the ghost's grandniece instead. The final part of the film revolves around the daughter as she grows up (Srabanti Chatterjee) and becomes a modern Bengali Indian woman; going to college, driving, and becoming involved in politics. The film approaches the year 1971, when the Bangladesh Liberation War breaks out in East Pakistan. Bengalis in East Pakistan demand political, cultural and linguistic freedom from the intense and brutal oppression of Pakistan, and rebel against West Pakistan. The daughter's lover regularly crosses the border over to East Pakistan to aid the Mukti Bahini rebels in their struggle for freedom. The 1971 Bangladesh genocide becomes a backdrop of the film, and one of the rebels is murdered by a Pakistani death squad, following which the ghost of the matriarch advises the daughter to donate the jewels to the cause of the Mukti Bahini.
The Belly of an Architect	British	drama	Peter Greenaway	The American architect Stourley Kracklite has been commissioned to construct an exhibition in Rome dedicated to the architecture of Étienne-Louis Boullée. Doubts arise among his Italian colleagues about the legitimacy of Boullée among the pantheon of famed architects, perhaps because Boullée was an inspiration for Adolf Hitler's architect Albert Speer. Tirelessly dedicated to the project, Kracklite's marriage deteriorates, along with his health. His social and physical decline corresponds to the decline of his idol Boullée, who until the 20th century was hardly known. Kracklite becomes obsessed with the historical Caesar Augustus after hearing that Livia, his wife, supposedly poisoned him. Kracklite assumes that his own wife, Louisa, is trying to do the same because he is suffering increasing stomach pains. She informs him that she is pregnant, and is sexually involved with the younger co-organiser of the exhibition. He discovers that he has a stomach cancer and has not long to live. The film ends at opening ceremony, which Kracklite watches from a higher vantage point. Louisa gives birth to their child, and Kracklite jumps to his death.
The Passing of the Third Floor Back	British	drama	Berthold Viertel	The film focuses on a run-down boarding house in London, home to an assorted group of residents. Many of them cling precariously to their social positions with only one figure, the wealthy self-made businessman Mr Wright, being truly successful. The house is owned by the grasping Mrs Sharpe, who mistreats the maid, Stasia, a rehabilitated juvenile delinquent. The various members of the household are miserable and openly sneering and rude towards each other, the one exception being the respect shown by all to the powerful Mr Wright. In the case of one couple, Major Tomkin and his wife, this involves pressuring their daughter Vivian to marry Wright in spite of her obvious horror at the idea. The house's familiar routine is thrown off-balance by the sudden arrival of a mysterious foreign stranger, (secretly an angel) earns the respect of the others in the house, especially that of Stasia. He takes a room on the third floor back and joins the residents for the dinner supposedly held in celebration of the marriage between Wright and Vivian. It becomes evident that she doesn't want to marry Wright, as she is in love with one of the other lodgers, and she storms out of the room. The desperate Major later tries to convince Wright that it is a misunderstanding and that the engagement is still on, as he and his wife are terrified by the loss of security if the marriage is broken off. The stranger observes the meanness shown by the other members of the house, and gently encourages them to treat each other better and to pursue their dreams rather than live in fear about their precarious social position. This gradually begins to work with some of the house's members convinced by his charisma. One bank holiday, the stranger announces that he will treat them all to a trip on a boat to Margate, surprising the more snobbish residents by insisting that the servants, including Stasia, will join them. Despite the initial awkwardness, the outing soon begins to go well. When Stasia falls in the River Thames, one of the women jumps in to save her life. Once she is rescued, she is looked after by the Tomkins, who treat her as though she were their daughter, and also begin to regret their bullying of their own daughter into a marriage with Wright. During the trip various members of the house begin to enjoy themselves and treat each other with more respect. This change in their situation earns Wright's resentment, and he begins to spitefully plan to wreck the stranger's attempts to reform the guests. This becomes apparent when the next day the inhabitants return to their previous unhappy existence and resume fighting. Wright taunts the stranger by demonstrating how easily he has corrupted them through the simple power of his money. The stranger tries to convince Wright that he too should try to seek a better and happier life, but Wright rejects this suggestion. Their dispute develops into a moral battle between the stranger's goodness and Wright's evil.
The Greengage Summer	British	drama	Lewis Gilbert	Joss Grey (Susannah York), a 16-year-old English girl, finds herself responsible for the care of her three younger siblings on a summer vacation in France when their mother is suddenly taken ill and rushed to the hospital. When they go to the Hotel Oeillets, proprietress Mademoiselle Zisi (Danielle Darrieux) does not want the responsibility of unchaperoned children, but her enigmatic English lover Eliot (Kenneth More) persuades her to accept them. As the days pass, she wishes she had stuck to her original answer; she is increasingly jealous of the attention Eliot pays to the children—especially to Joss. Meanwhile, hotel employee Paul (David Saire), becomes suspicious of Eliot, snoops in his room, and finds a pistol. Eliot catches Paul and gets Zisi to fire him, but Joss's 13-year-old sister Hester (Jane Asher) has taken a liking to Paul and begs Joss to get Eliot to reconsider, which he does. But later he becomes angry when shutterbug Hester takes his picture. Then he rushes out of a tour of caves where champagne is stored to avoid famous guest Monsieur Renard (Raymond Gérôme), the best policeman in France. He also insists on turning away potential guests. Tensions come to a boiling point when Zisi throws a glass of champagne in her rival's face. Eliot chases after her, saying—within Joss's hearing—that she is only a child. Gleaning from a newspaper article that Eliot is a notorious jewel thief, the outraged Joss mails Hester's photo of him to the police. Eliot has already decided to leave. He sneaks out late at night but, hearing a drunken Paul attack Joss, rushes up to her room. He punches Paul, who tries to climb down a drainpipe but falls to his death. A remorseful Joss tells Eliot what she did to endanger him. At her request he gives her a grownup kiss. Then he disposes of Paul's body and absconds. While Renard is questioning the uncooperative children the next morning, their solicitor uncle, Mr. Bullock (Maurice Denham), arrives. He has been summoned by an unsigned telegram to extricate them. From the source of the message, Renard realizes that Eliot is trying to escape across the border on a river barge.
The King's Cup	British	drama	Herbert Wilcox, Alan Cobham	A pilot who has lost his nerve following an accident regains it after meeting a woman and goes on to win a major air race.
The Spaniard's Curse	British	drama	Ralph Kemplen	Guy Stevenson (Basil Dignam) is a British man of Spanish heritage wrongly convicted of murder. On being given the death sentence, he places a curse on the judge (Michael Hordern) and jury. Two of the jurors then die mysteriously, and suspicion falls on Stevenson, but he himself also dies. The judge and his daughter Margaret attempt to solve the mystery and uncover the real killer.
The Boys Next Door	American	drama	John Erman	Four intellectually disabled men share a house and are looked after by Jack (Tony Goldwyn), their social worker. The four men try to make sense of a mixed-up world, dealing with everything from runaway rodents to helping Norman (Nathan Lane), who has a new girlfriend (Mare Winningham). Jack's life with his wife is put on hold, and he feels it's time to let them go.
Judgment Deferred	British	drama	John Baxter	With the assistance of a journalist a group of refugees and down and outs try and unmask the criminal who has framed one of their number as a drug dealer.
Rain Without Thunder	American	drama	Gary Bennet	Allison Goldring, an upper-class, white college student, becomes pregnant with her boyfriend Jeremy Tanner (Steve Zahn). After discussing her options with both Tanner and her family, she makes the decision to travel abroad to terminate the pregnancy, as abortion is prosecuted as fetal murder in the United States. According to Allison and her mother Beverley, everyone – including Tanner – supported her decision. Tanner later denies this, though the film makes his denial seem improbable. Allison's father and grandmother are interviewed and openly support both Allison and Beverly. Allison's father says that he originally intended to go along with them and that the choice to prosecute Beverly is arbitrary; ultimately, Beverly is perceived to have a greater influence on Allison. Later interviews give further background on the society: civil liberties are slowly and methodically curtailed over time in order fight hypercrime. In the early twenty-first century, restrictions on warrants are loosened, and several states pass laws criminalizing abortion. At first, only abortionists are targeted by the laws, and complacent feminists dismiss the idea that the situation will get worse. When the Roman Catholic Church accepts barrier contraception, feminism becomes further weakened, and a wave of pro-life legislation is passed, culminating in a new amendment to the United States Constitution that defines personhood at conception. Following that, laws are enacted that target women seeking abortions, and feminism becomes not only politically incorrect but also subject to historical revisionism that denies its impact. The state of New York has recently passed a law that classifies going abroad to seek a termination as fetal kidnapping. Beverly admits to being aware of the change but assumed it would be some time before it would be enforced. It is not clear how aware Allison and Jeremy were of the legal change. The law is a reaction to a lawsuit aimed at overturning fetal murder statutes because they are enforced almost exclusively against poor minority women. Examples of such women are interviewed at Walker Point (Ming-Na and Bahni Turpin). One had used some abortifacient called a baby bomb. She was arrested as she bled out after improperly administering the drug. The other was initially arrested on suspicion of having a termination, but is convicted of using an IUD, which is also illegal. Her descriptions of how she obtained the uudee suggest that she was also in a potentially dangerous medical situation. African American district attorney Andrea Murdoch (Iona Morris) discovers what the Goldrings have done and prosecutes them under the new law, in large part because they are exactly the type of women targeted by the law. The criminal procedures show that doctor-patient confidentiality is no longer guaranteed. Murdoch's motivations are questioned by Jonathan Garson (Jeff Daniels), the Goldrings' attorney, who suggests she is seeking higher office, although he doesn't question her ethics. Murdoch's own statements suggest that she is angered by the racial and class disparities in enforcement, but she does not question the propriety of fetal murder law. During the trial, Allison decides to take the stand and confesses to what she did. She does not express remorse at the time nor does she express any regret later. She says that she felt relieved to get everything out. Beverly and Garson are frustrated by her decision, since it condemns both Allison and Beverly to prison. At the end of the film, the Swedish clinic checks their pathology reports on Allison and determines that the fetus had been dead for almost three weeks prior to the procedure. The Goldrings are released, but Murdoch declares her intention to prosecute them on attempted fetal kidnapping, on the grounds that they had intended to commit the crime even if they had not been able to commit it.
Sapphire	British	drama	Basil Dearden	The body of a pregnant young woman is found stabbed on Hampstead Heath. Although she appears to be white, when her brother (Earl Cameron) arrives at the police station to give evidence, the investigating police officers see that he is black. He confirms that he and Sapphire were both the children of a white father and a black mother, but Sapphire has recently been passing for white.[5] Sapphire's white boyfriend, a student, immediately becomes the chief suspect, but, as the investigation proceeds, other aspects of Sapphire's life in London bring to light other possible suspects.
Blind Mountain	Chinese	drama	Li Yang	Blind Mountain follows a young woman, Bai Xuemei, in the early 1990s who recently graduated from college and attempts to find work to help pay for her brother's education. In the process, she is drugged, kidnapped and sold as a bride to a villager in the Qin Mountains of China's Shaanxi province. Trapped in the fiercely traditional town, the young woman finds that her avenues of escape are all blocked. As she searches for allies, including a boy, a school teacher and a mailman, she suffers from being raped by her husband and continued beatings at the hands of the villagers, her husband, and her husbands' parents.
The Citadel	British	drama	King Vidor	Dr. Andrew Manson (Robert Donat) is an idealistic newly qualified Scottish doctor dedicated to treating the Welsh miners suffering from tuberculosis in the Welsh mining village of Blaenely and is an apprentice to Dr. Page (Basil Gill). Initially, he has many lofty scientific goals, but meets local resistance in his research. After his laboratory and notes are destroyed by the miners, he moves to London, taking working class patients in impoverished conditions. There, his purpose erodes when a chance encounter with a medical school friend, Dr. Frederick Lawford (Rex Harrison) leads to his quiet seduction by an unethical medical establishment, treating rich hypochondriacs. Christine (Rosalind Russell), his wife tries to set him back on the original path. Dr. Philip Denny (Ralph Richardson), Manson's best friend and still working for improved working class health, dies at the hands of an incompetent, social-climbing surgeon.
Lease of Life	British	drama	Charles Frend	William Thorne (Robert Donat) is the vicar of the village of Hinton St. John, living with wife Vera (Kay Walsh) and daughter Susan (Adrienne Corri), an exceptionally gifted pianist. Although the focus of the local community, the Thornes live a life of having to struggle and scrimp to make ends meet financially. Vera is a typical clergy wife, having to sublimate her own needs and desires to the exigencies of her husband's career, as a result tending to live life vicariously through her daughter, whose musical gifts she is determined must not be wasted. On discovering that he has less than a year to live, Thorne reevaluates his own life and his parishioners and he finds himself happier than before, as he now feels able to speak completely honestly about his beliefs and does his best to demonstrate to his parishioners that religion is not a matter of unthinking adherence to a fixed set of rules, but of freedom to act according to one's conscience. However some of his pronouncements are willfully misunderstood and deemed provocative and controversial. There also remains the worry about how to secure the necessary funds to pay for Susan's tuition at a music college, and fate happens to put temptation in the way.
Winter People	American	drama	Ted Kotcheff	Into a small, poor Appalachian Mountains community in the Great Depression era arrive a young widower, Wayland Jackson, a clockmaker, and his 12-year-old daughter. Wayland becomes respectfully acquainted with Collie Wright, a single mother of a newborn child, Jonathan. As he becomes more familiar to the villagers, Wayland tries to persuade them that he could build a beautiful clock for the public square. His proposal is met with considerable skepticism before he is given the town's consent. He is attracted to Collie, but his life and hers are threatened by family members from the Wright family's rival clan, the Campbells, led by patriarch Drury. The youngest son, Cole, is the father of Collie's baby. Cole wanted to run away with Collie but ultimately left her out of fear of Drury's wrath. One night, Cole Campbell arrives in Collie's cabin, and goes into a violent rage once he learns of Collie and Wayland's relationship. Wayland and Cole get into a fistfight in the frozen pond near the cabin. Cole is found dead the next morning, whereupon his relatives demand that Collie now owes them a life and therefore must give them the child. Not wanting the Campbells to kill Wayland instead, Collie accepts. Wayland and Collie are soon engaged. Wayland confronts the Campbells and attempts to persuade Drury and his clan to end their feud with the Wrights, but they chase him away. The following spring, Drury appears at the wedding of Wayland and Collie, and returns Jonathan to his mother.
Aagaman	Bollywood	drama	Muzaffar Ali	In a village of Awadh, sugarcane planters are exploited by mill owner (Bharat Bhushan). A young man (Suresh Oberoi) returns to this village after receiving a degree in law from a reputed university of Lucknow. Seeing the poor condition of planters, he urges them to stop selling their sugarcane to the mill owner and instead start their own co-operative mill. The mill owner, his landlord-agent (Saeed Jaffrey) and son discourage the villagers from doing so. The mill owner's son urges the people to form a planter's union and continue selling their crop to the mill. Initially, the villagers trust him, but after continuous persuasions from the young man and realising that only self-sufficiency can improve their condition, they unite and set up their own mill. In the end, the young man marries a village girl (Deepa), who was very active in the movement.[8]
 Looking for Alibrandi	Australian	drama	Kate Woods	Looking for Alibrandi begins light-heartedly, and the viewer gets a very quick understanding of Josie's character through her interactions with her friends and family. As the film progresses, the glamour that is initially associated with Josie begins to fade as she struggles to cope with her final year of school (especially the racist attitude of one girl in particular, Carly Bishop (Leeanna Walsman), the suicide of her crush, John Barton (Matthew Newton), and meeting with Michael Andretti (Anthony LaPaglia), her father, of whom has only just found out about her existence upon returning to Sydney for work. She also has continual conflict with her grandmother, Katia Alibrandi (Elena Cotta). However, these complications are seemingly resolved quickly, in keeping with Josie's brusque and forthright outlook on life. For example, in response to Carly's continuous snide remarks, she breaks her tormentor's nose with a history textbook. It is this summary act that brings her father back into her life. Another complication—the suicide of her close friend and unrequited crush, John Barton—tests her resilience. Struggling with her grief, she finds comfort to a certain extent within Jacob Coote, he was a 'bad boy' on the outside, but he was found out to be a sincere and caring person on the inside. The most significant complication and challenge for Josie, though, is her rocky relationship with her father, Michael Andretti. When they finally get to know each other, and recognise themselves in each other, their rift heals, and she can confide in him.
Manzil	Bollywood	drama	Basu Chatterjee	The story of the movie starts with a young man (Amitabh Bachchan) having big dreams. He falls for a rich girl (Moushumi Chaterjee). She falls for him as well. He pretends to be rich not to disappoint her and takes help from his friend for a suit, the car and the flat claiming all as his own. He wants to start a galvanometer business by buying old ones and refurbishing them to workable ones with the help of A.K. Hangal. Unfortunately, the big cats try to buy him out, but Amitabh doesn't budge. So, they buy A. K. Hangal by bribing him with money for his daughters wedding. This leads to a big failure for Amitabh, whose mother Lalita Pawar has to give the insurance money to her son to bail him out. It still doesn't work and Amitabh is taken to court by Moushumi's father, a lawyer. Lalita Pawar encourages her son to repair the galvanometers himself and when he falls short of money, sells her gold jewellery. The prosecutor withdraws the case as the galvanometers are now repaired. His friend Prakash Mariwalla also helps him with ten thousand rupees in disguise of an order.
Fanny by Gaslight	British	drama	Anthony Asquith	Fanny (Phyllis Calvert) finishes at boarding school in 1880 and returns to London, where she witnesses Lord Manderstoke (James Mason) fight and kill her supposed father. She soon learns that her family has run a brothel next door to her home and (on her mother's death) that he was not her real father. She goes to meet her real father – a respected politician – and falls in love with Harry Somerford (Stewart Granger), his advisor. Manderstoke continues to thwart her happiness.
Tell Me Lies	British	drama	Peter Brook	A young couple, Bob Lloyd and Pauline Munro see a photo in a magazine of a baby mutilated by napalm and it changes their lives. They ask is London aware, is London concerned?[3]
God's Not Dead 2	American	drama	Harold Cronk	AP History teacher Grace Wesley (Melissa Joan Hart), a devout evangelical Christian, notices that one of her students, Brooke Thawley (Hayley Orrantia), is withdrawn following the recent accidental death of her brother. Involved in little more than her studies, Brooke notices Grace's hope-filled attitude, and asks where Grace finds her optimism. Grace replies Jesus, and Brooke begins to read the Bible for herself. As Grace lectures on Mahatma Gandhi and Martin Luther King, Jr., Brooke asks whether their peaceful teachings relate to the biblical account of the Sermon on the Mount. Grace responds in the affirmative, and relates parts of scripture to his teachings. One student immediately texts his parents about the class, and the ensuing backlash draws the ire of Principal Kinney (Robin Givens). She reprimands Grace, saying that the teacher's faith clouded her judgment. Grace is subsequently brought before the School Board, who inform her that legal action will be taken against her as she has violated the separation of church and state. Grace's case draws the attention of Tom Endler (Jesse Metcalfe), a young defense attorney who is willing to aid her despite being an unbeliever himself. After speaking to his friend Josh, Martin Yip, a college student, visits Pastor David Hill (David A. R. White) to ask him several questions about God. Former left-wing blogger Amy Ryan goes to the hospital to check in on her cancer, only to find that it has miraculously vanished. She talks to Michael Tait of the Newsboys, who encourages her, stating that with faith, prayers can be answered. Amy ponders this, and later makes her blog a diary about her adventures with God. The School Board brings Grace's case before a judge in Little Rock, Arkansas, hoping to secure her termination and strip her of her teaching license unless she issues an apology, which Grace refuses to do. To Brooke's horror, prosecutor Pete Kane (Ray Wise) declares that the lawsuit will prove once and for all that God is dead. His opening argument suggests that the society of the United States will crumble should Grace fail to be found guilty. Endler responds by stating that Grace was simply doing her job, and that the law separating church and state was written by Thomas Jefferson in an effort to protect the church, not persecute it. Kane builds a strong case against Grace by bringing forward witnesses such as Kinney and Brooke's parents, prompting Endler to rethink their defense. Meanwhile Brooke stands in solidarity with her friends against Kinney. The defense is dealt another blow when their key juror, David, becomes ill. Christian apologist J. Warner Wallace is called as an expert witness, arguing that it is illogical to think that the gospel was a conspiracy because despite facing persecution and death, none of the Apostles ever retracted the accounts of seeing the risen Jesus. Kane is floored to learn that Wallace was formerly an atheist who was converted to Christianity. Amy encourages Brooke to follow her heart, despite what others are making her do. Martin is surprised to find his father in his college dorm. Mr. Yip angrily rebukes Martin for following God despite the family's sacrifices. Martin refuses to deny God, and Mr. Yip disowns him, then leaves. A heartbroken Martin goes to the church, where he finds Brooke. They talk about God, and Martin eventually brings Brooke to God. Later, Brooke sets up a protest to support Grace. Brooke is allowed as a witness. Kane is able to trick her into admitting that it was Grace and not Brooke who initiated their first conversation about Jesus. As Grace becomes more and more discouraged, Brooke and her friends sing her a song in an attempt to build up her spirits. Martin visits David in the hospital with his friend Paul, and announces that he feels his call is as a pastor in China. Using a tactic to position Grace as a hostile witness, Endler gets the judge to inform the jury not to let their bias or prejudices interfere with their verdict. The jury ultimately finds in favor of Grace, who rejoices along with Brooke and Endler as Kane stands humiliated. In a post-credits scene, a fully recovered David, hungry after having ice chips for 2 days, returns to church with Paul who offers, I'm hungry as well, David. How 'bout I take you for a nice, tuna melt? Suddenly, David is then arrested for refusing to turn in his sermons to the government, (shown earlier in the film). Paul and Martin watch as David is taken away. Then, Martin wonders what to do next, and Paul replies Same as always, Martin. We pray in faith. as David is driven off to jail, setting up the events for the sequel: God's Not Dead: A Light in Darkness.
Love Likes Coincidences	Turkish	drama	Ömer Faruk Sorak	One September morning in 1977 in Ankara, a young man rushes his pregnant wife to the hospital for the impending birth. He crashes into another car, whose driver is another father-to-be. As a result of the accident, the woman in the car they hit gives birth prematurely, resulting in both babies being born on the same day at the same hospital. That accident becomes the first of many coincidences that will connect the fates of Özgür and Deniz, whose lives will continue to intersect throughout the rest of their childhood and teenage years in Ankara. Each time their paths intersect, the cause of the intersection greatly transforms both Özgür and Deniz’s lives. However, their lives never fully intertwine because whatever it is that brings them together manages to build a wall between until their next encounter, some 25 years on, in Istanbul.
Strawberry Roan	British	drama	Maurice Elvey	Farmer Chris Lowe (Hartnell) meets and falls in love with Molly (Raye), a chorus-girl. Despite the fact that she is a city girl through and through, she accepts his proposal of marriage and after the wedding goes to live on the farm. Chris realises that the transition for Molly will be difficult, and in an attempt to ease her into farm life, buys her a strawberry roan calf to look after. Unfortunately Molly finds the adjustment to rural life extremely difficult and does not settle down. She fails to integrate into the local community and starts to feel she has made a big mistake. She tries to quell her unhappiness by spending her husband's money, but goes to excess and eventually leaves Chris facing financial ruin. In despair she takes off on her horse and suffers a fatal fall, leaving Chris destitute and overcome with guilt.
The Servant	British	drama	Joseph Losey	Tony (James Fox), a wealthy young Londoner, hires Hugo Barrett (Dirk Bogarde) as his manservant. Initially, Barrett appears to take easily to his new job, and he and Tony form a quiet bond, retaining their social roles. Relationships begin shifting, however, and they change with the introduction of Susan (Wendy Craig), Tony's girlfriend, who seems to be suspicious of Barrett and to loathe all he represents. Barrett brings Vera (Sarah Miles), whom he presents as his sister, into Tony's household as a maidservant, but it emerges that Vera is actually Barrett's lover. Through Barrett's and Vera's games and machinations, they reverse roles with Tony and Susan; Tony becomes more and more dissipated, sinking further into what he perceives as their level, as the master and the servant exchange roles. In the final scene, Tony has become wholly dependent on Barrett, and Susan is exiled permanently from the house.
Wrong World	Australian	drama	Ian Pringle	David (Richard Moir), a disillusioned doctor, travels with a junkie female (Jo Kennedy) who has her own problems, across the state of Victoria.
Umbartha	Bollywood	drama	Jabbar Patel	Sulabha Mahajan (played by Smita Patil) is a woman who dreams to step out of the four walls of the house, assume greater responsibility as a citizen and play an important role in shaping the society. She has passion to do something constructive for the abused, assaulted, neglected and traumatized womenfolk of the society she lives in. She gets a job offer as Superintendent of a Women's Reformatory Home in a remote town of Sangamwadi. The job offer raises objections from her lawyer husband Subhash (played by Girish Karnad) and conservative mother-in-law who refuse to understand her need to move to the town and work for rehabilitation of the women. But her sister-in-law supports her by offering help in looking after her young daughter Rani. Determined Sulabha then goes ahead with her dream job. She meets various challenges in her new endeavor. She starts with bringing discipline in the Home and also discovers frauds that take place there. But she is not helped by the managing committee which is filled with selfish and careless people. She hence decides to take steps against their sanction. She starts some classes to educate willing women and also marries off one of the inmates in order to give a new start to her life. She discovers how a local MLA Bane has been regularly using the inmates of the home to satisfy his sexual needs. Two of the inmates decide to run away but are forcefully brought back to the home. They both commit suicide by burning themselves. Sulabha is then questioned by committee and newspapers for her improper control on the home. An administrative enquiry is set up against her. It is then that she decides to resign and give up all her work and return home. When she returns to her home she is happily welcomed by her sister-in-law but not so much by her daughter and mother-in-law. She then comes to know that her husband Subhash has been involved with another woman in her absence. His betrayal changes her mind and she again sets off to follow her dream work.
Malpractice	Australian	drama	Bill Bennett	A child is born with brain damage and the mother decides to sue the doctor for malpractice.[2]
Shatranj Ke Khiladi	Bollywood	drama	Satyajit Ray	The film shows in parallel the historical drama of the Indian kingdom Awadh (whose capital is Lucknow) and its Muslim Nawab Wajid Ali Shah who is overthrown by the British, alongside the story of two noblemen who are obsessed with shatranj, an ancient form of chess.[5] Satyajit Ray portrays the Nawab as an extravagant but sympathetic figure. He is an artist and poet, no longer in command of events and unable to effectively oppose the British demand for his throne. Parallel to this wider drama is the personal (and sometimes humorous) tale of two rich noblemen of this kingdom, Mirza Sajjad Ali and Mir Roshan Ali. Inseparable friends, the two nobles became passionately obsessed with the game of shatranj (chess), neglecting his (Mirza Sajjid Ali) wife and failing to act against the real-life seizure of their kingdom by the East India Company. Instead, the two nobles abandon their families and responsibilities, fleeing from Lucknow to play chess in village exile untroubled by greater events. Ray's basic theme in the film is the message that the detachment of India's ruling classes assisted a small number of British officials and soldiers to take over Awadh without opposition. The role of Captain Weston, so British in his ways, but in love with Urdu poetry, is also worth noting. In the last scene, after which Mir shoots at Mirza and complains out loud I won't have a partner to play chess with, Mirza responds to him but you have one in front of you! (thus making him understand that he forgives him). He finally concludes that after nightfall, we will go back home. We both need darkness to hide our faces.
Deli Deli Olma	Turkish	drama	Murat Saraçoglu	After the Russian '93 War between Russia and the Ottoman Empire, the Molokan community, a part of the Russian nation, are forced to migrate to Kars in eastern Anatolia. Among the migrating families is Mişka's (,) family. Mişka grows old in Kars and now operates the only mill in the village. However, he has to struggle with financial difficulties after modern machines start replacing traditional methods. In the meantime, the cranky old woman of the village, Popuç (Şerif Sezer), hates Mişka and does not want him in the village. Popuç lives with her son Semistan (Levent Tülek), daughter-in-law Figan (Zuhal Topal) and three grandchildren. However, the smallest and most wayward of her granddaughters, Alma, befriends the old Mişka. Alma will help two elderly people question their histories and reveal their big secrets.
The Final Winter	Australian	drama	Brian Andrews	The film explores the way in which business tore up the loyalty that was between Grub's club and family. Essentially this is a metaphor for the way in which business began to imprint the game of Rugby League during the 1980s, and saw the rise of commercialism in the game.[5] Consequently, Grub must battle with an administration that wanted him gone and additionally his brother and coach's betrayal. The film also deals with the domestic issues between Grub and his wife and his children, as their husband and father has been transformed from who he was to who he has become.[4]
Cool as Ice	American	drama	David Kellogg	Johnny Van Owen is a rapper who drifts from city to city. Johnny is performing at a nightclub, rapping and dancing with his crew and a club background songstress playing Cool as Ice (Everybody Get Loose). While the group passes through a small town, Johnny falls for honor student Kathy Winslow. The crew is stranded in the town after a member's motorcycle breaks down and has to be left at a local repair shop. While waiting for repairs, Johnny uses the opportunity to see Kathy. She already has a boyfriend named Nick, whom he advises Kathy to dump. Johnny shows up with his crew at a local club frequented by Kathy and her friends. Noticing that no one was enjoying the live music playing at the club, Johnny and the crew decide to perform a musical number, People's Choice, by unplugging the other band's instruments and taking control, shocking the audience and ending with Johnny sweeping Kathy off her feet, humiliating Nick. He offers to forgive Kathy and take her home, but she refuses and walks home by herself. Unbeknownst to Kathy, she is stalked by two strange men in a car. She is saved by Johnny, who takes her home. At the club's parking lot, a jealous Nick and his friends smash up motorcycles belonging to Johnny's friends. Nick's friends attack the rapping biker who fights back, leaving Nick and his buddies unconscious and Nick himself in the hospital with a broken nose. Kathy's father, Gordon, becomes suspicious of Johnny, and warns Kathy to stay away from him because they can't trust strangers. The next day, Kathy goes for a ride with Johnny against her father's wishes. They ride all over town, including a construction site. When they finally return home, they are greeted by an angry Gordon, who coldly warns Johnny to stay away from his daughter. Gordon, under pressure from his wife Grace, reveals to Kathy the secret of his past—he was once a police officer. They were on the run from two corrupt cops and were able to escape using fabricated documents, explaining why he kept his life a secret from Kathy all these years. Kathy criticizes her father, saying it was not fair that he lied to her in order to protect her, yet refuse to permit her to see a total stranger. The next day, Johnny agrees to give Tommy a ride on his bike. They cruise through the streets, and finally back to the Winslow home where Tommy is kidnapped. At the repair shop, the crew prepares to leave town since the bike has been repaired, but they tell Johnny to say goodbye to Kathy. When Johnny arrives at the Winslow house, he finds an envelope meant for the family. It turns out to be a message from the crooked cops with Tommy recording it. Fearing the worst, Gordon accuses Johnny of criminal involvement, much to Kathy's dismay. When Kathy asks Johnny to play the tape left behind by the kidnappers, he hears a loud clanging noise from a construction vehicle, revealing the message was recorded at the construction site. The gang ambushes the kidnappers and rescue Tommy. When the police arrive, the gang return Tommy to the Winslows, and Gordon apologizes to Johnny. The rapper tells Kathy he has to move on, but she decides to follow him. Nick arrives in his car, telling Kathy to get used to being a biker chick because she will never see him again. Kathy holds on as Johnny uses the car as a ramp and the two new lovers ride off into the big city. The film ends with Johnny reaching his destination, rapping Get Wit It and dancing with his crew to an audience at a night club. Kathy joins him on stage after the show is over, dancing alone in the spotlight.
Paperhouse	British	drama	Bernard Rose	While suffering from glandular fever, 11-year-old Anna Madden draws a house. When she falls asleep, she has disturbing dreams in which she finds herself inside the house she has drawn. After she draws a face at the window, in her next dream she finds a disabled boy named Marc living in the house. She learns from her doctor that Marc is a real person. Anna sketches her father into the drawing so that he can help carry Marc away, but she inadvertently gives him an angry expression which she then crosses out, and the father (who has been away a lot and has a drinking problem, putting a strain on his marriage) appears in the dream as a furious, blinded ogre. Anna and Marc defeat the monster and shortly afterward Anna recovers, although the doctor reveals that Marc's condition is deteriorating. Anna's father returns home and both parents seem determined to get over their marital difficulties. The family goes on holiday by the sea, where Anna finds an epilogue to her dream.
Güz Sancısı	Turkish	drama	Tomris Giritlioglu	The story is set in Istanbul, during the Pogrom of September 1955. Behçet (Murat Yildirim) is the only son of a father, in whom the government and the bureaucracy take a close interest due to his strong influence in Antakya. While he is working as an assistant researcher in the faculty of law in Istanbul, he falls under the sway of the extreme nationalist movement as a result of his upbringing and the influential role model of his father. The only thing that causes Behçet to stumble on this is Elena, a woman he secretly observes from his apartment. She is a Greek prostitute, who has been exploited by her grandmother after her mother had left them. Elena is aware that she is being observed by Behçet and falls in love with him. They get close to each other which does not please Behçet's father and his political party. The death of his friend Suat and the role that his father plays with the leaders of the party to exterminate the opposition and even the tolerated voices force Behçet to reconsider his political belonging. During the Istanbul pogrom, riots which were organized by Turkish mob attacks directed at Istanbul's Greek minority, Behçet finds Elena dead after being hit by an activist. He takes her and remembers the words she said while lying on the bed in her apartment.
Class Action	American	drama	Michael Apted	The story is about a lawsuit concerning injuries caused by a defective automobile. The suit takes on a personal dimension because the injured plaintiff's attorney, Jedediah Tucker Ward (Gene Hackman) discovers that the automobile manufacturer's attorney Maggie Ward (Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio) is his estranged daughter. Jedediah Ward is a liberal civil rights lawyer who has based his career on helping people avoid being taken for a ride by the rich and powerful; he's pursued principle at the expense of profit, though he has a bad habit of not following up on his clients after their cases are settled. Jed's daughter, Maggie, has had a bad relationship with her father ever since she discovered that he was cheating on her mother, Estelle (Joanna Merlin), and while she also has made a career in law, she has taken a very different professional route by working for a high-powered corporate law firm and has adopted a self-interested political agenda. Jed is hired to help field a lawsuit against a major auto manufacturer whose station wagons have a dangerous propensity to explode on impact while making a left turn, but while his research indicates he has an all but airtight case against them, the case becomes more complicated for him when he discovers that Maggie is representing the firm he's suing. The auto manufacturer in the film also utilizes a bean-counting approach to risk management, whereby the projections of actuaries for probable deaths and injured car-owners is weighed against the cost of re-tooling and re-manufacturing the car without the defect (exploding gas tanks) with the resulting decision to keep the car as-is to positively benefit short term profitability.
Regarding Henry	American	drama	Mike Nichols	Ambitious, callous, narcissistic, and at times unethical, Henry Turner is a highly successful Manhattan lawyer whose obsession with his work leaves him little time for his prim socialite wife, Sarah, and troubled preteen daughter, Rachel. He has just won a malpractice suit in which he defended a hospital against a plaintiff who claims, but is unable to prove, that he warned the hospital of an existing condition that then caused a problem. Running out to a convenience store to buy cigarettes one night, Henry is shot when he interrupts a robbery. One bullet hits his right frontal lobe, while the other pierces his chest and hits his left subclavian vein, causing excessive internal bleeding and cardiac arrest. He experiences anoxia, resulting in brain damage. Henry survives but initially he can neither move nor talk and he suffers retrograde amnesia. He slowly regains movement and speech with the help of a physical therapist named Bradley. Upon returning to his apartment, he, almost childlike, is impressed by the surroundings he once barely noticed. As he forges new relationships with his family, he realizes he does not like the person he was before the shooting. As Sarah thinks it is best for all of them, Rachel is put into an out-of-town elite school for girls, as had been planned but now that she and her father are closer than ever, she is not happy to go. At orientation, he tells her a fib to encourage her to enjoy the new surroundings and people. He and Sarah become much closer, as they had been when they first met. He also misses Rachel dearly. His firm allows him to return to work out of deference to his previous contributions to its success. Sarah suggests they relocate to a smaller, less expensive residence. As his firm takes away his old assignments and large office and essentially assigns him only busy work, he begins to realize he does not want to be a lawyer anymore either. While he and Sarah are at a dinner party, they overhear several of their friends making derogatory comments about him. He finds letters to Sarah from a former colleague disclosing an affair they had, becomes angry and upset, and leaves home. He is confronted by Linda, a fellow attorney at his firm, who reveals that they were also having an affair and that he had told her he would leave Sarah for her, making him have second thoughts about himself and his relationships. He gives documents from his last case that were suppressed by his firm to the plaintiff who was in the right all along and apologizes. He then goes back to the firm and resigns, says goodbye to Linda, and realizing that (as Sarah had said) everything had been wrong before but was now so much better, returns to her and they reconcile. They go to Rachel's school and withdraw her and she is overjoyed to be with her parents. As they leave the building, she tosses her school-uniform hat away.
F.T.W.	American	drama	Michel Karbelnikoff	Frank T. Wells, an ex-rodeo champion, is released from prison after serving a 10-year sentence that resulted from a bar fight. He meets with old acquaintances, collects his broken old truck, gets a van to live in and returns to earning a living as a rodeo cowboy, riding his new horse Angel. Scarlett Stuart ia an amateur auto-repair mechanic who lives with her sexually-abusive brother Clem. The two of them are joined by Joe Palmieri in committing a bank robbery. During the robbery, eight policemen are killed. Trying to hide in a motel, the trio are found by the police, who kill Clem and Joe during a shootout, while Scarlett manages to escape. On his way to his van, Frank meets Scarlett who, startled and afraid at first, agrees to help him by fixing his broken truck. In return, he offers the emotionally disturbed woman the opportunity to escape her problems with him. Scarlett has a tattoo F.T.W., standing for Fuck The World, and because these are the same initials of Frank's name, she believes that they are meant to be together, and they begin to have a relationship. Living together, they try to make ends meet while laying low from the authorities, but it is more easily said than done, as Scarlett tries to support herself by means of armed robbery.
I'll Be There	Filipino	drama	Maryo J. Delos Reyes	The story revolves around Maxi dela Cerna, a young, aspiring New York-based fashion designer who returns to the Philippines shortly after her mother’s death to find her father. She had been swindled by her ex-boyfriend and hopes to pay off her debts by selling the piece of provincial land that her parents co-owned. But this means spending time with her father whom she hates for walking out on her and her mother 15 years ago. As the uptight and guarded Maxi struggles to immerse herself in farm life and deal with a father she despises, she crosses paths again with Tommy, her childhood friend, now an architect who is trying to heal from his own mistakes in the past with his 7-year-old son.
Fresh	American	drama	Boaz Yakin	12-year-old Michael a.k.a. Fresh stops at a latina woman's apartment to pick up dime bags of heroin before he goes to school. Fresh notices that she has given him the wrong amount and Fresh tries to warn her that his boss Esteban will be angry with the incorrect amount. He sees the track marks on her arm, indicating that she is a drug addict trying to swindle him out of his delivery. He leaves, disgusted. Next, he visits another apartment where several women and one man, Herbie, are measuring and cutting bricks of heroin. Herbie insults Fresh and calls him a little boy doing a man's job. Herbie also makes crude comments about Fresh's sister, which angers Fresh. He rushes out because he is late for school. He meets up with another of Esteban's employees to count the drugs. The employee tells Fresh that Esteban wants to see him after handing Fresh his share of the money. Fresh arrives at school where he is his scolded by his teacher, Mrs. Coleman, for being late. Fresh acts like a normal boy by playing around with his best friend, Chuckie. At recess, the boys watch the girls' cheerleading team and Fresh talks to one of the girls, Rosie. After school, Fresh goes to a forested, abandoned area to put his new earnings in a secret hiding place, where we see that he has amassed a substantial savings. From there, he goes to his grandmother's house where all of his aunt and cousins reside. The next morning, Fresh is selling drugs when a desperate drug addict offers sex to Fresh in exchange for drugs, but he sends her away. Jake, one of the lookouts present, finds this amusing. At the end of the day when a man by the name of Kermit does not show up to pay Jake the fifty dollars he owes him, Jake becomes angry and threatens to kill Kermit. Fresh seeks out Corky—his boss as well as Jake's—in order to get paid, but Corky tries to short him. Fresh demands more money after reminding Corky that the lookouts like Jake make $50 while his pay is $100 for selling the drugs. Corky agrees. Fresh takes the subway to Washington Square to play chess for cash with a man who is undefeated while his father Sam, a skilled chess player, sits at another table watching him. After winning, Fresh plays his father but loses. Sam criticizes Fresh's strategy and Fresh leaves to visit Chuckie, who proposes to enter their dog, Roscoe, in a dogfight to earn cash. Fresh refuses so Chuckie urges Fresh to get him a job with Esteban. Fresh rebuffs his suggestion, saying that Chuckie is too immature to be a drug dealer, and agrees to enter their pet into the fight. Fresh leaves him to visit Esteban, who is annoyed that Fresh is selling crack for other drug dealers. He warns Fresh that when it comes to crack dealing, Fresh will either die addicted to his own product or be killed by rival dealers or unstable drug addicts. He leaves Esteban to go to the corner store where his sister Nichole works. He bumps into James, Nichole's drug-dealing boyfriend, who insults his appearance before allowing him to see Nichole. Fresh warns Nichole that Esteban is interested in her and asks her why she stays with James. She tells him that she doesn't love James, only the drugs he can supply her with, and also doesn't like the way Esteban looks at her like a queen. Fresh goes to watch a neighborhood basketball game, where Jake begins to show jealously towards a smaller kid by the name of Curtis. During the game Jake pushes Curtis to the ground, but Curtis later humiliates Jake by scoring the winning basket, causing Jake to become angered and leave the court. Rosie sees Fresh and walks over to talk to him, but as she does Jake returns with a gun he recovered from his belongings and begins shooting Curtis repeatedly, killing him. Everyone leaves except Fresh, who, as the only remaining person at the playground, walks past Curtis' dead body to find Rosie on the ground, holding her neck and choking on blood, having been struck in the neck by a stray bullet from Jake's gun which kills her moments later. The police arrive shortly, demanding information which Fresh refuses to provide. Fresh plays chess with his father Sam again who scolds him for being distracted. Fresh loses to his father, but is able to put his Father's king in check for the 1st time. Later, Chuckie and Fresh arrive at the dogfight, where Fresh spots Jake. Fresh tries to convince Chuckie to take Roscoe out of the fight, but nevertheless, their dog wins. Chuckie wants to enter him into another fight but Fresh stops him, agreeing to get him a job with Esteban. They go to Esteban's apartment where they accidentally walk in on Esteban and Nichole finishing having sex. Esteban tells them to wait in another room, where Chuckie asks for a job. Esteban dismisses Chuckie after Chuckie boasts of busting those dope moves and tells Fresh that he plans to groom Fresh to his protege and wants Fresh to stop selling for other dealers. Meanwhile, Corky has the police's attention since Jake's shooting attracted attention. Fresh takes his own savings to a cocaine source, Hector, under the pretense of being the runner for Corky. Hector refuses to hand over the drugs to Fresh, fearing that the police will come after him. Fresh threatens him and offers him a big sum of cash, which we understand to be the entirety of Fresh's personal savings. Hector takes the cash and tells Fresh where to pick up the drugs. Fresh says that the police have wire-tapped Corky's phone numbers and tells Hector not to call Corky. At school, Chuckie can't resist bragging about his supposed new job for Esteban. After school, he and Fresh buy science textbooks to hide the drugs. Fresh and Chuckie begin to get into a verbal altercation throughout the trip when Chuckie almost gets arrested on the train for talking back to an officer, which Fresh had to intervene and deescalate the situation. As Fresh is bickering with Chuckie, they go to an abandoned house where Fresh hides their stash in the floorboards while Chuckie keeps lookout. When leaving the building, three men step out from behind the corner, approaching them and armed. Fresh begins to run but goes back to Chuckie, who has now drawn his gun at the assailants. Chuckie tries to shoot at the men and run, but trips. The gun falls under a car and Chuckie tries to grab it but an assailant shoots the tire and it flattens under Chuckie's hand, crushing it. Fresh runs back over to help him, but Chuckie is stuck. Another assailant fires a shot at the car, prompting Fresh to run away and abandon Chuckie. The assailants walk over to Chuckie and kill him. Fresh is questioned by the police at the police station, realizing that Fresh has been at the scene of now two deaths. However, since they have no evidence to detain him, they let him go. Back at home, Fresh's aunt remonstrates sadly with him for getting involved in gunfire and tells him that she cannot risk the lives of her eleven other children for him. She informs him that he will be sent to a group home for a month. At school, Fresh's friends blame him for Chuckie's death and truly alone, Fresh shoots Chuckie's dog, Roscoe. When Fresh goes outside, Jake forces him in the car with the three assailants (revealing that Jake was behind the ambush on Fresh and Chuckie). They bring Fresh to a room where Corky is waiting. Corky is upset that Chuckie's bragging about moving base for Esteban (the same drugs that Corky is selling) got back to him and that Esteban is encroaching on his product. The drugs that Jake and the assailants took off of Chuckie reveal that both Fresh and Chuckie were carrying crack cocaine. Corky grabs big chain links and threatens to beat Fresh to death to send a message to rival dealers. However, Fresh lies to the other henchmen that Fresh was being forced to sell for Jake. An astonished Jake pulls out his guns and walks over to shoot Fresh, but Corky's henchmen turn on Jake and Jake's friend Red. Both Jake and Red try to convince everyone that Fresh is lying. However, Fresh insists that Jake and Red were planning to oust Corky and he was only saying that he was selling for Esteban as protection. Fresh tells them to call Hector, who will reveal the truth. Corky calls Hector, where Hector confirms that he met with Fresh. The conversation is short, with Hector expressing concern over Corky' phone being wire-tapped, as Hector was told was the case, by Fresh. Corky then whips Red and Jake to death. Corky turns to Fresh and asks who else is involved. Fresh names James. Fresh then goes to Esteban's warehouse and tells him that Corky's crew had jumped him and says that Corky is planning to sell heroin as well. He tells Esteban that Corky's distributor is James and the two are planning to meet that night. He also adds that Nichole is seeing James secretly because James is plotting with Corky to take Esteban out. Corky and his men arrive at James' place and storm in while Esteban, Fresh, and two other men wait in Esteban's car, watching them. Esteban signals his henchmen to follow him and tells Fresh and Herbie to stay put. Inside, Esteban's crew kills James, Corky, and Corky's men. Afterwards, they drive to Esteban's place and Esteban sees Nichole is there. He tells his henchmen to take Fresh home but Fresh makes them stop the car, claiming that he will spend the night at a friend's house. He runs into a convenience store and makes a phone call on a pay phone. He then shows up at Esteban's apartment, claiming that he couldn't go home. Esteban lets him stay because he wants to confront Fresh for telling Nichole that he found her father in Staten Island and for urging her to leave for a rehabilitation center. Angry, Esteban demands to know what else Fresh is hiding from him. The three argue and Esteban tries to force Nichole to stay with him. The police arrive and as Esteban goes to answer the door, Fresh hides something under the bed. The police officer turns out to be Sgt. Perez, who reveals that he is responding to a call about a domestic dispute. Esteban denies any argument and suggests they have the wrong apartment. Fresh comes forward and tells Perez that his sister is scared to speak up and how Esteban is a drug dealer who killed James and is now threatening his sister. Esteban swears that he is clean but Fresh tells Sgt. Perez to check under the bed. The policeman looks under the bed and find Esteban's gun (which he removed from the car after the shooting earlier) and the drugs Fresh planted. The police take Esteban away and Sgt. Perez promises to protect Fresh and his sister from any retaliation. Fresh expresses that he no longer wants to live in any projects. The movie ends with Fresh playing chess with his father, where he cries.
Wings of the Morning	British	drama	Harold D. Schuster	The story, set in the late 1880s, concerns the tempestuous love between an Irish nobleman and the fiery Spanish gypsy he loves.[6]
Leopard in the Snow	British	drama	Gerry O'Hara	In the middle of a blizzard, a young woman takes shelter in a house owned by a former racing driver still recovering from an accident he had some years before.[1]
The Woman for Joe	British	drama	George More O'Ferrall	Midget George Wilson pulls strings to obtain a job in the circus for Mary, a Hungarian lady he's fallen madly in love with. Mary is happy to have the job, singing to the lions, but although she likes George, her feelings for circus owner Joe Harrop are stronger. The jealousy and tensions caused affect the running of the circus.
The Reckoning	British	drama	Jack Gold	Michael Mick Marler has risen up through the ranks at Grenville, a large British company specializing in business machines. Despite his drive and polished air, Mick comes from a tough working-class background and has worked hard to fit into the posh world in which he and his social-climbing wife Rosemary live. His marriage consists of little more than animalistic lovemaking in between traded insults and long silences with his wife. One morning, while Mick is trying to save his boss, John Hazlitt, from losing face in the company from mistakes and sagging sales in his division, he convinces Hazlitt to push the company board to enter the computer market, something that they had decided against in the late 1950s. After his idea is readily accepted by Hazlitt, Mick gets a call from Rosemary informing him that his father, John Joe, is near death in Liverpool. Mick wants to leave immediately, but is coerced into first completing a report for Hazlitt. Despite his new wealth, Mick has remained a tough, but sentimental, Liverpudlian of Irish descent. He then drives his Jaguar to the working class Liverpool neighbourhood where he grew up and is forced to address the sizeable chip on his shoulder. When he gets to his father's bedside, he is shattered to discover that John Joe has died. When Mick lovingly kisses his father, he is disturbed to see several dark bruises on the body. After questioning his mother, his sister Kath, the parish priest and the family physician Dr. Carolan, Mick goes to the local Irish social hall to speak with Cocky Burke, his father's best friend. Cocky tells Mick that John Joe, who was a popular amateur Irish balladeer, had a heart attack at a pub after some English Teddy boys started a fight, then punched and kicked him. Mick tries to convince Cocky to go to the police, but Cocky, who hates and distrusts the English authorities, tells Mick that he must avenge his father. Angered by his phone call to Rosemary who expresses great reluctance to come to the funeral, Mick returns to the hall. Soon after, he is spirited away by Joyce Eglington, Dr. Carolan's nurse, when the police arrive to break up a fight that has started during an exhibition wrestling match. Although she is married, Joyce is no longer sexually satisfied by her husband and lets Mick know how exciting she finds him. They then go to Mick's parents' house and make love in Mick's old bedroom, prompting him to say that he is beginning to feel like his old self. In the morning, Mick awakens after Joyce has gone, but finds a note containing her phone number and address and decides to keep it. Returning to London, Mick and Hazlitt have a successful meeting with their board of directors, after which Mick goes home and wants to make love to Rosemary. When she tells him that she is still giving the party she had planned for that night, he angrily leaves to go drinking with his best friend, Brunzy. Hours later, they stumble into the party, where an embittered Mick makes a drunken scene and punches Sir Miles Bishton, one of his company's directors. Everyone, including a livid Rosemary, leaves after Mick rants about doing dirty work for English gentlemen. The next day, Hazlitt admonishes Mick for his behaviour and threatens that he will be dismissed when Moyle, the head of their company, returns from his business trip. At home, despite Mick's attempts to get her into bed, Rosemary resists his advances, packs her things and leaves. Hearing from Cocky that the magistrate has ruled John Joe's death accidental, Mick again drives north to Liverpool. Instead of staying with his mother, Mick checks into a small, out of the way hotel, then goes to the local branch of his company and asks to borrow a small, older model car, which he drives to a spot not far from his hotel. Mick then drives his Jaguar to the front of the hotel and goes inside, telling the manager that he has a splitting headache and plans to spend the entire night in bed. Adding that he will need to move his Jaguar into the garage, the sympathetic manager gives Mick something for his headache, takes his keys and tells him that she will have the car put away. When it is dark, Mick sneaks out the window of his room, gets into the smaller car, drives to the social hall and waits outside. Soon Jones, the Teddy boy whom Cocky had identified as John Joe's attacker, arrives, prompting Mick to go after him with a metal pipe. The frightened Jones cowers, imploring Mick not to hit him, but after a moment's hesitation, Mick savagely strikes him several times. The next morning, when Mick checks out of his hotel, the manager tells him that the police came looking for him, asking where he was the previous evening, but she assured them that he had been in his room all night. Later, Mick drives toward the address that Joyce had given him, but when he sees her in the distance walking with two young children, he drives away. When he returns to his mother's house to say goodbye, she privately tells him that the police had been there and softly says You're a bad lad. Bidding farewell to her affectionately, Mick says that he always was, then leaves. On his way home, pondering his situation, Mick suddenly thinks of Hilda Greening, Hazlitt's secretary, whom he knows is attracted to him. He goes to her flat and, playing on her affections, seduces her and cajoles her into revealing damaging information about Hazlitt. The next day, when Moyle summons Mick to his office, Mick pretends to be reluctant to say anything bad about Hazlitt, but quickly lets it be known that, for years, Hazlitt had stolen ideas from his underlings - then, when he was being held accountable for errors in judgment, placed the blame on them. Remembering that men Hazlitt has dismissed have gone on to successful careers with competitors, Moyle says that he is letting Hazlitt go and promoting Mick to his position. Moyle assumes that Mick will want to keep Hilda as his assistant, but Mick declines, saying that she is not trustworthy. Having a celebratory drink together, Moyle expresses sympathy about Rosemary leaving, but when Mick says she will not be back, Moyle assures him that she will. Subsequently, as a reconciled Mick and Rosemary are driving on a motorway, he recklessly speeds past a construction barrier and narrowly misses crashing the car into an oncoming truck. Exhilarated, Mick says, If I can get away with that, I can get away with anything.
Business as Usual	British	drama	Lezli-An Barrett	Babs Flynn (Jackson) is the manager of a Liverpool boutique. When she accuses the regional manager of sexual harassment she is sacked and mounts a public campaign to get her job back. The film met with positive reviews. It starred a young Craig Charles as Cathy Tyson's love interest (they were a couple at the time). It was based on a real case at a chain of boutiques called Lady at Lord John.[1][2]
The Root of All Evil	British	drama	Brock Williams	Jeckie Farnish (Calvert) has grown up in a grindingly poor household, and as she reaches adulthood she resolves to do whatever is necessary to claw her way out of poverty. She is loved by her childhood playmate Joe Bartle (John McCallum), but takes him for granted and feels that he lacks the spark or ambition to match her determination to make something of herself. Instead she pursues Albert Grice (Hubert Gregg), son of a wealthy grocery store owner, and believes they have an understanding. She is horrified when Albert goes on holiday, and returns newly married to another woman. Seeing a possible payday as compensation for her disappointment, Jeckie sues Albert for breach of promise and emotional distress, and after she plays up her status as jilted victim in court she is awarded a considerable sum in damages. Seeing the chance for revenge, she uses her windfall to set up her own grocery store, directly opposite that of the Grice emporium. By undercutting on prices and offering customer perks, she soon succeeds in poaching nearly all of their business and starts to accumulate a tidy sum in profits. Her ambition however stretches beyond a grocery store and its relatively modest financial potential. She is intrigued to meet a handsome stranger Charles Mortimer (Rennie), who tells her that there are large deposits of oil on the edge of town and he is looking for a financial backer to help him exploit them. Jeckie agrees to throw her lot in with Charles to get their hands on the land under which the oil can be drilled. It belongs to an elderly man Scholes (Moore Marriott), who is of the opinion that it is a stony, barren and useless plot, and is happy to sell for what seems on the surface a generous price. The oil operation quickly proves to have huge financial potential, and soon becomes a sizeable industry raking in vast profits. Now a wealthy woman, Jeckie buys the grandest house in the area and lives a life of luxury. She has fallen in love with Charles, but when she learns that he has misled her and is in fact married, she orders him to leave and says he will get no more share of the profits. Meanwhile, Scholes' resentment at being swindled had been simmering in the background, and finally explodes when he decides to set fire to the refinery to exact his revenge. The whole operation is destroyed in a spectacular blaze. Faced with losing everything, Jeckie finally starts to analyse her own ruthlessness and avarice. She realises that she has made many enemies and has few real friends. But the faithful Joe has never criticised or judged her, and she finally sees that he was the man for her all along.[2]
Hunt Angels	Australian	drama	Alec Morgan	In the late 1930s, Rupert Kathner and Alma Brooks began a movie-making spree that took on the Hollywood barons, a corrupt Police Commissioner and the cultural cringe, all in their passionate pursuit to make Australian films. On the run from police across thousands of miles, they would stop at almost nothing to get their films made.
Jacknife	American	drama	David Jones	Joseph Megessey (known to most as Megs) is a Vietnam war veteran suffering post-Vietnam stress syndrome who is having trouble fitting in with society. He takes on the responsibility of drawing Dave, a fellow veteran now an alcoholic, out of his shell by coaxing him to enjoy life again, as well as urging him to face up to some of his darker memories. Megs finds himself attracted to Dave's meek sister Martha, who lives with Dave and looks after him. This attraction leads to a love affair, much to Dave's disapproval. Dave eventually vents his anger and frustration at a high school prom where Martha is a chaperone being accompanied by Megs. This leads to Dave finally facing his demons and acknowledging Megs and Martha for being there for him. Afterwards, despite initially ending what was a promising romance, Megs returns to Martha.
Renegades	American	drama	Jack Sholder	Buster McHenry (Kiefer Sutherland) works as an undercover agent for the Philadelphia Police. Currently he investigates on police corruption and is in big trouble when he gets arrested while trying to stop a carjacking. He distracts the suspect with a beer bottle and assaults an officer. His task makes him break the law, he participates in a robbery at an Auction House where a million dollars worth of diamonds are stored. Things really screw up as not only are two men shot, but an ancient Indian spear is stolen and Buster is wounded. Marino (Rob Knepper), a crime boss, thinks that the spear might be worth something to his associates. Hank Storm (Lou Diamond Phillips), a young Indian, is now after the spear and Buster is after his criminal 'comrades'. Hank rescues Buster and nurses him back to health. Hank starts to blame Buster for what happened at the Auction House, but Buster tells him he was doing his job. Marino discovers where Buster has been hiding out. With Hank's help, both of them escape. Both of them are outsiders in their way, but now they have the same target. They despise each other at first, but learn to set aside their differences and work together. Meanwhile, Marino and his men visit Hank's father, whom they shoot and kill when he refused to cooperate in locating his son. After interrogating some of Marino's associates, they now realize that some of Buster's partners want him dead, because he knows too much, and that there is corruption in the police force. Buster comes to conclude that his partners sold him out to Marino. The film ends with Buster and Hank infiltrating and destroying Marino's hideout. They start killing many of Marino's men, as well as the corrupt policemen. Buster kills Marino by throwing the spear right into his chest when he was about to kill Hank. A month later, Hank gets a job as a tour guide in Texas, while Buster visits him and tells him he has his job back as a policeman, hoping it will turn his life around. Buster thanks Hank for showing him the error of his ways. They shake hands as both men realize they have better futures. Hank promises Buster he'll come visit him sometime soon. Buster drives off as Hank waves good-bye.
Backdraft	American	drama	Ron Howard	Two firefighters of Engine 17 of the Chicago Fire Department are brothers. Lt. Stephen Bull McCaffrey, the elder, is experienced, while Brian has labored under his brother's shadow his entire life. Brian returns to firefighting after a number of other careers falter, though Stephen has doubts that Brian is fit to be a firefighter. In 1971, Brian witnessed the death of their firefighting father, Captain Dennis McCaffrey, while accompanying him on a call. The longest serving of all the men at Engine 17, John Axe Adcox, served under the McCaffreys' father, and was like an uncle to the boys when their father died. He attacks fires head on, but is concerned about Stephen's unorthodox methods and disregard for safety procedures. Helen McCaffrey is Stephen's estranged wife and the mother of their son, Sean. Helen has grown fearful of Stephen's dedication to firefighting and the risks he takes. While they are still in love, she separated from Stephen to protect herself and Sean. Martin Swayzak is an alderman on the Chicago City Council. Swayzak hopes to be elected mayor, but has made budget cuts to the fire department. Many of the rank and file firemen believe the cuts are endangering firefighters' lives. Fire Department Captain Donald Shadow Rimgale is a dedicated arson investigator and veteran firefighter. He is called in, because a number of recent fires resemble fires committed by pyromaniac Ronald Bartel, who has been imprisoned for years. Brian is reassigned as his assistant after a falling out with Stephen. Rimgale manipulates Bartel's obsession with fire to ensure Bartel's annual parole application is rejected. It is revealed during an investigation that Swayzak was paid off by contractors to shut down firehouses, so they could be converted into community centers, with the contractors receiving contracts for the construction. When Engine 17 answers a call in a high-rise, Stephen urges them to move in quickly to take out the fire despite Adcox's advice to wait for back-up. Brian's friend and fellow trainee, Tim Krizminski, opens a door, only to be met by a backdraft. His face is burned beyond recognition, but he barely survives. Adcox and Brian both blame Tim's condition on Stephen's reckless tactics. Rimgale and Brian go to Swayzak's home to confront him, but interrupt a masked man about to set the place alight. The latter attacks them with a flashlight, but is burned by an electrical socket on his back. Rimgale saves Brian and Swayzak from the house, but is injured in an explosion. In his hospital bed, Rimgale tells Brian to visit Ronald again. Ronald helps Brian realize that only a firefighter would be so careful as to not let the backdraft fires rage out of control. Brian suspects Stephen, but later spots a burn in the shape of an electrical socket on Adcox's back, and reveals his suspicions to his brother just before an alarm. When Brian realizes Adcox has heard their exchange, he jumps aboard Truck 46 after borrowing some turnout gear. Stephen confronts Adcox about the deadly backdrafts during a multiple-alarm fire at a chemical plant. Adcox admits that he set the fires to kill associates of Swayzak, because Swayzak was benefiting from the deaths of firefighters. When an explosion destroys the catwalk they are on, Stephen grabs Adcox's hand while hanging on to the remains of the catwalk. Stephen refuses Adcox' advice to let go of him, but Stephen loses his grip on the catwalk. Adcox is killed, but Stephen, although seriously injured, survives. Stephen dies on the way to the hospital with Brian at his side, his final request being that Brian not reveal that Adcox was behind the fires until after Adcox receives a fitting burial. After Stephen and Adcox's funeral, Brian and Rimgale, with the help of the police, interrupt Swayzak at a press conference. Rimgale questions Swayzak on a fake manpower study that led to the deaths of several firemen, including Stephen and Adcox. They also state that Swayzak engineered the downsizing of the Chicago Fire Department. This effectively destroys Swayzak's mayoral ambitions. Brian continues as a firefighter despite the loss of his father and brother.
Naked	British	drama	Mike Leigh	After a rough sexual encounter with a married woman in a Manchester alley becomes a rape, Johnny Fletcher steals a car and flees for Dalston, a scrawny, unpretentious area in the east of London. He seeks refuge with his former girlfriend, fellow Mancunian Louise. Louise is not happy to see her ex. She works as a file clerk and shares a rental house with two flatmates, Sophie a young party girl, and primary tenant Sandra, a nurse who's away on holiday. Johnny immediately seduces Sophie, but soon tires of her and embarks on an extended odyssey among the destitute and despairing of London. During his encounters, Johnny expounds his world-view at long and lyrical length to anyone who will listen, whether Archie, a Scottish boy yelling Maggie! at the top of his voice he comes across in Brewer Street, or Brian, a security guard planning for his future amidst acres of empty space, whom Johnny marks down as having, the most tedious job in England.[3] After pursuing and then rejecting a drunken woman, Johnny is tossed out of a sublet by a young cafe worker he's followed home. He hitches a ride with a man who's hanging posters around town. The poster man, exasperated by Johnny's non-stop haranguing, kicks him several times, driving off with Johnny's only possession, a duffel bag with his clothes and books. Johnny wanders the streets and, with no provocation, is severely beaten by thugs. He manages to return to Louise's home, where Jeremy (aka Sebastian), a pathological sexual predator and Sandra's landlord, who has let himself in. Sophie is desperate to get Jeremy out of the house after a sexual encounter with him had turned into rape. She and Louise try to keep Johnny quiet but Jeremy awakens to find Johnny, injured and having a fit. Sandra returns from her trip to Zimbabwe and tends to Johnny. Louise rids the house of Jeremy. She and Johnny have a reconciliation. Feeling desolate and rejected, Sophie flees the house with her few possessions. Louise leaves for work, promising to return and go back to Manchester with Johnny. But Johnny steals cash that Sebastian had left in the house and hobbles out into the streets.
Men's Group	Australian	drama	Michael Joy	The film follows the lives of six men over a period of months as they convene weekly in a self-help style group. They are all very different men with very different problems. Freddy (Steve Rodgers), Cecil (Don Reid), Lucas (Steve Le Marquand), Moses (Paul Tassone) and Alex (Grant Dodwell) meet each week at Paul's house (Paul Gleeson). They soon discover that they have something in common: being male. As trust grows between them they gradually begin to share as they learn to listen to each other and discover they are not as alone in their fears as they had presumed. It takes a tragedy for the men to finally understand that they must take responsibilities for their own lives and those of their loved ones.[1]
Angie	American	drama	Martha Coolidge	Angie (Geena Davis) is an office worker who lives in the Bensonhurst section of Brooklyn, New York and dreams of a better life. After learning that she is pregnant by her boyfriend Vinnie (James Gandolfini), she decides that she will have the baby, but not Vinnie as a husband. This turns the entire neighborhood upside down and starts her on a journey of self-discovery, including a love affair with a man named Noel (Stephen Rea) who she meets at an art museum. Even her best friend Tina (Aida Turturro) has trouble understanding her.
Agreed Not to Separate	Chinese	drama	Fu Jingsheng Fei Ming	Teng Yuanfeng (Pu Cunxin) cannot understand why Lin Qiao (Xu Qing) divorced him and moved into a crowded apartment — by herself, since he won the custody battle. They've always had a loving relationship; sometimes Lin complained about his work and business trips, but nothing suggested a breakup. One day, Lu Xinxin (Tao Hong), who knew Lin as the one-time a cappella singer for her musician husband Zhang Ke (Guo Feng), bumps into Lin and notices the uncanny resemblance between her husband and Lin's son. She begins to follow the child, and later Zhang does the same. This gets the attention of Teng, who also realizes the unthinkable: the son that he has loved and cared for 4 years is not his. Furious, Teng sues Zhang for homewrecking and neglecting parental responsibilities. He leaves the child with Lin, but does not involve her in the lawsuit as he still loves her. Lin admits to a regrettable affair at a period of extreme loneliness (when Teng was away in Copenhagen covering the UEFA Euro 1992), and tells him that she filed for divorce because she could no longer bear the sight of the child and Teng together. Meanwhile, Zhang gets depressed especially since Lu also leaves him, though she comes back following his failed suicidal attempt. At the hearing, Lin (who is summoned as a witness) tells the court that while not his biological father, Teng has always cared for the child and done everything a father can. Teng gets emotional and drops the lawsuit. Afterwards, Lin calls Teng to tell him that she is leaving for good with the child, and Teng does not say anything. He encounters a lovesick man on the street and realizes that he cannot live without Lin and her son.
Ocean Heaven	Hong Kong	drama	Xue Xiaolu	Ocean Heaven is about a terminally ill father, Sam Wong/Wang Xincheng (Jet Li) as he works his job in an aquarium and struggles to look after his 21-year-old son Dafu/David, who has autism (Wen Zhang). Sam has single-handedly brought up his son since his wife died in a swimming accident 14 years ago and looks after him day and night. Upon discovering Sam has less than five months to live, he multiplies his efforts to help Dafu learn basic tasks in order to care for himself, as well as searching for a home for him, before he passes away. As the story progresses, the growing relationship between father and son, as well as the community around them, become clearer. Ling ling (Gwei Lun-mei) plays the role of a clown who is part of a small traveling circus (they perform in the aquarium for a short period of time) and who gets on well with Dafu, leading to a close friendship between them. Though Dafu struggles to learn many basic tasks, Sam perseveres in teaching his son the tasks that he will need to know how to perform himself once his father dies. Though Sam never gave up teaching and explaining things to Dafu in a positive and supportive and memorable manner, he did contemplate ending his and Dafu's existence together rather than leave his child to suffer without him. Sam, at this point had yet to tell anyone how far his health had deteriorated, until one day while returning from their hometown, his neighbor tells Sam his doctor came from the city with bags of free medicine and waited two hours for him. Meanwhile, Principal Liu, of the boarding school for mentally challenged children that Dafu attended as a child, recommends Dafu to a newly opened institution where he can stay after his father dies. Dafu continues learning, though Sam must move into the institution with him to help him adjust. Ling Ling, knowing that she is about to have to leave with her circus, teaches Dafu to pick up the phone in the aquarium when he hears it, and she will talk to him. Ling Ling leaves with her circus. Sam, for the first time in the movie, swims in the aquarium with his son, dressed in a sea turtle costume he made by hand, telling his son not to be afraid when he is gone; he will be like the turtles in the aquarium, always swimming close by with him. He almost drowns but is helped from water by Mr. Tang and while they chat, Sam reveals his wife's death might not have been an accident as she was a very good swimmer and they had recently found out Dafu is autistic. Sam doesn't blame her for not being able to handle their son's circumstances. There was only one instance in which Sam loses his composure with Dafu, while he is nearing the end, and still working and trying to teach his son how to do his job, Dafu is distracted and Sam yells at him. Less than a moment later and Sam is already mending fences and reassuring his son. Sam eventually dies, and his funeral is attended by close friends and family. Dafu waves good bye to the sky/Sam, as it seems he has learned people live there, something Ling Ling explained to him earlier when she spoke of her grandmother with him before she left town. After the funeral, Dafu is seen doing some of the things that his father struggled so much to teach him with success. He cooks by himself, knows how to ride the bus, and picks up the phone when Ling Ling calls, and working at the ocean park, a place Mr. has opened the doors for Dafu at any time of the day. It is implied that from then on, Dafu will know how to lead his life on his own, though he still has Sam's old friends helping him along the way.
The Playboys	American	drama	Gillies MacKinnon	In a small Irish village in 1957, Tara Maguire, a young resolute woman, is the talk of the town because she is having a baby out of wedlock, and refuses to name the father. During Sunday mass she goes into labour giving birth to a baby boy. Sergeant Brendan Hegarty, the local police officer of An Garda Síochána, and Mick, a local landowner, vie for Tara's hand in marriage, but she refuses them both. Mick loses his cattle and facing economical ruin commits suicide. People in town blame his death on Tara's rejection. The local priest, Father Malone, attempts to compel Tara to marry the constable before another tragedy takes place. But Tara is not in love with the solemn and older Sgt. Hegarty, a reformed alcoholic, who hides the fury of his unrequited love for Tara in his devotion for her. He carves a cradle for the baby, but Tara vehemently refuses the gift and his attentions. The beautiful and strong willed Tara lives with her sister Brigid and is determined to make it on her own. She supplements her income as a dressmaker, raising chickens in her garden and smuggling goods from the nearby border with Northern Ireland. However even in this she has to face Hegarty who discovers her secret illegal dealings while riding his bicycle at night looking for smugglers on the roads. The arrival of a shabby troupe of travelling actors called the Playboys, stirs the town. Tara surprises Tom, one of the actors, stealing one of her chickens. He has to pay for it, but he is smitten with her beauty and her character. They flirt and spar around the village, all under the resentful eye of the constable. The Playboys are a success in the sleepy village and the tent is full when the show starts at night. One of their numbers with female dancers lifting their skirts causes a furious response from Father Malone, who has another opinion of what is wholesome entertainment. The actors are forced to switch to staging Othello. A blind woman gets so excited during a show that she suddenly regains her vision. Not only do the group of actors have to deal with discord when the time to share the dividends comes, but the recent arrival of television threatens the survival of their art. The romance between Tara and Tom grows slowly over the few days the theatrical company is in the village. Her past has made her suspicious of men, and Hegarty's intrusions provide an added obstacle. He tells her that Tom is a liar who already has a wife, which turn out not to be true. Hegarty confronts Tom and tells him that he is the father of the baby, but Tara assures him that not only she does not have any feelings for the constable but that the baby was conceived on a lonely night without deep feeling involved on her part. One of the actors is involved with the IRA and has smuggled some explosives. When the explosives are accidentally discovered by Hegarty he blames his rival. Tom is framed as an IRA man, but he breaks out of jail with Tara's help. When Gone With the Wind plays at the local cinema, the actors stage an instant, improvised knock-off of it, with Atlanta burning while Tom struggles with his lines in the role of Rhett Butler. Comically, Fred (Milo O'Shea) has to take the role of Mammy. During the show the triangle between Tara, Tom and Sergeant Hegarty comes to a boiling point. The performance is interrupted by the frantic Brigid. Hegarty, drunk, has taken the baby. He comes to the tent, drunk, but gives the baby back to Tara. There is a confrontation between Tom and the Sergeant, but the Sergeant painfully loses in a public fist fight with Tom. Even after this defeat, he trashes the tent. The next day the time for the playboys to leave has come. Hegarty, now jobless and in civilian clothes, also leaves the town for good. Tom is happily surprised when Tara decides to join the group with her baby and share a life together, perhaps in the end to take on a new life with Tom in America.
The Girl on a Motorcycle	British	drama	Jack Cardiff	Newly married Rebecca leaves her husband's Alsatian bed on her prized motorbike—her symbol of freedom and escape—to visit Daniel, her lover in Heidelberg. En route, she indulges in psychedelic and erotic reveries as she relives her changing relationship with the two men, before crashing into a truck at the end.
Of Mice and Men	American	drama	Gary Sinise	During the Great Depression, the quick-witted George Milton (Gary Sinise) looks after his physically strong yet mentally disabled companion Lennie Small (John Malkovich). The two are fleeing from their previous employment as workmen in Weed, California where Lennie was accused of attempted rape when he touched and held onto a young woman (Moira Harris) and her red dress, prompted by his love of stroking soft things. George and Lennie escape and travel to Soledad, which is near the ranch where they have work. While walking, George catches Lennie petting a dead mouse that he had accidentally killed. Despite Lennie's pleas to keep the dead mouse, George forcibly takes the mouse and throws it away, which causes Lennie to cry. George tries to explain to Lennie that he did so because the mouse wasn't fresh, and that if he were to find another, fresher mouse, he could pet that one for a while. Lennny, sobbing hysterically, states that there is no other mouse. As they camp that evening, Lennie asks George to tell him again about their dream, as he has numerous times, and George reluctantly agrees. George describes how the two will one day have their own piece of land, and how Lennie will tend (and pet) their rabbits. George adds, if Lennie should ever get in trouble, he is to return to the brush and wait for him. The following day, the two arrive to work at Tyler Ranch. The ranch Boss (Noble Willingham) becomes suspicious of Lennie's mental condition when Lennie talks, forgetting to keep silent as George had instructed him. In order not to be fired, George lies to the Boss, telling him Lennie is his cousin and that he was kicked in the head by a horse when he was a child. At the bunkhouse, George and Lennie befriend an aged, one-handed ranch-hand, Candy (Ray Walston). However, they take an instant dislike to the Boss' son, Curley (Casey Siemaszko), who hates people who are bigger than him. Lennie then becomes instantly attracted to Curley's seductive wife (Sherilyn Fenn), who comes into the bunkhouse to flirt with Lennie and George. George, aware that Curley's wife will bring trouble upon the men due to her sexual allure and persistent flirting, strictly instructs Lennie to keep away and not to look at her. While at a barn waiting for Crooks (Joe Morton), an educated and intelligent black man who is bitter and isolated because of his race, George is discovered by Curley's Wife, who attempts to engage in a conversation. However, the attempt is interrupted when Curley enters the barn and confronts George, who threatens to beat him to a pulp and have him fired if he catches him fraternizing with his wife again. George is introduced to his work team, Slim (John Terry), the head of the team, who is greatly respected, and Carlson. When Carlson suggests they shoot Candy's old dog and get Slim to give him one of his pups, Lennie gets excited and asks George for a pup. After a hard day's work, George is proud of Lennie's work load and gets Lennie his puppy. Later, after Carlson kills his dog, Candy offers to pitch in with Lennie and George so they can buy the farm. Just as it seems that the dream is moving closer to reality, Curley comes by and accuses Slim of keeping his wife company as the workers mock Curley back. Curley spots Lennie laughing unintentionally, and he punches him repeatedly, yelling at him to fight back. The other men yell at Curley and encourage Lennie to fight. Lennie grabs Curley's hand and crushes it in his iron grip. George fears for his and Lennie's jobs on the ranch, but Slim gives Curley an ultimatum: Curley tells people his hand was just caught in a machine; if Curley tries to get George and Lennie sacked, Slim will tell everyone how Curley's hand really got crushed, and everyone will laugh at him. Curley, concerned for his reputation, reluctantly agrees to keep quiet. The next day, Lennie and Crooks talk about being lonely, after which Curley's wife again attempts unsuccessfully to engage in conversation, now aware of what really happened to Lennie. Having reached the limit of her patience, the emotionally frustrated wife vows to leave the ranch forever, running to the house in tears. In the barn that evening, Lennie has accidentally killed his puppy and is greatly upset. Curley's wife enters and tries to speak to him, admitting she is lonely and how her dreams of becoming a movie star were crushed, revealing the reason she flirts with the ranch hands. After finding out about Lennie's love of petting soft things, she lets him stroke her hair, but she soon complains and screams because he is pulling too hard. Lennie tries to keep her quiet but accidentally breaks her neck in the process. Realizing he's in trouble, he runs to the brush as George told him to do. Candy finds Curley's wife dead and informs George, and the two realize their dream will never happen. Curley leads a mob which chases after Lennie intending to lynch him. George finds Lennie first and, wanting to spare him a violent and painful death at the hands of the mob, calms Lennie by retelling their dream. As George gets to the part where Lennie gets to tend the rabbits, he shoots Lennie in the back of the head. George then rides in a boxcar, heading South, remembering their old dream and his memories of Lennie.
The Crossing Guard	American	drama	Sean Penn	Freddy Gale (Nicholson) has been tormented for the five years following the death of his daughter Emily. Once a devoted husband and father, he is now an alcoholic who spends his nights hanging out in strip clubs and sleeping with prostitutes. Now the drunk driver who killed her, John Booth (Morse), is released from prison. Freddy immediately reveals to his ex-wife Mary (Huston) that he is going to kill Booth. She begs him not to, and they get into an altercation that ends with her new husband throwing him out of the house. John Booth is now living in a trailer outside of his parents' house and merely plans to go on with his life, even as he is haunted by remorse for killing Emily. At night Freddy arrives at the Booth residence, armed with a pistol. He clumsily breaks into the trailer trying to shoot, but he forgot to load a magazine. John calmly tells him he won't call the police and will let Freddy kill him, but asks for some time to savor his freedom. Freddy accepts, and gives John three days to live. John tries to live his life as best as he can before the third day arrives. He meets an artist named JoJo (Wright) at a friend's party and he has a brief romance with her before she realizes that he can't let go of the mistake he made. He reveals to her that when he hit Emily, he came to her side as she was dying and she apologized to him for not having looked both ways. Freddy goes to Emily's grave and leaves flowers, but leaves when he sees Mary there. On the third day, Freddy calls Mary and breaks down in tears as he tells her of a terrible nightmare he had. In the nightmare, he is driving by his daughter's school and stops at a crosswalk where children (including a living Emily) wait. He sees that John Booth is the crossing guard. Freddy then sees himself run over all of the children, even Emily. They meet at a diner, and Mary tells him that he is beyond her help; Freddy becomes enraged and curses her. After Mary leaves, Freddy gets drunk and starts to drive to John's house. John waits in his trailer armed with a shotgun. Freddy is pulled over by the police en route to the house and arrested for drunk driving. Before the police can take him in, however, Freddy grabs his gun and runs away. He breaks into a home and hides in a little girl's room. The girl guides the police away, and Freddy thanks her and leaves. Freddy arrives at John's trailer and waits before he enters. John abruptly jumps from a corner with a rifle in hand. Freddy tells him since he is on the run, on his property, and armed, John should be able to get away with killing him. There is a standoff as they point guns at each other. John however drops his gun and runs away; Freddy follows him. After a lengthy chase across the city, Freddy catches John climbing a fence and fires at him. John is only superficially wounded, however, and continues running. Freddy follows him, until he realizes that John has led him to a graveyard where Emily is buried. John talks silently to the grave and finally says Your daddy's coming. Freddy gives John the gun and cries over the grave, apologizing to his daughter. John takes Freddy's hand as the sun rises.
Rocket, TheThe Rocket	Australian	drama	Kim Mordaunt	In the Laos mountains, a woman named Mali (Alice Keohavong) gives birth to twins, of which one survives. Her husband's mother, Taitok (Bunsri Yindi) says that the one living child must also die, because one twin is blessed while the other is cursed. Believing her only living twin son to be blessed, Mali refuses to kill it, and so she and Taitok keep it a secret from her husband, Toma (Sumrit Warin). Seven years later, the living twin named Ahlo (Sitthiphon Disamoe) learns that a second dam is being built, so Toma takes Ahlo to see the dam, where it's revealed in a presentation video that the people of Ahlo's village will have to be relocated due to the valley they live in will be flooded between the two dams. So Ahlo and his family move through the woods while taking his boat with them. With the help of a ploughing buffalo, they manage to get the boat half way up the hill, only for the ropes to snap, sending the boat crashing into Mali, killing her. Furious, Taitok reveals to Toma that Ahlo is a twin and that he should have died. After burying Mali, Ahlo and his family ride a bus to their new village, which Taitok doesn't much like due to the running water and electricity that replaces their traditions. There, Ahlo meets a girl named Kia (Loungnam Kaosainam), who had lost her family and now lives with her uncle, Purple (Suthep Po-ngam), who is a fan of James Brown. Kia shows Ahlo soft land for him to grow mangoes on, which he wishes to do in honour of his mother, but Toma tells Ahlo to no longer speak to them, making Ahlo destroy Toma's model house out of anger. He then visits Kia and Purple again and learns that all the electricity that was promised to the people are being used by the hydro bosses. The following night, Ahlo sneaks out and attempts to get electricity for the people by hooking up some cables to the main power source, but being the cursed twin, he ends up causing a blackout for everyone else except for Kia and Purple, who have electricity for their television set. The next day, Ahlo tells Kia about his tribe's tradition about being a cursed twin. When he accidentally desecrates a sacred shrine, Ahlo, Toma and Taitko have their house and belongings burnt in retaliation. Along with Kia and Purple, they all sneak out of the village in a cart filled with undetonated bombs from the war or UXO. They all journey for days and eventually arrive at Purple's village, they call Paradise, with no other inhabitants. Ahlo and Kia run off into the bushes to play, but Ahlo almost sets off a bombie in the event of smashing fruit that Kia threw to him. Toma proposes moving again due to the land being surrounded by these dangerous bombs (which explains why there are no other inhabitants). While journeying for yet another home, Ahlo and company cross paths with a parade of travelers, where he hears an announcer mention a rocket competition that gives out cash prizes. While settling down, they are met by the village chief who tells them that the purpose of the contest is to launch them into the clouds in which they'll explode and produce rain. Believing this could break his curse, Ahlo announces his intentions to build a rocket and enter the contest to earn the money for them to buy a new home, but Toma and Taitko won't allow him, due to his bad luck. Ahlo nevertheless still decides to build his own rocket and runs off. While walking through the woods in search of things to build his rocket with, Ahlo comes across another unexploded bomb, but its hard casing proves to be usable for a rocket, but blows up seconds after Ahlo hits it with a rock; he survives. Later, Ahlo manages to get Purple to help him build the rocket. Purple takes Ahlo to a bat cave to collect bat droppings that, according to Purple, can be used for blasting up the rocket. Inside the cave, Ahlo comes across a woman who considers him to be an evil spirit, causing him to run out of the cave screaming. The rocket festival begins the next day. While some people are launching their rockets, Ahlo is still in the woods trying to put his together. He grinds the bat droppings into powder, but tests it out on a few mini rockets, to no avail, so Ahlo tries urinating on the bat dropping powder (advised by Purple, who said that can make it work better). In the contest, Toma launches his rocket, named Lucky, but lets go of it too soon and launches it poorly. A champion rocket named The Million is launched afterwards which successfully reaches the clouds. Ahlo brings his rocket in, which he calls The Bat, but the announcer tells him that kids aren't allowed to launch. Ahlo asks Toma to launch it, but Taitko doesn't allow him to, believing that The Bat will blow everyone up because of Ahlo's bad luck. Nobody else volunteers to do so and Ahlo then runs off. Toma decides to launch it anyway. Kia catches up to Ahlo and tells him what his father is doing, and so he runs back to the contest, thinking the rocket will kill Toma, and shouts his apology over the loud roaring of the rocket. The Bat is launched properly this time and it reaches the clouds. The Bat then surprisingly explodes inside the cloud, causing it to rain. Ahlo wins 10 million kip and is now no longer considered cursed.
Pressure	British	drama	Horace Ové	Anthony is a British, black teenager named who goes by the nickname of Tony. Tony was born and raised in Britain while the rest of his family — his mother, father, and older brother — were born in Trinidad in the Caribbean. This affects the family members' viewpoints about the society they live in. Tony’s mother says they, as blacks, must work hard, mind their business and respect white people’s laws because the whites have the power. The film shows how the older generations are satisfied with living in a society ruled by the white English, which differs from the views of the younger generation. There is a disconnect between the way Tony feels about Britain and the way that his family feels, specifically his brother. Tony’s brother is active in the black power movement and is constantly discussing how blacks are treated as second-class citizens who are faced with racism in an unjust societal system. He stresses the idea of a collective effort on behalf of the blacks, as black encompasses their culture and consciousness and they must spread this consciousness. He emphasises how blacks must organise politically to deal with the situation themselves, since the government is not on their side. Tony tries to assimilate into the white-dominated society that surrounds him as well as fit in with his own family and their traditions. However, as Tony tries to assimilate and maintain his faith in a British society where he can progress, he is continuously faced with obstacles. Tony goes dancing with a white friend and then goes back to her apartment, and a white adult screams that if he does not leave she will call the police, and that the white girl should feel ashamed for bringing back a black boy. When Tony attends one of his brother’s meetings, he sees the mistreatment of blacks firsthand. Police enter the meeting forcefully and with no warrant or reason, arresting and beating up the blacks. Then, police tear apart Tony’s family’s home, searching for non-existent drugs. In addition to this, throughout the film, Tony cannot find a job that matches his educational qualifications. Events like these bring to light the forces of oppression and lead to Tony’s disillusionment with a just English society. Tony also struggles with his identity, as a black child born in England to West-Indian parents. He has a difficult time relating to his brother who was not born in Europe, while he also cannot relate to his white friends, who do not share his obstacles in England. Tony’s brother feels that all whites are evil. Tony comes to his own conclusions based on his experiences, declaring that many white people are in the same position that they, as blacks, are in, since only a handful of white people hold all the power. These whites just do not realise they are in the same position as the blacks.
Threesome	American	drama	Andrew Fleming	Due to an administrative error two male college students, the shy and intellectual Eddy (Josh Charles) and the All-American jock Stuart (Stephen Baldwin), end up with a female roommate. The university thought that Alex (Lara Flynn Boyle) was a man (based on her name) and thus the three students are forced to live with each other until the university can move Alex to a female residence hall. Alex falls in love and tries unsuccessfully to seduce Eddy (who is gay); Eddy falls in love with Stuart; and Stuart is in love with Alex. The trio become good friends and scare off anyone who tries to seduce the other. Eventually, Alex, Stuart and Eddy agree to have an actual threesome that seems to destroy the friendship, and raises the possibility that Alex might have become pregnant. After the threesome, they start to drift apart. Three weeks later the semester ends; Alex moves to an apartment, and Eddy gets a single dorm. Eddy (who acts as the film's narrator) eventually finds a boyfriend, Stuart finds happiness in a monogamous relationship with a woman, and Alex remains single. While they now only see each other for lunch occasionally, they do not seem to regret the friendship they had while in college.
Charulata	Bengali	drama	Satyajit Ray	Charulata is based on a story by Rabindranath Tagore, Nastanirh (The broken Nest) and set in Calcutta in the late nineteenth century. Bengal Renaissance is at its peak and India is under the British rule. The film revolves around Charulata / Charu (Madhabi Mukherjee), the childless, intelligent and beautiful wife of Bhupati (Sailen Mukherjee). He edits and publishes a political newspaper. Bhupati is an upper class Bengali intellectual with a keen interest in politics and the freedom movement. Charu is interested in the arts, literature and poetry. Though Bhupati loves his wife, he has no time for her. She has little to do in the house run by a fleet of servants. Sensing her boredom, Bhupati invites Charu's elder brother Umapada and wife Manda to live with them. Umapada helps in running of the magazine and the printing press. Manda with her silly and crude ways is no company for the sensitive and intelligent Charulata. Amal (Soumitra Chatterjee), Bhupati's younger cousin comes on a visit. Bhupati asks him to encourage Charu's cultural interests. Amal is young, handsome and is of the same age group as Charu. He has literary ambitions and shares her interests in poetry. He provides her with much needed intellectual companionship and attention. An intimate relationship develops between Charulata and Amal. There is a hint of rivalry when she publishes a short story on her own without his knowledge. He realizes that Charulata is in love with him but is reluctant to reciprocate due to the guilt involved. Meanwhile, Charu's brother and sister-in-law who were guests in the house swindle Bhupati of his money and run away. It destroys Bhupati's newspaper and the press. The episode shatters Bhupati who admits his hurt to Amal. He tells Amal that now Amal is the only one he can trust. Amal is overcome with guilt of betraying his cousin. He is also uncomfortable with Charu's higher intellect that he has helped nurture. He leaves unannounced, to marry and go away to England for higher studies. He leaves behind a letter to Charu. Charu is heartbroken but hides her disappointment. Bhupati accidentally enters her room and finds her crying over Amal. Bhupati realizes Charu's feelings for Amal. He is broken, shocked and bewildered by it. He rushes out of the house, wanders aimlessly in his carriage. On his return, Charu and Bhupati make a hesitant gesture to reach out, but their extended hands remain frozen in a tentative gesture.
Beretta's Island	American	drama	Michael Preece	A retired Interpol officer tries to bring down the drug lord who killed his friend and threatens an entire village on the island of Sardinia. Franco Columbu is a former Mr. Olympia and Arnold Schwarzenegger plays an old weight-training friend.
Cadence	American	drama	Martin Sheen	Franklin Bean (Charlie Sheen) is shown in flashback with his father, a postal worker at his high school. His poor performance is attributed to a lack of discipline which a school officials assures the elder Bean can be fixed with a stint in the Army. Then, in present day, PFC Bean is attending his father's funeral before returning to his duty station in Germany. In his state of grief he gets drunk, punches an MP and breaks through a plate-glass window in a local bar. Bean's army lawyer secures a plea deal, struck by his attorney Captain Ramon Garcia (Abraham), in lieu of a court martial which involves him removing unauthorized tattoos from his hands (obtained during his drunken rampage), paying for a broken window and serving 90 days in the camp stockade. He is met at the gates by a decorated Korean War veteran Master Sergeant named Otis McKinney (Martin Sheen). McKinney explains that the stockade is fairly small and, as a result, he is in complete charge of the compound while being supported by two guards; Corporals Harold Lamar and Gerald Gessner. Bean finds a sympathetic ear in stockade guard Corporal Lamar after learning he is just as afraid of McKinney and only serving his own time. Gessner is a somewhat spineless lackey to McKinney whom he clearly admires and respects. Bean is introduced to his fellow prisoners, all of them black and led by section leader Roosevelt Stokes (Fishburne). Stokes is serving an unspecified sentence for larceny and, despite his conviction, apparently retains his rank of Corporal. Bean resists McKinney by refusing to refer to him as sergeant and refusing most military customs and courtesies. The prisoner detail is regularly trucked to a nearby farm where they perform manual labor such as digging ditches and building fences. While there, Bean becomes obsessed with a nonfunctional and off-limits windmill. He requests permission to repair the windmill from MSgt McKinney through Corporal Lamar but his request is denied. Bean submits a written request to the commanding officer, secretly bypassing McKinney by passing his request through Lamar, who grants him permission to work on the windmill only during meal breaks. Bean challenges fellow inmate Webb, a Harlem born boxer, to a pickup game of basketball after suffering a humiliating loss to him in a fist fight which was initiated after Bean accused Webb of stealing his gold zippo lighter. Bean agrees to pay Webb $10 if he loses and Webb agrees to help Bean with his windmill project if Bean wins. Bean wins the game and begins building trust and credibility among the other prisoners. Bean begins to connect with the others and learns of some of their crimes. He soon shares a bunk with Bryce (Mankuma), who was convicted of murder despite his pleas to the contrary. Bryce advises that he expects his appeal to fail and to eventually be shipped out of the stockade to be hanged. Lawrence (Toles-Bey), a fellow prisoner who harbors sympathetic views toward the Nation of Islam, reveals that he was convicted of rape and sentenced to seven years though he denies his crime. Among the prisoners is also the largely silent Harry Sweetbread Crane (Stewart) who is an inspiring vocalist who sings at church services and leads the prisoners' soulful marching cadence. In the meantime, McKinney becomes increasingly irritated with Bean's refusal to submit to his authority. It is revealed that he is estranged from his son, whom he states is roughly Bean's age. When McKinney calls his presumably ex-wife on his birthday hoping to speak to his son he is told that his son is unavailable sending McKinney into a drunken bender in the enlisted club. In the middle of the night he tries to break into the prisoner compound to confront Bean while yelling challenges to him. The noise rouses both Lamar and Gessner. Lamar threatens to arrest McKinney and refuses to comply with his order to open the gates. Gessner, however, makes a move to comply but is stopped by Lamar. A fellow sergeant and friend of McKinney arrives on the scene and is warned by Lamar that he will arrest McKinney unless he takes him away immediately and gets him to bed. During a Sunday visit with a friend from his unit, Bean is informed that they are being sent to Vietnam and that he will likely join them there after he is released from the stockade. McKinney decides to try a nicer tact with Bean and invites him to his office to talk through their differences while plying him with chocolates, which Bean refuses. Bean states that McKinney is a bully and he hates everything he stands for. McKinney dismisses him and is visibly angry. The next day, while Bean and Webb are nearly finished with the windmill repair, McKinney arrives on the scene with a written order from a Colonel in the Army Corps of Engineers to cease all work on the windmill and placing it off limits for all personnel. When McKinney isn't present Webb and Bean return to the windmill to activate it despite the loud protestations from Gessner. In the middle of a rainy night McKinney arrives at the prisoner barracks in rain gear and a combat helmet while holding a rifle. He orders the prisoners into the yard and summons Gessner. He writes up all of the prisoners, and Gessner, for appearing in formation out of uniform as they are all still in their underwear. He orders the men into the back of a deuce-and-a-half and orders Gessner to drive them to the farm where they normally work. Upon arrival he dismisses Gessner and orders him back to his quarters. When Gessner questions the order, McKinney strikes him sending him face down into the mud. He departs and McKinney begins to march the prisoners in the deep mud quickly finding that he is unable to keep up with the younger men in the harsh conditions. He orders the prisoners into formation, throws the ammunition clip from his rifle behind him, and tells the men they should run to escape. He then draws his service pistol and begins firing toward the men while shouting incoherently. Sweetbread Crane begins wandering toward the windmill and climbing it. McKinney scrambles for his clip, murmuring help me as he tries to load his rifle. All the while the prisoners plead with Sweetbread to return and explain to McKinney that he has a tendency to wander off and isn't trying to escape. Sweetbread climbs down from the windmill and begins moving toward McKinney. Bean leaps toward him to try to protect him from McKinney's rifle fire but Sweetbread is struck in the head. Bean removes his shirt to try to stop the bleeding as the other prisoners subdue McKinney but the wound is fatal. It is revealed that the remainder of Bean's sentence has been commuted by the commanding officer. McKinney is court-martialed for the shooting of Crane and is represented by Captain Garcia. Stokes testifies against McKinney and whispers to Bean, as he leaves the witness stand, that they have McKinney on the gallows. Garcia elicits from Bean the testimony that McKinney said help me as he was loading his weapon. He argues that it couldn't possibly have been a muttering to himself as Bean would not have heard it from his distance and that this was actually a call for the prisoners to assist him with Crane. This, he argues, constitutes a warning shot and that the killing was lawful. McKinney is presumably cleared, though it is never explicitly stated. Garcia confronts Bean after the proceedings smiling as he tells Bean that he had no choice but to tell the truth otherwise he would have committed perjury. He then assures Bean that he knows how he feels. Bean replies No sir, you don't before saluting and attempting to visit the prisoners. Lamar informs him that they don't want to meet with him though he leaves gifts which Lamar promises to convey. Bean visits McKinney, who despite his acquittal is committed to the base psychiatric unit. McKinney sits motionless in his room in a state of undress and refuses to speak to Bean. When Bean attempts to initiate conversation, McKinney slowly turns in his chair to face away from him. As Bean prepares to leave camp to ship to Vietnam to join his unit, he makes peace with Gessner and receives best wishes from Lamar as they march the prisoners. Webb breaks ranks and tosses the stolen lighter to Bean advising him to stick close to the brothers in Vietnam and they'll keep him safe. The prisoners then call the chain gang cadence that Sweetbread used to call, turning to face Bean in an apparent reconciliation. Bean tearfully joins in the movements and cadence while observing the formation before saluting the men and departing for Vietnam.
Hindle Wakes	British	drama	Arthur Crabtree	Lancashire mill-girls Jenny Hawthorne (Daniely) and Mary Hollins (Sandra Dome) go on holiday to Blackpool during the annual wakes week in their hometown of Hindle. They run into Alan Jeffcote (Worth), the son of the owner of the mill in which they work, who has also traveled to Blackpool with a group of friends while his fiancée is detained on business in London. Jenny and Alan hit it off immediately, and he persuades her to leave Blackpool to spend the week with him at Llandudno in North Wales. To cover her tracks, Jenny leaves a postcard with Mary, asking her to send it to her parents (Leslie Dwyer and Joan Hickson) later in the week. She and Alan leave their friends and set off for Wales. Shortly afterwards, Mary is involved in a serious boating accident and is killed. Her possessions are returned to Hindle and the unmailed postcard is found in her luggage. Jenny's parents are already suspicious and concerned by the fact that Jenny has not returned to Hindle as they would have expected in view of such a tragic turn to her holiday, and the discovery of the postcard increases their fears. Jenny returns at the end of the week. Her parents ask about her holiday, and allow her to dig a hole for herself as her fictitious account shows she is unaware of Mary's death and has clearly not spent the week in Blackpool. When confronted with the truth, Jenny admits to where she has been, and with whom, and defiantly refuses to be made to feel guilty or immoral. The Hawthornes decide that they will have to confront the Jeffcotes (Ronald Adam and Mary Clare) with their son's unacceptable behaviour. Mrs. Hawthorne's anger is tempered by the fact that she believes the situation may be turned to financial advantage. Hawthorne feels some trepidation, as he and Jeffcote have been friends since childhood and have remained on good terms despite Jeffcote's rise to social prominence. To the surprise of the Hawthornes, Jeffcote agrees that in the circumstances Alan must be made to marry Jenny to prevent a scandal. Mrs. Jeffcote is less convinced, anticipating the ruin of Alan's reputation and business prospects. A meeting is convened between all the interested parties. Jenny and Alan remain silent while their parents try to thrash out suitable arrangements, and Mrs. Hawthorne and Mrs. Jeffcote become involved in an undignified shouting match. Jenny and Alan leave to talk alone. She tells him that she has no designs on his money and has no interest in marrying him. She then announces her decision to the incredulous parents, adding that Alan was no more to blame than she was, for both of them it was just a little fling about which neither need feel guilty, and that a woman has just as much right as a man to enjoy a brief sexual flirtation with no strings attached. Alan returns to his fiancée, while Jenny confidently leaves home and her mother's fury for an independent life without interference.
Woman to Woman	British	drama	Victor Saville	During the First World War, a British officer - David Compton (George Barraud) - on leave from the trenches in Paris falls in love with and has a liaison of three days with a French performing artist: Deloryse/Lola (Betty Compson). He proposes to her and tells her to get ready for the wedding in an hour. He rushes to search for the English church. On the way he meets his superior, who tells him that he has to report immediately, they have to leave Paris. He doesn't even have the time to see his fiancé again. After returning to fight on the front, he suffers from shellshock and forgets everything that happened in the last four years. After recovering he goes back to his wealthy life of rich industrialist, marries a British Socialite, with whom he runs entirely separate lives. She is the one to invite Deloryse to London to dance on one of her charity events. While dancing and singing on the stage she sees him in a loge. During her second number, where she sings the same song of when he met her in Paris, he finally has a flash back of the song and the singer. After the performance he sends her a notice that he wants to see her. She's very excited, but when Doctor Gavron (Winter Hall) comes to see her, he measures her pulse and tells her, that she has to give up the stage, as the strain might kill her, even if she dances once more. Then David comes. He meets her and his son Davey (Georgie Billings). But he is now married to a British Socialite: Vesta Compton (Juliette Compton), who never wanted children, to the big regret of her husband.[2] He tells his wife, that he wants to adopt a boy. She doesn't want't to know nothing about it. His wife tells him that she will never give him a divorce. Lola wants then to give his son to David's wife, as she understands that there is no future for her and David, but she refuses.Then David wants to stay with Lola and his son and take all the consequences. They want to leave for Paris that evening, as Davey has his birthday the next day. But Vesta comes to see Lola from woman to woman and to tell her, that she would ruin David socially, if she lives with him without having him divorced, She gives little David to bring him to his home. Afterwards she has a breakdown. Soon later she has to perform again for a charity event of Vesta Compton and visits her sleeping son a last time. When she dances and falls dead at the end, they find out she will never dance again, she dies.
The Wicked Lady	British	drama	Leslie Arliss	Caroline (Patricia Roc) invites her beautiful, green-eyed friend Barbara (Margaret Lockwood) to her upcoming wedding to wealthy landowner and local magistrate Sir Ralph Skelton (Griffith Jones). A scheming Barbara soon has Sir Ralph totally entranced. Caroline, wishing only his happiness, stands aside, and even allows Barbara to persuade her to be the maid of honour so as to lessen the scandal of the abrupt change of brides. At the wedding reception, Barbara meets a handsome stranger, Kit Locksby (Michael Rennie). It is love at first sight for both, but too late. Married life on a rural estate does not provide the new Lady Skelton with the excitement she expected and craves. A visit by her detested sister-in-law, Lady Henrietta Kingsclere (Enid Stamp-Taylor), and her husband (Francis Lister) does not lessen her boredom. Henrietta wins Barbara's jewels, including her most-prized possession, her late mother's ruby brooch, in a game of Ombre. A chance remark about the notorious highwayman Captain Jerry Jackson gives Barbara an idea. Masquerading as Jackson, Barbara holds up Henrietta's coach and takes her brooch (as well as the rest of Henrietta's jewellery). Intoxicated by the experience, she keeps on waylaying coaches, until one night, she and the real Captain Jackson (James Mason) target the same one. After they relieve the passengers of their valuables and ride away, Jackson is amused to find his competitor is a beautiful woman. They become lovers and partners in crime. Barbara learns of a valuable gold shipment from a former tenant farmer of Skelton's, Ned Cotterill (Emrys Jones), who is employed as one of the guards. Jackson is against the idea of stealing the gold, as the coach will have double the usual protection, but Barbara talks him into it. However, the robbery does not go smoothly. When Cotterill pursues them, Barbara aims for his horse, but ends up killing Cotterill. However, her conscience is not disturbed for long. Hogarth (Felix Aylmer), an aged family servant, finds out about Barbara's double life. However, his religious fervour to save her and her convincing lies about repenting keep him from revealing what he knows. Barbara tries to silence him with poison and, when that is not quick enough, smothers him. She then goes to visit Jackson after the prolonged absence caused by Hogarth, but finds him in bed with another woman. Infuriated, she anonymously betrays him to her husband. Jackson is captured and sentenced to be hanged. In London, Barbara goes to view the execution with Caroline, terrified that he will name her as his accomplice. However, he only mentions her indirectly before his hanging. When a riot breaks out afterward, the two ladies are rescued by none other than Kit, who turns out to be engaged to Caroline. The riot allows accomplices of Jackson to cut him down, and he survives the hanging. He breaks into Barbara's bedroom at the Skelton estate and rapes her. Fearful of Jackson, Barbara begs Kit to take her out of England to start a new life. He is sorely tempted, but determined to honour his obligation to Caroline, and Barbara decides to free herself of Ralph. She awaits her husband's coach with a loaded pistol. Jackson shows up to claim partnership in the caper, but when he learns what Barbara intends, it is too much even for him. He rides off to warn Skelton, but Barbara shoots and kills him. When the coach with Caroline, Ralph and Kit arrives, she hijacks it and attempts to shoot her husband; Kit shoots her first and she escapes on horseback. Mortally wounded, she flees back to her home, where Caroline finds her and ascertains the truth. Caroline sends Kit in alone to see the dying woman. At first, Barbara lies about how she was shot; however she cannot continue the deceit with her one true love. She confesses all and pleads with Kit to stay with her until the end, but he is too repulsed by the magnitude of her crimes. He leaves her to die alone. After her death, Caroline and Ralph reunite, determined to put the past behind them and live happily together.
Apna Desh	Bollywood	drama	Jambu	Akash is an honest and educated young man, employed by the Bombay Municipal Corporation as a clerk. He lives with his equally honest brother, his sister-in-law, a niece, Sharda and a nephew. Due to Akash's honesty, he becomes a liability to his corrupt superiors. One day, they find fault with his work, and dismiss him. When Akash attempts to assert himself legally, he finds that there is corruption everywhere. In retaliation, even his brother is implicated in a crime, and arrested. Now, Akash must come up with a way to clear his brother, as well as expose the wrong-doers.
Angels Wear White	Chinese	drama	Unknown	Mia (Vicky Chen), a teenager, works as a cleaner in a motel in a small seaside town. One night, while manning the reception for her co-worker Lili (Peng Jing), she witnesses an assault of two 12-year-old schoolgirls by a middle-aged man. Through the surveillance TV, she sees the man forces himself into the girls' room and records the whole incident with her hand phone. Mia keeps quiet for fear of losing her job. However, for one of the victims, Xiaowen (Zhou Meijun) realises that her troubles have only just begun. As Mia and Xiaowen find themselves in ever harrowing circumstances and nowhere to run, they have to work together to find their own way out.[2][3][4][5]
Kamla	Bollywood	drama	Jag Mundhra	Jaisingh Jadav (Marc Zuber), a Delhi-based journalist finds that even to this date, the flesh trade exists in a village in Madhya Pradesh, the victims being girls belonging to the Bhil tribe. Like any avid journalist, he travels to the village, followed by really buying a girl named Kamla (Deepti Naval) and takes her to his home in Delhi. As his intentions were good, some days later he holds a press conference where he reveals the actual wrongdoings going on in the village.[2]
Hard Eight	American	drama	Paul Thomas Anderson	Sydney, a gambler in his 60s, finds a young man, John, sitting forlornly outside a diner and offers to give him a cigarette and buy him a cup of coffee. Sydney learns that John is trying to find $6,000 to pay for his mother's funeral. He offers to drive John to Las Vegas and teach him how to make enough money gambling to survive. Although John is skeptical at first, he agrees to Sydney's proposal. Two years later, John, having won the money for the funeral and more, has become Sydney's protégé. John has a new friend named Jimmy, who does security work, and he is attracted to Clementine, a cocktail waitress in Reno. Sydney encounters Clementine and learns that she moonlights as a prostitute. Although Clementine believes that Sydney might want to sleep with her, Sydney actually wants to set her up with John. Sydney receives a frantic late-night phone call from John, summoning him to a motel. He arrives to find John and Clementine holding a hostage, who is a client of Clementine's who had refused to pay her $300. John reveals that he and Clementine had eloped. The tension is heightened because John and Clementine have called the hostage's wife to demand the money. They do not have a plan, and they have beaten the hostage badly. Sydney manages to calm the situation, advising John and Clementine to leave town and head to Niagara Falls for their honeymoon. After the two leave, Sydney cleans up the motel room to remove any evidence. He is then confronted by Jimmy, who threatens to tell John that Sydney had killed John's father, unless Sydney gives him $10,000. Sydney cannot pay that much, but gives him $6,000 instead, later sneaking into Jimmy's house, waiting for him to return and then shooting him. He returns to the diner where he met John. Sydney covers up blood on his shirt cuff.
Gideon's Day	British	drama	John Ford	The film follows a day in the life of Detective Chief Inspector George Gideon of the Metropolitan Police. His day starts when he received information that one of his officers has been taking bribes. Despite his hectic schedule, his wife reminds him his daughter has a violin recital that evening; she also tells him her aunt and uncle are coming for tea before the concert. This becomes a recurring theme throughout the film, as Gideon is continually hampered in his efforts to finish work and return home. On the way to Scotland Yard he drops his daughter off at the Royal College of Music, but is stopped by a young constable for running a red light. Once at his office, he calls in the detective whom a snout [i.e. informant] has told him is taking bribes and suspends him. Gideon then gets word that an escaped mental patient from Manchester is on his way to London. Meanwhile, an audacious gang is robbing payrolls. The mental patient is soon arrested, but not before he has killed the daughter of his former landlady. Gideon wants to congratulate personally the policeman who made the arrest, only to discover it's the same overzealous young officer who gave him a summons for his early morning traffic offence. Various jobs then preoccupy the chief inspector while his detectives continue to investigate the bribery case. News then arrives that the suspended policeman has been run down by a car - a vehicle that fits the description of one used in the earlier payroll jobs. After Gideon visits the dead officer's wife, evidence soon emerges that links the dead detective to a woman who went to clubs he frequented. Gideon goes to the address and discovers that the woman's husband was responsible for the robberies because he wanted the financial means to be a painter. The husband then tricks his wife into holding a gun on Gideon while he makes his escape. The detective uses his calm manner to defuse the situation. But before he can return home, the phone rings again. A safety deposit firm has been robbed by a gang of rich socialites who have been cornered inside. When the police finally draw them out, Gideon catches one of the gang himself. But he loses his temper when he finds out that the elderly night watchman was killed in cold blood by the man he arrested, telling him you'll hang for this, you rich nobody! Finally Gideon gets home. His wife tells him that their daughter has met a nice young man at her recital. It turns out it's the young constable again. He had been holding the chief inspector's concert ticket all day following their first encounter that morning. This led him to meet Gideon's daughter who is quite taken by the young man. But finally, just as they are all sitting down to supper, the phone rings one last time. A man believed to be Paul the Painter has been arrested at London Airport. The film concludes with a final irony. The young constable, who is driving Gideon to the airport, is stopped by another policeman as he races through the capital's foggy streets for running a red light!
 Ali's Wedding	Australian	drama	Jeffrey Walker	After a reckless lie sets off a catastrophic chain of events, Ali (Osamah Sami), son of a Muslim cleric (Don Hany), finds himself caught between his sense of duty and following his heart – to follow through with his arranged marriage, or be with the girl he loves.[5]
Lowriders	American	drama	Ricardo de Montreuil	A contemporary tale about a teen whose loyalties are tested when an annual lowrider event forces him to choose between his father and his criminal brother.
Wakefield	American	drama	Robin Swicord	The story is told from the point of view of Howard Wakefield, through narration that reveals his evolving emotional state. A successful attorney in New York City, he is unhappy in his marriage of 15 years to Diana, a beautiful art curator and former dancer. They used to use flirtation with other people to add excitement to their sex life, but she soon begins to resent it. One night, Howard returns home late from his commute by train and is distracted by a raccoon he sees entering his garage, which is detached from the house. He chases the raccoon into the garage's attic, where he realizes he has a perfect view into his home, where his wife and two daughters, Taylor and Giselle, are eating dinner. He ignores calls from his wife and is amused at her clear annoyance, but is insulted when she angrily throws his plate of dinner away instead of saving it for him. To avoid a fight, he decides to wait a bit to go into the house, but he ends up falling asleep. The next morning, Howard realizes Diana will never believe his story of spending the night in the garage and will insist he was having an affair, so he plans to wait for her to leave for work before going in. Instead, he is shocked when, after finding his car still in the garage, she calls the police to report him missing. Howard feels bad when he sees Diana cry, but before he can go inside, his overbearing mother-in-law, Babs, shows up to comfort her. Babs appears to be saying that Howard has run off while Diana apparently defends him, showing her there is no evidence he has taken any money. Diana then leaves for work and Howard finally goes inside and showers, planning to just deal with the fallout of his absence, before he starts resenting the idea that his wife would still go to work after his disappearance. It then dawns on him that his disappearance is probably a relief to her, and that she probably thinks that she married the wrong man. He cleans up any evidence that he was inside the house, grabs some food from the pantry and returns to the garage. Howard is overjoyed with abandoning all his responsibilities and amused that people would surely suspect his wife's involvement in his disappearance, just as he is amused at seeing her tackle the chores that used to be his responsibility. He feels unshackled and free as he spends his time doing puzzles, reading and observing his family and their neighbors. He also happily realizes that he is seeing more of his daughters' lives than he did before. For the first few days, he continues to sneak food and amenities from his house. He soon realizes that he no longer cares about having clients and being freshly showered and shaved, and vows not to take anything from his old life or spend the money he has in his wallet. He begins foraging each night through the trash and showers in the backyard bathroom built by his neighbor, Dr. Sondervan, who runs a small home for mentally disabled youth. As months go by and he grows a beard and long hair, Howard is free to walk about town during the day, where people dismiss him as homeless. The only people who discover his presence are Herbert and Emily, two of Dr. Sondervan's residents, who follow him back to the attic one day. He reflects on the beginning of his relationship with Diana, whom he met when she was dating his best friend Dirk Morrison, an extremely competitive Wall Street trader. Through manipulation and dishonesty, Howard managed to take Diana away from Dirk, and as he thinks back, Howard wonders if he ever truly loved her. Nevertheless, he realizes that by simply disappearing, he has the upper hand in controlling her love life. If he had just divorced her, she would be free to date other men, but while he is missing under mysterious circumstances, she can't easily move on to another man. As summer turns into fall, Howard no longer basks in his freedom but instead feels like he has become a prisoner of his choices. He has an epiphany and realizes that the old Howard had been a selfish, jealous and resentful husband and father, who made himself out to be a victim. While he feels happy to be free from himself, he also feels that his family is happier without him. He also realizes that he has never loved Diana more and one day, he walks out onto the sidewalk, but Diana doesn't recognize him. Diana appears to be developing a romantic relationship, and Howard is stunned when he sees it is with Dirk Morrison. Howard surmises that Dirk would have probably told Diana the lies he had said that broke them up years ago. He decides to give Diana an honest chance this time to pick with whom she wants to be. After getting himself cleaned up and buying a new suit, Howard works up the courage to walk back into his house. As he sees his wife and daughters decorating the Christmas tree, he envisions them being overjoyed at his return, and also envisions a second scenario in which they respond with horror. He pauses, and then comes in through the front door and announces, I'm home.
The Home Song Stories	Australian	drama	Tony Ayres	The film is an autobiographical account of Tony Ayres' life at age eight, however the names have been changed. The story is narrated by Darren Yap as an adult Tom typing the story on a computer and reflecting on the story which defines them, which shapes who they are. His mother Rose Hong (Joan Chen) was a nightclub singer in Hong Kong in 1964, where she met Bill, an Australian sailor, and married him to seek a better life in Australia, taking her daughter May (Irene Chen) and son Tom (Joel Lok). An opening montage of scenes shows Rose making several unsuccessful attempts to establish herself with Chinese partners before moving in with Bill again. The story begins seven years after their initial migration to Australia, with the family returning to Bill's house in Melbourne. Bill's mother, Norma (Kerry Walker), who is disapproving of the family, has moved in. When Bill leaves on a tour of duty, Rose and Norma struggle for control over the house. Soon, Rose begins to have an affair with Joe (Qi Yu Wu), the son of the local Chinese restaurateur, who is in his twenties. He moves in with Rose, who tells Norma he is her aunt's son. Rose and her children are eventually kicked out when Norma finds Joe in Rose's room. Rose settles in with Joe after renting a place from a Chinese man. Their relationship begins to break down, and Rose attempts suicide, however May and Joe discover an affinity for each other which develops into a friendship. Rose, believing that May is trying to take Joe away from her, beats her and curses her. May, as a result, also attempts suicide and Rose also ends up in despair. However, the mother and daughter are reconciled in forgiveness as Rose tells May the story of the difficulties and traumatic experiences in her childhood, where she was forced into a marriage and lost her first two daughters. The relationship between Rose and Joe collapses, and the family once again returns to Bill's home, with Norma moving out. One afternoon when Tom is walking home with his classmate they encounter Rose in the front yard, and upon overhearing a conversation between two of his classmates bagging out Rose and her clothing, Tom blocks himself from his mother completely. Rose, in the meantime, has had her dream shattered, and is contemplating returning to Hong Kong when Tom abruptly tells her his apathy. The film culminates in the adult Tom narrating, Of all the things I remember about my childhood, this is what I remember the most. The eight-year-old Tom wakes up early in the morning to see the light to the backyard shed on and enters to find that Rose has hanged herself. Although she does not die initially, Bill receives a phone call later on confirming her death. The epilogue to the film shows the adult Tom and his sister May with her family (who happen to be Ayres' real life family) returning to Bill's home. He narrates again, recalling how he never shed a tear for his mother, but instead, wrote the story fully to understand what has shaped him. The real Tom, Tony Ayres, and his sister stayed with Bill after their mother's death. May ends up marrying the teacher who became their guardian soon after Bill's death.
Honey	Turkish	drama	Semih Kaplanoğlu	In the remote and undeveloped eastern Black Sea region, a six-year-old boy (Yusuf) wanders through the woods searching for his lost father, trying to make sense of his life.[5] His father is a beekeeper whose bees have disappeared unexpectedly, threatening his livelihood.[5] A bizarre accident kills the father.[8] There is little dialogue or music in the film.[5] The three main characters (Yusuf and his parents) are all fairly taciturn, and the soundtrack is filled out with the sounds of the forest and the creatures that live there.[9] The environment is a recurring theme.[10]
The Big Man	British	drama	David Leland	A Scottish miner (Liam Neeson) becomes unemployed during a union strike. He is unable to support his family and cannot resolve his bitterness about his situation. Desperate for money, he accepts an offer made by a Glasgow gangster to fight in an illegal bare-knuckle boxing match. A long and brutal fight follows.
Honours Easy	British	drama	Herbert Brenon	Unhinged art dealer William Barton (Ivan Samson) seeks revenge on a man who ruined his career years ago. He does so by attempting to frame the man's son for the theft of $2,500 from the safe in his gallery. However the son has an alibi in Barton's wife, with whom he is having an affair.
Meghe Dhaka Tara	Bengali	drama	Kamaleswar Mukherjee	To Ritwik Ghatak film was not merely a form of entertainment, but a weapon, a medium to portray struggle of common man He was successful neither in his career nor could he become a good family man or husband. Still he was an artist who never compromised for personal gain, fame or profit. The story of the film starts in 1969 and deals with Ritwik Ghatak's time spent in a mental asylum. It shows Nilkantha being admitted to mental asylum under the supervision of Doctor S. P. Mukherjee. S. P. Mukherjee learns that the Prime Minister of India knows Nilkantha and is fond of his works and may request the hospital authority to take special care of him. In the hospital a police officer sees Nilkantha and tells Doctor Mukherjee that he is a wasted drunkard. Another patient of hospital mocks Nilkantha as a disgraced intellectual. Even while he was undergoing treatment in the hospitals, he writes a play and stages it with other asylum patients. The film shows how Durga (Nilkantha's wife) wants to leave him saying separation is essential. Nilkantha witnessed partition of Bengal and its devastating effect and in his youth became attracted towards communism. Throughout the film Nilkantha's mental agony, struggles, inner contradictions, disappointments as well as financial troubles faced by him are shown. He clearly tells, it is not possible for him to make entertaining or commercial films. During a discussion Nilkantha asks Doctor Mukherjee that should a man perform mujra at a time when the society is burning? He also tells Doctor Mukherjee that he is a people's artist and that is his job. The film also shows the atmosphere of Bengal during Tebhaga and Naxalite movements. A scene has been shown in the film where a book named How to be a good communist? is burning. This scene symbolises Ghatak's dissatisfaction with India's communist politics. When Durga tells Nilkantha that they don't have a single rupee to run the family, Nilkantha readily replies, it is not money but it is one's work which will remain forever.
Little Accidents	American	drama	Sarah Colangelo	In a small American town still living in the shadow of a terrible coal mine accident, the disappearance of a teenage boy draws together a surviving miner, the lonely wife of a mine executive, and a local boy in a web of secrets.
Background	British	drama	Daniel Birt	John and Barbie Lomax (Friend and Hobson) have been married for almost 20 years, but the marriage has seemingly reached breaking point. After leaving the army, John has been working hard on making a career for himself as a barrister, which takes up all of his time and attention, leaving him exhausted and irritable. He acts intolerantly and dismissively towards Barbie and their three children, and the marital relationship comes under intolerable strain as the couple argue, bicker and snipe constantly at each other. Realising that the poisoned atmosphere is not good for the children to experience, they agree that in the circumstances divorce is the lesser evil. They are unprepared for how badly the children react when they break the news. The children jump to the conclusion that family friend 'Uncle' Bill Ogden (Woolard) is to blame, assuming from what they have seen that he has designs on Barbie. While this is true, it does not explain the depth of unhappiness felt by both their parents at their increasingly acrimonious relationship. As the wheels of the divorce are set in motion, John and Barbie are faced with coming to agreement about what should happen to the children, whether all should be given to the custody of one parent, or whether they should be split up. Caught in the middle, the children take matters into their own hands, forcing their parents to reassess the wisdom of the path they are about to take. Finally they are forced into an about-face after realising the destructive effect of divorce on the children. They look again at their relationship and see that they are still in love with each other and both have been partly to blame for the breakdown in communication between them. They decide not to go any further with the divorce, and resolve in future to work with each other rather than carping and criticising.
Last of the Long-haired Boys	British	drama	Peter Everett	After the end of the Second World War an RAF pilot struggles to adjust to civilian life.
Sub Ka Saathi	Bollywood	drama	A. Bhimsingh	A family social film, strongly advocating national integration and economic equality, it tells of a millionaire's son, brought up by a Harijan (untouchable) couple, fighting against the evil machinations of his wealthy father to provide his kin the promised uptopia and also make his father repent for the manner in which he amassed his wealth.
Dad	American	drama	Gary David Goldberg	John Tremont (Ted Danson) is a busy executive. He learns during a meeting that his mother has collapsed and been rushed to the hospital. Flying immediately to Los Angeles, he ends up becoming a caretaker of his father Jake (Jack Lemmon) while Bette Tremont (Olympia Dukakis) recovers from her heart-attack. A retired aerospace industry worker, Jake has become somewhat feeble and totally reliant on his wife, so John attempts to get him more involved in day-to-day things like taking care of the house. Father and son bond. John invites his dad to a business meeting and takes him out for a Bingo game. They play catch with a baseball in the yard. Late one night, college-aged grandson Billy (Ethan Hawke) turns up as well. John begins to appreciate while spending quality time with his dad that he has been neglecting his own boy. Bette returns home from the hospital. She is a strong, willful woman with little personal warmth. Jake is very happy to have everyone around him again during family dinners with the kids, including daughter Annie (Kathy Baker) and son-in-law Mario (Kevin Spacey), but the glum Bette resents the intrusion. One day, Jake Tremont finds blood in his urine and is taken to a doctor. John has a single request at the hospital—to avoid the word cancer, which terrifies his dad. An arrogant doctor named Santana (J. T. Walsh) who feels he knows what's best decides that a patient has a right to know. Jake immediately loses his bearings and ends up in a coma. A fiercely protective John stays by his dad's side constantly and a more sympathetic doctor named Chad (Zakes Mokae) volunteers his help. Jake unexpectedly wakes up one day and seems perfectly fine. Upon coming home, Jake acts reborn and reinvigorated. He confuses his wife by dressing in an odd manner, studying new languages, visiting the neighbors and even wanting sex at night. John feels his dad is just trying to enjoy life, something his bitter mother seems incapable of doing. Something more is definitely wrong with Jake, however. He is having delusions about being the head of a different family on a far-away farm. A psychiatrist concludes that Jake sought joy in a fantasy world while being unable to experience a sufficient amount in his own. Jake has a relapse. In the hospital, he reminisces with his son about things that made him happiest, like work and baseball, before passing away. John, a better man for the experience, returns to his old life.
Leo the Last	British	drama	John Boorman	The ennui-afflicted heir to a deposed European throne returns to his father's house in West London to find that the neighbourhood has become a slum. An ornithologist ill at ease with others, he finds his spy-glass wandering from birds to observe his neighbours. Strictly an observer at first, he increasingly becomes agitated as their lives are blighted by violence, poverty, and injustice. In particular he is moved by the plight of young Salambo Mardi and her family, beset by the rapist shopkeeper Kowalski and the pimp Jasper. Gradually he is stirred from his emotional detachment to try to assist her, a development that confuses, alarms, and angers his parasitic entourage; Margaret, his social climber fiancée, Max, the shady family lawyer (who for reasons never directly explained is desperate for Leo to marry Margaret), David, his quack doctor, and Laszlo, the household manager and apparent leader of a secret society aiming to restore the dynasty. (Leo's sudden vitality also threatens Jasper the pimp who is, in fact, in league with Lazlo.) A pacifist and liberal idealist with no interest in reigning, Leo is relieved when Laszlo confesses that the society is a fraud but furious when he discovers that he is the owner of the slum and his life of wealth and privilege has been paid for from its rents. The movie turns Marxist parable as Leo becomes the unlikeliest of revolutionaries, rallying the denizens of the slum with the aid of Salambo and her charismatic working-class hero boyfriend Roscoe. The intellectual and professional class (in the person of the socialite, the doctor, and the lawyer) is quickly overcome, but the capitalists and petit bourgeoisie (pimp, rent collector, shopkeeper, and real estate shareholders) prove tougher, fortifying themselves in Leo's mansion. In the final cataclysm, Leo leads the mob in burning his own mansion to the ground, its occupiers surrendering and fleeing at the last moment. In the last line of dialogue, Roscoe tells Leo: “Well, you didn’t change the world, did you?” Leo replies: “No, but we changed our street.” The victors laugh together and disperse. Leo wanders up to his old home and picks from the rubble one of his spy-glasses. Smiling happily he chucks it aside and skips merrily away.
Wonderstruck	American	drama	Todd Haynes	The film interlaces two stories set fifty years apart, switching frequently between them. Each tells the story of a child's quest. In 1927, Rose (Simmonds) runs away from her father's New Jersey home to find her mother/idol, the actress Lillian Mayhew (Moore). In 1977, recently orphaned Ben (Fegley) runs away from his Minnesota home in search of his father.[3]
The Wild and the Willing	British	drama	Ralph Thomas	A group of young men at university go through the students' life – dancing, drinking, meeting girls. Harry (Ian McShane) is a rather rebellious young man, going out with Josie (Samantha Eggar). His room mate is Phil (John Hurt), a quiet outsider. Harry feels very protective of Phil for some reason. Phil loves Sarah (Katherine Woodville), who jilted him for another more suitable boyfriend. As the plot develops, Harry gets involved with Professor Chown's (Paul Rogers) unhappy wife, Virginia (Virginia Maskell). The professor acts very aloof towards her and doesn't want to divorce her because he is expecting to be knighted. Harry wants Virginia to come away with him, but she is too worried about her future and turns him down. Out of frustration Harry wants to pull a Rag Week stunt, climb the campus tower at night and raise a flag atop of it. He needs help to pull this off but all the other young men opt out for various reasons. Phil offers to join Harry, as he feels that Harry has done a lot to involve him into campus life, rather than living on the fringes. At first, Harry, worried about the consequences as Phil is not a good climber, refuses to take Phil along with him, but eventually, against his better judgment, he is persuaded to do so. Gilby (Jeremy Brett), a smart striver is jealous of Harry, as he used to see Virginia before she rejected him. He notices the activities around the tower and reports Harry and Phil to the university authorities. The teachers are more annoyed than worried and call the fire brigade. The spectacle draws a crowd. Although Phil is a bad climber and slips several times, the two young men manage to reach the top and hoist their flag. But on the way down Phil loses his footing and, although Harry tries desperately to hold on to him, Phil slips from his grasp and falls to his death. For being directly responsible for his friend's death, Harry is 'sent down' and expelled from the university. He makes one more visit to see Professor Chown and Virginia where the Professor admits that Harry's paper was brilliant and that with his stunt, he has forfeited a scholarship and an academic career. Josie meets Harry at the bus station and realises that she doesn't mean much to him. Yet she asks him to take her along, but he refuses, as he doesn't want to go on hurting people. The film ends with Reggie (John Sekka), an African friend, singing a ballad of Harry and Josie's life.
 Ruben Guthrie	Australian	drama	Brendan Cowell	Life is good for Ruben Guthrie (Patrick Brammall), who works as an advertisement executive and leads a lifestyle of a party boy and lives in a house on the water with his model fiancée. He's at the top of his game until Ruben lands at the bottom of his infinity pool from some drunken skylarking. Ruben's fiancée leaves him, but says she'll get back with him if he can go a year without drinking.
Al-Millionairah al-Saghirah (The Small Millionaire)	Egyptian	drama	Kamal Barakat	A beautiful, young lady falls in love with a pilot officer and wants to marry him, but her grandmother, of a Turkish aristocratic family, doesn't concur and would not allow her to marry the man. One of the family members tries to convince the grandmother to accept this. The grandmother dies and the woman inherits some of her wealth. Her lover becomes hesitant towards their marriage, thinking everybody might assume he married her for her wealth. She convinces him that this is not true and trusts him and loves him, so they marry each other.
O Pioneers!	American	drama	Glenn Jordan	The film centers around a family of Swedish immigrants in Nebraska around the turn of the 20th century. The family's father dies and leaves the family farm to his daughter. She does her best to make the farm work when many others are giving up and leaving.[1]
My Life	American	drama	Bruce Joel Rubin	Detroit, Michigan, 1963: Bob Ivanovich, a young son of Ukrainian-American[3][4] parents, prays one night for a circus in his backyard the next day after school. After school the next day, he runs home eagerly, followed by his friends. To his disappointment, no circus awaits. Angrily, Bob retreats to the closet in his room, his personal retreat space. Bob has shunned his Ukrainian-born parents for their immigrant ways and decided to move away from his family in Detroit.[4] Thirty years later, Bob Jones (Keaton) now runs a Los Angeles public relations firm. He is happily married to Gail (Kidman), who is pregnant with their first child. Bob is horrified to learn that he has been diagnosed with a terminal form of kidney cancer and might not live to see their baby born. Bob begins to make home movies, to immortalize himself, to be shown after his death to his son, so he'll know who his father was, showing him how to cook spaghetti, how to drive, etc. He also begins to visit a Chinese healer named Mr. Ho (Dr. Haing S. Ngor), who urges him to listen to his heart, which is calling him to forgive, and that life is always giving him invitations if he would just listen. At his wife's urging, they fly to his hometown of Detroit to attend a traditional Ukrainian wedding of his brother Paul (Whitford). While in the area, Bob visits his childhood home. Also while there, they attempt to mend fences with his estranged family, which does not go well. Bob criticizes his brother for not moving to California like he did, and his father (Constantine) resents Bob's moving thousands of miles away and changing his name. Bob returns to California with a heavy heart, sadly saying to his wife, This is my last trip home. During a visit with Mr. Ho, he advises Bob to go into his heart soon. Bob teaches his son by camera how to shave, play basketball, and start a car by jumper cable. He also confronts a childhood fear by finally riding a formidable roller coaster. During the ride, a young companion urges him to let go of the railing as the descent begins, but Bob firmly holds on. (A metaphor of his fear of letting go of life.) He is living on borrowed time—beyond the date the doctors gave him, as he says to his wife after getting off the coaster, Today is D-Day. Death Day. I was supposed to be dead by today. Gail's contractions increase, and soon she is in the hospital, to give birth to their baby. Bob and Gail have a happy time with their newborn, but soon Bob's condition worsens, now that the cancer has reached his brain. Hospice care is arranged for Bob. Bob makes a final visit to Mr. Ho, and asks him what the light is he keeps seeing. Mr. Ho replies it is the life of the self and urges him to get his house in order (life and personal affairs). A hospice nurse, Theresa (Queen Latifah), moves in to help, but Bob is sinking fast. Bob and Gail finally call his family to inform them of what's going on. Bob's family comes west for the first time to visit. Bob makes peace with his family at last. Bob's childhood wish is finally granted by a circus in the backyard. As his father shaves him, Bob shows that he has at last made peace by telling his father he loves him. Bob finally comes to terms with his life as he dies peacefully, surrounded by the loving, supportive bosom of his family. Next is shown Bob on a metaphysical roller coaster, this time letting go of the railing, raising his arms freely in the air this time, metaphorically letting go of life, and finally enjoying the ride of life. Bob rides toward a beautiful, shining, ethereal light (presumably heaven). A year later, his son and wife watch him on video, as she reads Dr. Seuss's Green Eggs and Ham to him.
Al-Ra'i wal Nisaa (The Shepherd and the Women)	Egyptian	drama	Aly Badrakhan	The story of three women living alone in the desert, but a day they are visited by a young handsome man.[citation needed]
Kama Sutra: A Tale of Love	American	drama	Mira Nair	Set in 16th century India, this movie depicts the story of two girls who were raised together, though they came from different social classes. Tara (Sarita Choudhury) is an upper-caste princess while Maya (Indira Varma) is her beautiful servant. They are best friends, but an undercurrent of jealousy and resentment is caused by Tara's haughtiness, symbolised by the fact that Maya is given Tara's hand-me-down clothes and never anything new to wear. As the girls approach marriageable age, Tara resents that Maya is a better classical dancer than she is and that her parents and hunchback brother, Prince Bikram (aka Biki) show affection for her servant. Tara is prepared to marry Prince Raj Singh (Naveen Andrews), and Maya is forced into the role of a servant at their wedding festival. When the prince comes to view his future wife, he is instantly infatuated with Maya instead. Noticing this, Tara spits in Maya's face, sending her from the wedding in tears. Maya takes revenge when she chances on Raj sleeping alone, before he has completed the marriage rites with Tara. Maya has her first sexual experience with Raj but, unknown to both, Tara's brother, Prince Biki, hides and watches the two of them. Biki is crushed that his childhood infatuation has slept with his future brother-in-law but, at first, keeps the knowledge to himself. The wedding rites are completed the next day. As Tara is leaving home as a newlywed, Maya tells her that just as Maya wore the princess's used clothes all her life, Tara will now have something Maya has used. During her wedding night, Tara, a sheltered virgin full of romantic dreams, is hesitant to consummate their relationship. This angers and sexually frustrates Raj, who rapes his horrified bride, setting a tone of violence and humiliation for the marriage. Despite this, Tara still yearns for a loving relationship with her indifferent husband. To save Maya's honour, Biki sends a marriage proposal for her. When she refuses, he publicly brands her as a whore, and she is forced to leave her home. Wandering on her own, she meets a young stone sculptor, Jai Kumar (Ramon Tikaram) who works for Raj. He reveals that Maya has been the inspiration for his beautiful and highly erotic statues. Realising she has nowhere to stay, Jai takes her to an older woman named Rasa Devi (Rekha), who is a teacher of the Kama Sutra, the ancient art of seduction and love making. Maya begins an intense romantic and sexual relationship with Jai that is abruptly halted when he fears he might not be able to work properly with Maya consuming his thoughts. Rejected by her first real lover, Maya finds comfort with Rasa Devi, making the decision to learn the courtesan's art. Raj, now the king, recognises the visage as Maya's in one of Jai's sculptures. He dispatches his attendants to find Maya; she is delivered to the king as his new courtesan. Soon after, Raj and Jai have a friendly wrestling competition. Jai wins. Jai gets the king's favour but is warned that there will be dire consequences if he defeats the king again. Jai then learns of Maya's new status as the favoured concubine. Jai understands that his king is a dangerous man and he must keep his former relationship with Maya a secret, for their mutual safety. In the meantime, the threat of an invading Shah inches closer. As Raj descends deeper into opium addiction, sexual cruelty and debauchery, he becomes irresponsible with his duties as king. He insults Biki sexually and for being a hunchback. In retaliation, Biki writes a letter to the Shah to rid the kingdom of Raj, who now taxes the poor for his own perverted pleasure. Jai and Maya rekindle their passion and the two begin meeting in secret. As tensions between Jai and Raj grow, Maya and Jai exchange wedding vows in private. Raj later catches the two lovers together and sentences Jai to death. After finding Tara in the midst of a suicide attempt, Maya reconciles with her childhood friend. Maya then teaches Tara how to seduce the king, while Tara promises to help Maya escape to visit Jai. However, when Tara goes to her husband, he recognises Maya's style of seduction and again tries to humiliate his wife. Finally free of her tormentor, Tara tells Raj that she doesn't even love him enough to hate him; she leaves. Maya leaves the castle and visits Jai one last time. Telling Jai she is his forever, Maya hacks off her long hair, symbolising that she will be his widow. Maya then tries her best to convince Raj to free Jai by promising him her total surrender. But knowing he can't have her heart, Raj rejects her plea. Just before the execution, a box arrives from the Shah, holding the severed head of Raj's brother, the grand vizier. Jai is deliberately crushed to death by an elephant while Maya watches from the crowd. Meanwhile, soldiers of the invading Shah take the king's palace. Maya walks away into the distance, meditating on her new spiritual freedom: My heart is as open as the sky.
Bronco Bullfrog	British	drama	Barney Platts-Mills	The film follows the fortunes of a 17-year-old, Del (Del Walker) and his group of friends. As the film opens four youths (Del, Roy, Chris and Geoff) are seen breaking into a cafe in Stratford, East London, but they only get away with about ninepence and some cake, and it is clear that they are hardly master criminals. Back at their hut on waste ground they mention Jo (Sam Shepherd), known as 'Bronco Bullfrog' (for reasons which are never explained), who has just got out of Borstal. Once Del and Roy (Chris and Geoff are hardly seen again in the film) meet Jo in a caff, they link up with him to carry out a bigger robbery. Meanwhile, Del meets Irene (Anne Gooding), a friend of a cousin of Chris', and they start a relationship, despite the disapproval of Irene's mother and Del's father. The remainder of the film follows Del and Irene as they attempt to escape their dead-end lives.
The Fool	British	drama	Christine Edzard	The narrative is grounded in the double life of a humble clerk who poses as the reclusive, but widely respected Sir John. He thus moves in wealthy upper class circles and participates in grand investment schemes while living in a London slum. The movie's grand-eloquent socialist soliliquaies and detailed evocation of life in Victorian London drew on the vast personal archive of interviews about contemporary London life by Henry Mayhew.
The Firm	American	drama	Sydney Pollack	Mitch McDeere (Tom Cruise) is a young man from an impoverished background, but with a promising future as a lawyer. About to graduate from Harvard Law School near the top of his class, he receives a generous job offer from Bendini, Lambert & Locke, a small boutique firm in Memphis specializing in accounting and tax law. He and his wife, Abby (Jeanne Tripplehorn), move to Memphis and Mitch sets to work studying to pass the Tennessee bar exam. Avery Tolar (Gene Hackman), one of the firm's senior partners, becomes his mentor and begins introducing Mitch to BL&L's professional culture, which demands complete loyalty, strict confidentiality, and a willingness to charge exceptional fees for their services. Seduced by the money and perks showered on him, including a house and car, he is at first totally oblivious to the more sinister side of his new employer, although Abby has her suspicions. Mitch passes the bar exam and begins working long hours that put a strain on his marriage. Working closely with Avery, Mitch learns that most of the firm's work involves helping wealthy clients hide large amounts of money in off-shore shell corporations and other dubious tax-avoidance schemes. While on a trip to the Cayman Islands on behalf of a client, Mitch is seduced by a local woman and cheats on Abby. Unbeknownst to Mitch, this encounter has been arranged by the firm's sinister security chief, Bill DeVasher (Wilford Brimley), who later uses photos of Mitch's beach tryst with the woman as blackmail to keep him quiet about the firm's questionable, even illegal, activities. Mitch realizes he is now trapped, but after two associates of the firm die under mysterious circumstances, he is approached by FBI agents who inform him that while some of BL&L's business is legitimate, their biggest client is the Morolto Mafia family from Chicago. The firm's partners, as well as most of the associates, are all complicit in a massive tax fraud and money-laundering scheme. The two associates who died had learned about the firm's dark side, and were killed to keep them from talking. The FBI agents warn Mitch that his house, car, and office have probably all been bugged. The FBI pressures Mitch to provide the Bureau with evidence they can use to go after the Moroltos and bring down BL&L. Mitch knows he faces a stark choice. If he works with the FBI, he believes that even if he stays alive, he will have to disclose information about the firm's legitimate clients—thus breaking the attorney–client privilege and risking disbarment. However, the FBI warns him that if he stays with the firm, he will almost certainly go to jail when the FBI takes down both the firm and the Moroltos. Either way, his life as he knows it is over, and he agrees to cooperate with the FBI in return for $1.5 million and the release of his imprisoned brother Ray in Arkansas. Desperate to find a way out, Mitch inadvertently stumbles on a solution when one of his clients complains that he was billed for an extra several hours of fees, as part of the firm's money-laundering services for the Moroltos. Mailing these padded bills to the firm's clients is considered to be mail fraud, which would expose the firm to RICO charges. Mitch begins secretly copying the firm's billing records, but he is unmasked when a prison guard on the Moroltos' payroll alerts DeVasher after Mitch's brother Ray is transferred to FBI custody without the usual formalities being followed. Evading DeVasher and his thugs, Mitch meets with the Morolto brothers and, presenting himself as a loyal attorney looking out for his clients' best interests, tells them that his contact with the FBI and his copying of the firm's files were merely an attempt to expose the firm's illegal overbilling. Mitch asks the Moroltos for permission to turn over their billing invoices in order to help the FBI make their case against the firm. He reveals that he has made his own copies of the files, but assures them that as long as he is alive, any other information he knows about their legal affairs is covered under attorney-client privilege and will never be revealed. Convinced thus, the Moroltos agree to guarantee Mitch's safety and let him give the FBI all the evidence it needs to prosecute the firm. Since the attorney-client privilege doesn't apply when a lawyer knows about ongoing criminal activity, Mitch is able to keep his status as a lawyer. The film ends as the McDeeres leave their house in Memphis and return to Boston, driving the same well-used car in which they arrived in Memphis.
Al-Tareeq al-Masdood (The Barred Road)	Egyptian	drama	Salah Abouseif	Faten Hamama plays Fayza, a young student who lives with her family after the death of her father. Left with no money, her mother (Zouzou Mady) is forced to turn her house into an illegal gambling house. Fayza opposes her mother's solution. Munir (Ahmed Mazhar) is a writer who meets Fayza and falls in love with her but she rejects him. Fayza decides to leave to the countryside where she works as a teacher in a small school. Fayza gets into trouble in the school and, desperate and hopeless, decides to walk in her mother's path. Munir convinces Fayza to stop.[2]
Why Me?	American	drama	Gene Quintano	The Byzantine Fire, a sacred ruby on loan from Turkey to the United States for exhibition, no sooner arrives in Los Angeles than it is stolen by Eastern religious extremists and hidden inside the safe of a local jewelry store. When professional burglar and jewel thief Gus Cardinale (Christopher Lambert) breaks into the store and inadvertently steals the Byzantine Fire, he finds himself being chased around Los Angeles by the LAPD, the entire Los Angeles criminal element (whom the police have been mercilessly harassing in order to find the thief), two less-than-competent CIA agents, Turkish government agents and a not-too-tightly-wrapped female Armenian terrorist. Now Gus, with the help of his wacky sidekick (Christopher Lloyd) and his girlfriend (Kim Greist), must figure out a way to not only return the Byzantine Fire without getting caught but also stay alive long enough to do so.
The Passionate Adventure	British	drama	Graham Cutts	The marriage between Adrian and Drusilla St. Clair (Brook and Joyce) has become unsatisfactory and loveless since Adrian's return from World War I, with the couple treating each other with cold distance. Seeking escape from his unfulfilled home life, Adrian takes off to the East End of London where he disguises himself as a shabby itinerant. There he meets a pretty young waif Vicky (Marjorie Daw) and takes on the role of her unofficial protector. This does not go down well with Vicky's East End criminal element boyfriend Herb (Victor McLaglen) who becomes increasingly suspicious and jealous about her association with Adrian, until a showdown in inevitable. Adrian uses his wits to overcome Herb's brute force, and hands him over to the police who have wanted him for some time. With Herb in custody and Vicky's safety assured, Adrian returns west to Drusilla invigorated by his East End experience and with his feelings of passion towards her evidently restored. They embrace at the bottom of the staircase, which the appreciative Drusilla starts to climb.
Jaise Ko Taisa	Bollywood	drama	Murugan Kumaran	Look-alike twins are separated at birth. One grows up as a farmer in tough surroundings, and hard work; while the other grows up with a wealthy family. The one with the wealthy family is abused, beaten, drugged, and tormented in order to keep him subdued and controlled by the rest of the family and certain employees, so that they can continue to live an easy life, at his cost. Things change dramatically, when the twins are switched, with the hardworking one ending up with the wealthy family, and the other ending up with his mother and a hard life.
Homicide	American	drama	David Mamet	Bobby Gold is a homicide detective on the trail of Robert Randolph, a drug-dealer and cop-killer on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted List. En route to nab an accomplice of Randolph, Gold and his partner Tim Sullivan happen upon a murder scene: the elderly Jewish owner of a candy store in a ghetto has been gunned down, reportedly for a fortune hidden in her basement. The deceased woman's son, a doctor, uses his clout to have Gold assigned to the case in the belief that Gold, himself Jewish, might be empathetic to his plight. Gold, however, seems to disregard his ethnicity and is irritated about being pulled off a much higher-profile case. Ultimately, though, this is offset by interactions with members of the Jewish community that play on Gold's feelings of inadequacy and inability to fit in. A nighttime survey of the crime scene uncovers an important piece of the woman's past, and Gold's reluctance turns to curiosity, leading to the discovery of a Zionist organization operating in the city. The apparent power and sense of pride these people have is appealing to Gold, and he attempts to become a part of their group. Gold is thrust into a series of circumstances that test not only his loyalty to the badge, but also his newfound Jewish consciousness.
Two Bits	American	drama	James Foley	It is a hot summer day in 1933 in South Philadelphia, where 12-year-old Gennaro lives with his widowed mom and his ailing grandfather. His grandfather sits outside holding tight to his last quarter. He has promised the quarter to Gennaro so the boy can buy a ticket to a plush new movie theater. But grandpa is not ready to pass on the quarter or pass on to his final reward. He has some unfinished business with a woman from his past, and he enlists Gennaro to act as his emissary.
Warm Spring	Chinese	drama	Wulan Tana	Seeking refuge from abusive foster parents, 8-year-old orphan Xiao Hua runs away and finds safety under the care of a poor, illiterate old man from another village. Despite his lack of money and despite being taunted by friends, the elderly man does everything in his power to protect the young child he believes was delivered to him by fate. Xiao Hua works hard and forms a close bond with the old man, whom she calls Grandpa, but the old man's daughter-in-law, who can't conceive, tries desperately to send Xiao Hua away. The grandpa sends her to school and gradually Xiao Hua thaws the hearts of the old man's son Baozhu and daughter-in-law Xiangcao. Toward the movie's end it is disclosed by the village head that the old man's son Baozhu is also an adopted orphan like Xiao Hua. Years later Xiao Hua becomes the first college graduate from the village. She becomes a rural teacher to repay the kindness of the village which adopted her.
Naked Lunch	American	drama	David Cronenberg	William Lee is an exterminator who finds that his wife Joan is stealing his insecticide (pyrethrum) to use as a drug to get high. When Lee is arrested by the police, he begins hallucinating because of bug powder exposure. He believes he is a secret agent with two handlers in the forms of a talking insectoid typewriter and an alien Mugwump. The bug assigns him the mission of killing Joan. She is allegedly an agent of an organization called Interzone Incorporated. Lee dismisses the bug and its instructions and kills it. He returns home to find Joan having sex with Hank, one of his writer friends. Shortly afterwards, he accidentally kills her while attempting to shoot a drinking glass off her head in imitation of William Tell. Having inadvertently accomplished his mission, Lee flees to Interzone, a city somewhere in North Africa. He spends his time writing reports for his imaginary handler, and it is these documents which, at the insistence of his literary colleagues who later visit him, eventually become the titular book. Whilst Lee is under the influence of assorted mind-altering substances, his replacement typewriter, a Clark Nova, becomes a talking insect which tells him to find Dr. Benway by seducing Joan Frost, who curiously is a doppelgänger of his dead wife. After coming to the conclusion that Dr. Benway is, in fact, the secret mastermind of a narcotics operation for a drug called black meat which is supposedly derived from the guts of giant centipedes, Lee completes his report and flees Interzone to Annexia with Joan Frost. Stopped by the Annexian border patrol and instructed to prove that he is a writer as he claims, Lee produces a pen. As this is insufficient proof for passage he inexplicably offers a demonstration of his William Tell routine using a glass atop Joan Frost's head. He again misses badly and thus re-enacts the earlier killing of his wife. The border guard cheerfully bids him welcome to Annexia. Lee is shown shedding a tear at this bittersweet accomplishment.
White Palace	American	drama	Luis Mandoki	27-year-old St. Louis advertising executive, Max Baron (James Spader), has completely shut himself off from the world in the two years since the auto accident that killed his wife Janey (Maria Pitillo). On the way to his friend Neil's (Jason Alexander) bachelor party, Max picks up 50 burgers from a diner called White Palace. At the party, he discovers that the order is six burgers short and, to the ridicule of his friends, returns to the restaurant to complain. In a moment that defines his initial character, Max declares, It's the principle. He is roundly mocked by his cohorts. At the White Palace diner, after a heated exchange occurs between Max and a 43-year-old waitress, Nora Baker (Susan Sarandon), she exasperatedly refunds him. Max returns to the party but leaves upset and heads to a bar, where he runs into Nora. Drunk, she flirts with him, but he pushes her advances away and starts to leave. She senses he's upset, asks why, and discovers his wife died in a car crash. She discloses that she lost her young son to leukemia. The 'connection' prevents him from leaving. They have a few drinks and eventually he gives her a lift home to the Dogtown neighborhood in St. Louis, but drunkenly crashes his car into her mailbox. She invites him to spend the night at her house, with the couch as his bed. Max starts dreaming about his late wife, then wakes up to find Nora performing fellatio on him. They end up having passionate sex. After visiting his wife's grave on the second anniversary of her death, Max returns to White Palace to watch a busy Nora from a distance. He visits her at home with the pretext of replacing the broken mailbox, but instead they begin a relationship. Max becomes more relaxed and cheerful around Nora and at his work, but remains reluctant to reveal their relationship to his family and friends. At one point, he gets frustrated that all he and Nora do are sit and watch TV in her house. She firmly reminds him of their differences in age and social backgrounds. Nora is angry after Max has lied to her about his friend Neil's wedding and that he didn't take her. They argue about how Max keeps their relationship a secret and that he is probably ashamed of being seen with her. Nora's sister, Judy (Eileen Brennan), meets Max the following day and explains to him, in Nora's absence, how they were abandoned as children and that she left a young Nora to fend for herself. Judy also explains that Nora's son drowned. While at the supermarket with Nora, Max leaves her at the counter and runs into Neil's wife, Rachel (Rachel Chagall), who invites him and his mystery woman to Thanksgiving. At Max's apartment, Nora hears a message on his answering machine inviting them to the Horowitzes' home for Thanksgiving. Nora brings up the subject to an initially hesitant Max; however, they resolve to attend as a couple. At the Thanksgiving dinner with Neil, Rachel, Mrs. Baron (Renee Taylor), Max's friends, and the Horowitz extended family make Nora uncomfortable. Following an argument between Nora and Neil's father, she walks out, Max and his mother following. After the dinner, Nora and Max argue in her house over what had happened and she tells him to leave. Some time later, Max finds Nora's house empty and a note explaining to him that she left and that he shouldn't come looking for her. He visits White Palace and is informed that Nora quit. He goes to a brunch with friends and meets Heidi Solomon (Kim Myers), but cannot stop thinking about Nora. He then realizes that everyone around him seem stuck-up with their perfect upper-middle class lives. He travels to New York to find Judy and is informed that Nora is waitressing in a restaurant. Max finds Nora there and confesses his love to her, revealing that he quit his job and moved to New York to be with her. They reunite, kissing tenderly as patrons of the restaurant look on. Max playfully clears the table of its contents and lays a laughing Nora down on it, climbing on top of her and passionately kissing her, while the whole restaurant cheers and applauds.
The Silver Brumby	Australian	drama	John Tatoulis	A mother tells her daughter a fable about the prince of the brumbies- brumby being a term for the feral horses of Australia- who must find his place amongst his kind, while avoiding The Man who always seems to be hunting him.
The Impassive Footman	British	drama	Basil Dean	On a cruise ship, Mrs Marwood becomes involved in a platonic relationship with the ship's doctor who treats her hypochondriac husband. This leads to a series of violent quarrels, all witnessed by the family's footman who is the only one who knows entirely what is going on.
Jeevan Dhaara	Bollywood	drama	Rama Rao Tatineni	Sangeeta (Rekha) is a young, strong and idealistic girl. She is 25 years old, but unlike her contemporaries, she is still not married. The reason for this is her being a member of a poor family. Her father left the family; Her mother is an old homemaker; Her younger sister Geeta (Madhu Kapoor) is a young widow; Her nephews have to go to school while their father, her brother (Raj Babbar) is an inebriated and unemployed man. All the members of this family live in one little house. She is the only one who takes care of them. She is the only one who works to support the family. She is concerned for her nephews' future and makes her best to bring them up and educate them. However, secretly, she dreams of the day when she could also have her own family, husband and children. Three men enter her life, namely Amol Palekar, Kanwaljeet Singh and Rakesh Roshan, but destiny has something different for her. Will this day come ever?
Brihonnola	Bangladeshi	drama	Murad Parvez	Mohanpur is an ancient village, not unlike many such villages of our country, still deprived of the basic amenities of modern times. There is a local health centre minus a permanent doctor(Azad Abul Kalam) as no one is willing to work and live in a village. There is also a primary school with no more than a handful of pupils and the few who do go to school hardly ever attend college afterward. The population of the village is just average, neither too dense nor too sparse. One it was a predominantly Hindu locality, but in a course of time, the proportion of Hindus has declined to the level of Muslims and is continuing to decline further. However, any conflict or clash between the adherents of the two faiths is yet unheard of in this village. All villagers live in an atmosphere of friendly tolerance.Everything has been going well for ages, but at one point an ancient banyan tree becomes the focal point of dispute between the two sections of the village community. Situated on public land, this tree has been witness to the passage of time. It is said that once this plot of land used to be the property of a Hindu zamindar, but at present it belongs to the government. The villagers do not have many possessions, except for a few things. The Muslims have a mosque, the Hindus a temple. There are one community health centre and an ancient railway station. One day the Hindus suddenly began to think: Wish we could have another temple! The Muslims also thought: If we could not have another mosque, why not an Eidgah at least? And both sides wanted their temple or mosque to be erected on the empty public land. But the tree on the plot stood in the way. The only resident doctor in the village, elderly homeopath Araj Ali(Azad Abul Kalam), had been applying to the authorities for the last five years for a good doctor for the health centre. Finally, his application bore fruit, a qualified doctor was sent from the district town, and on the same day the village carpenter Tulsi’s(Intekhab Dinar) goat died on the public land. Hindus and Muslims were shocked by the incident, they suspected the tree on the plot was cursed. Rumour was rife in the village that the old banyan tree was the cause of the animal’s death. To prevent the recurrence of such incidents the vicinity of the tree was declared inaccessible to all human beings, their cattle, and other domestic pets. But at one time children used to play hide-and-seek around that banyan tree on the public land, on scorching hot days cowherds dozed in its soothing shade, peasants working in the fields cooled their perspiring bodies under its leafy branches while eating the lunch brought by their wives or daughters. But in a few days time, the cursed tree claimed its second victim, the carpenter Tulsi’s old mother(Dilara Zaman) who went gathering dry leaves under it. Tulsi’s beautiful wife Durgarani(Sohana Saba) told everyone that tree was indeed the killer of her mother-in-law. The newly qualified doctor Abir Ahmed at the village health centre examined the dead woman and said that she had died of a heart attack. The Hindus refused to accept his verdict. Overnight the tree turned into a deity. Illiterate and superstitious Hindus began to worship the tree from a safe distance, the over-zealous among them even dared to decorate the trunk and branches of the tree with red pennants. The Brahmins began to proclaim that the tree deity could only be appeased by performing puja under it and offering human sacrifice. The time of Durga Puja, the biggest Hindu festival, drew near. Muslims too prepared to rejoice in the festivities of their Hindu neighbours. The image of goddess Durga was being constructed in the temple. Arati – ritualistic worship with oil lamps and burning sense accompanied by the loud ringing of bells and beating of gongs – was performed every evening in the temple till late, although worshippers were careful not to begin it until the Muslims had ended their namaz. This was a familiar daily scenario in Mohanpur. Mohanpur has a small marketplace consisting of only a handful of shops. Protul Nag is the night watchman, appointed by Gour Biswas, the head of the temple committee. It is said that he had murdered his wife. Protul patrols the market area every night, shouting Beware, all honest people! although his own honesty is subject to question. One night a thief broke into a shop and tried to escape carrying a sackful of rice. But he ran into Protul and dropping the sack ran off to hide under the banyan tree on the public land. There were heavy rains and thunderstorm that night and the next morning the thief was found lying stone dead under the tree. After examining the corpse the qualified doctor Abir Ahmed said the man had been murdered. The Hindus refused to accept the doctor’s opinion. They said: The deity is demanding human sacrifice. Such incidents will not stop until the deity’s demand is met. The veteran homeopath Araj Ali asked: If the man has indeed been killed by that tree, why is there a vicious bruise on his head? But no one paid any heed to his question. Tulsi was dumbfounded with grief at his mother’s death. He had the lurking suspicion that the members of the temple committee might have persuaded his wife Durga to poison the goat. Were they responsible for his mother’s death as well? His mother and Durga had never been on very good terms with each other, so he could not help suspecting his wife. So he withdrew into a shell and simply stopped talking. Meanwhile, a clandestine relationship developed between Durga and the new doctor Abir. This gave rise to covert whisperings in the village. The homeopath Araj Ali repeatedly sent applications to the district town praying for the interference of the authorities to resolve this situation. One day a Police Inspector arrived to make inquiries into the questions involving the banyan tree. Both Hindus and Muslims gathered at the spot. The Inspector carefully examined the tree. Araj Ali’s letters had already appraised the Inspector of the dirty politics behind the incidents taking place in the village. An elderly Hindu villager came forward and said: Inspector Sir, this tree is not a mere tree, it’s a deity. It’s demanding more blood. The Inspector replied: So you’re advocating human sacrifice here! You want a temple where you can worship. But was there ever a temple at this spot? An old Muslim gentleman shouted: There has never been a temple here. Why is it necessary to preserve this tree? Let’s cut it down! These heated arguments created considerable excitement among the crowd and led to skirmishes. Finally, the police managed to disperse the crowd by wielding sticks and the Inspector even had to fire a few rounds. The police force left without taking a decision. The next day a bagful of money reached the Inspector. The authorities shook their hands off the matter. And the mosque committee discovered that their agitation was about to fizzle out since their community had suffered no loss of life or property. Meanwhile, the temple committee arranged to guard the tree lest someone tried to destroy it. In spite of that one night, some men wearing caps managed to tear off the red ribbons hung from its branches. Coming to know of this Araj Ali rushed there and re-fastened the red ribbons, two village communities. The same night the dead body of Araj Ali was found at the bottom of the tree. The fingers of one of his lifeless hands were clutching a cap. The mosque committee placed the blame of Araj Ali’s death squarely on the temple committee while the latter accused the former of the same crime. The two sides began taking out processions, in turn, protesting against this heinous act and demanding justice. Apprehending that the situation was quickly going out of control, the doctor Abir Ahmed petitioned the higher authorities. The government responded with strict orders that neither side was to erect any kind of structure in the vicinity of the disputed tree. Hindus and Muslims then joined hands to drive the Doctor Abir out of the village. They chose Tulsi’s beautiful wife Durga as the instrument for making their plan work. Their plan was successful. Answering the coquettish call of Durga, the doctor came to see her behind her house in the dead of night. He was caught red-handed by vigilant villagers. The same night both Hindus and Muslims gathered in the courtyard of Haji Sahib where the doctor was put on trial. Their verdict was that Doctor Abir must leave the village by the first light of dawn. Progressive ideology was thus defeated by dirty politics. But will this politics of religious dogmatism, of vested interests ever come to an end? Or is it to continue as long as the human race lasts? But that banyan tree is still standing on that same public land, and politics is still being played around it. O Brihonnola Tree, may you survive forever because you too have the right to live.
Jasmine Women	Chinese	drama	Hou Yong	The film is divided into three chapters: grandmother, mother, and daughter; respectively the story of Mo, Li and Hua. Eighteen-year-old Mo (Zhang Ziyi) lives with her mother (Joan Chen) who owns a small photo shop in Shanghai. She longs to become a movie star, a dream her mother does not understand. One day, Mo meets Mr. Meng (Jiang Wen), the boss of a movie studio. She then leaves her mother to fulfil her film career dream. She enters a relationship with Mr. Meng who is married and later becomes pregnant. She refuses to have an abortion and when the Second Sino-Japanese War begins, Meng leaves Shanghai and abandons Mo. The movie studio is shut down and Mo returns home. She gives birth to Li and blames her child for everything she has lost. Her mother's boyfriend (this is never explicitly stated but implied) also tries to seduce her, using the guise of a free hair appointment. Her mother finds out, and commits suicide not long after. Li (also played by Zhang Ziyi) had grown up with her mother Mo (now played by Joan Chen) in misery. Mo still remembers her dream of being a movie star. Li marries Zou Jie (Lu Yi) who was a member of her high school's chapter of the Communist Youth League of China. After marriage, they move into Jie's home but unused to their lifestyle and unable to bear a child of her own, they move back to stay with Mo. Li eventually adopts a baby girl named Hua. Li later becomes mentally unstable. Li's situation gets steadily worse and she even accuses Zou for violating Hua, her adopted daughter. Li’s family collapses and her husband Zou commits suicide by throwing himself at an oncoming train. Li leaves home; her fate is unknown, and Hua is left to live with Mo. Li disappeared when Hua (Zhang Ziyi) was still very young and she grew up with her grandmother Mo (Joan Chen). Mo finds comfort in taking care of her granddaughter. When Hua grew up she married a college graduate, Du (Liu Ye). After marriage, Du went for further studies overseas in Japan and after that, decided to leave Hua. Unfortunately, Hua was already carrying Du’s child. Mo strongly encouraged her to abort the baby because of her experiences with having a child and being unprepared for it, but Hua decided against it. Hua decided to check into a family planning clinic/hospital to have an abortion in any case, but before she could arrive home, Mo died. Years later, Du returns to Hua to 'finalise things', but it seems Hua had moved on with her life. Closing scenes show her moving into a new home with her daughter.
Life for Ruth	British	drama	Basil Dearden	John Harris finds himself ostracized and placed on trial for allowing his daughter Ruth to die. His religious beliefs forbade him to give consent for a blood transfusion that would have saved her life. Doctor Brown is determined to seek justice for what he sees as the needless death of a young girl.
Life Show	Chinese	drama	Huo Jianqi	Life Show follows a woman, Lai Shuangyang (Tao Hong), who operates a duck neck stall in night market in an unnamed city in central China (the film was shot in Chongqing[1]). Though Shuangyang keeps her cool, her life is filled with complications. Her brother drug-addicted Jiujiu has been committed to a sanitarium Her assistant, Mei, who has fallen in love with Jiujiu, attempts suicide. Her sister in law, Xiaojin, always leaves Shuangyang's nephew for Shuangyang to take care of. At the same time, Shuangyang is trying to regain her family's home, which was given to a neighbor during the Cultural Revolution. Perhaps worst of all, Shuangyang is at risk of losing her restaurant. Into this morass, Shuangyang starts to notice one of her customers, Zhou Xiongzhou, a middle-aged businessman who has been frequenting her restaurant for a year. Despite concerns, she decides to take the risk with Xiongzhou and the two begin an unassuming romance.
I Shot Andy Warhol	American	drama	Mary Harron	The film opens moments after the shooting, quickly followed by a scene with Valerie Solanas in custody for shooting Andy Warhol. The film then uses flashbacks to when Valerie is living in New York making a living as a sex worker, then to her difficult childhood, then to her success in studying psychology at college. Here, Valerie discovers that she is a lesbian, that she can write, and that she has a distinctive view of the world. This leads her to New York City and its downtown underworld. Through her friend Stevie, she meets Candy Darling, who in turn introduces her to Andy Warhol. Meanwhile, Valerie also meets Maurice Girodias, the publisher of Olympia Press. While Valerie wants Warhol to produce her play, Up Your Ass, Girodias wants her to write a pornographic novel for him. Once she signs a contract with Girodias, she comes to suspect his offer is not a generous one and may not be in her best interest. She comes to regret signing this contract. At this point, her increasing derangement leads her to believe that Warhol and Girodias are controlling her. The film concludes, where it began, with Solanas' attempted murder of Warhol. The film then steps ten years into the future, where Warhol lives in fear the rest of his life that Valerie will strike again while he continues his life up until his death, and in death Valerie's pornographic novel was the SCUM manifesto, which is now regarded as a feminist classic.[citation needed]
The Crossing	Turkish	drama	Selim Demirdelen	Güven works at an accounting firm and leads an ordinary life. He is happily married and has a daughter that he loves more than anything. He boasts endlessly to his colleagues about his daughter’s achievements. His daughter is equally devoted to him, calling him every day when she gets home from school. After an ordinary day at work, Güven leaves his office, takes the bus. He walks on his empty street, comes home to his three-storey apartment building. He enters his apartment, changes his clothes, washes his face, and sits down on the sofa in the living room. The living room is empty. The house is empty.
Enemies, a Love Story	American	drama	Paul Mazursky	Set in New York City in 1949, the story follows Holocaust survivor Herman Broder. Throughout the war he survived hidden in a hayloft, taken care of by his Gentile Polish servant, Yadwiga, whom he later takes as his wife in America. Meanwhile, he has a passionate affair with another Holocaust survivor, Masha. To Yadwiga, he poses as a traveling book-salesman despite the fact he is a ghost writer for a corrupt rabbi. He wanders about New York with a constant paranoia and perpetual desperation, made more complicated when his first wife from Poland, Tamara, who was thought to have been killed in the Holocaust comes to New York.
American Dreams in China	Chinese	drama	Peter Chan	About three young men from poor backgrounds achieving success by establishing a reputable English teaching school.
Golden Madonna	British	drama	Ladislao Vajda	A young British woman who owns a villa in Italy offends the village she lives in by throwing away a sacred painting that they consider lucky and protector of the community. To redeem herself she goes out in search to try to recover it.
The Running Man	British	drama	Carol Reed	In Croydon, England, seemingly grieving Stella Black (Lee Remick) has just returned home from her husband's funeral. Apparently, he died in a gliding accident when the glider he had rented crashed into the sea, and his body was never recovered. In reality, she knows her husband Rex Black (Laurence Harvey) is still alive and has been in hiding at a seaside boarding house for three months under the assumed name of Erskine, a shoe salesman on vacation, between the time of his death and the funeral. He has just clandestinely returned home following the funeral. They are perpetrating this ruse to collect on the £50,000 life insurance money from the Excelsior Insurance Company. They feel Excelsior owes them this money as, in the previous year, Excelsior did not pay out a £20,000 business insurance claim when his airplane, which he used to operate his own transport company, went down in bad weather on a flight to Hamburg, West Germany, and was destroyed. His insurance had lapsed by two days due to an error in not paying the latest premium – Rex admitting that it may have been his error - which in turn ruined his business. Rex is close to being spotted at the house when Excelsior agent Stephen Maddux (Alan Bates) stops by unexpectedly to discuss details of the claim with Stella, most specifically confirmation from her that Rex's death was not suicide over his business failure. The next phase of the plan is for Rex to fly to Paris immediately. Stella, handling the finances, is to collect the insurance money, have it deposited in a bank account in Málaga, Spain, where she will be emigrating. She is then to take out a specific ad in The Daily Telegraph, which is code in informing Rex that all has been accomplished. Three days later, she is to fly to Málaga, where he will meet her. In Málaga, Rex is able to steal the passport of a drunken Jim Jerome, an Australian sheep farmer, and doctor it to make it look as his own. Rex is now perpetrating the identity of Jerome, complete with facial hair, dyed blond hair, and an Australian accent, for the remainder of his stay in Málaga. Three days after placing the ad, Stella arrives in Málaga, and eventually meets up with Rex and his new group of international friends who only know him as sheep farmer Jim Jerome. They believe Stella is his casual widowed girlfriend, who he met while on recent previous travels to London. At the bank, Rex and Stella go into the process of converting the insurance money into a bank draft which can be cashed anywhere in the world. This process will take one week. In the meantime, they are to simulate slowly moving into a more committed relationship, which Stella does not like if only because she feels the process is too slow, since she already has largely been without Rex for over three months, and because Rex is staying with his international friends, which include some beautiful women. Stella also admits that she does not like Jerome and by association what it looks Rex has become, a man doing anything for money, which he uses to buy a flashy new automobile, and expensive earrings for Stella. He also implies that he is in the process of another insurance scam where Jerome will die a premature death, which will allow them to collect further life insurance money. A British man who Stella recognizes but can't remember approaches her. He eventually divulges that he is Excelsior's agent, Stephen Maddux, who states he is in Málaga on vacation. He asks her out for dinner which she sweetly declines. Stella and Rex later discuss the issue. Stella believes Stephen is a sweet lonely man who just wanted company with someone he had previously met, albeit in less than pleasant circumstances, while Rex believes his arrival is too coincidental, and that he is looking for evidence as to their insurance fraud. After an argument, they agree to get away from Stephen by spending the week in a town down the coast until the bank draft is completed. Rex and Stella get settled there, when Stephen arrives. Stephen notices Rex by the car he saw Stella previously drive. Rex does not immediately recognize Stephen until Stella arrives on the scene, she introducing Stephen to Jim Jerome. Then, Rex believes a better tact to take, now that he knows Stephen knows that he and Stella are traveling together, is to keep Stephen close so that they can find out exactly how much he knows or suspects. If and when Stephen reveals that he knows too much, they will deal with him at that time in the appropriate manner. The immediate issue is for Stella to get another room, as they aren't supposed to be that close yet. Rex believes that in perpetrating only a casual relationship between the two of them, Stephen might be more willing to open up to her. Rex's plan places a further wedge between himself and Stella, who just wants to be with her husband. As Stella and Rex spend more time with Stephen that week, they find that he seems to ask a lot of questions about their lives, and that he secretly keeps writing things in a little notebook he carries around with him everywhere. Stephen takes a photograph of them, which Rex believes he wants as evidence for the insurance company. As such, Rex accidentally drops the camera in the water. As Rex heads to Málaga one day to pick up the bank draft and to insure the earrings he bought Stella, he gives Stella the task of trying to get a look at Stephen's notebook. During their day together, Stella almost lets slip to Stephen that Rex and Jerome are indeed one and the same person. In turn, Stephen starts to tell her something – what she believes will be that he knows their ruse as he talks about her spending the insurance money and traveling aimlessly around the world – when she stops him. Seeing Stephen's room door ajar and knowing he is not inside, Stella sneaks in and tries to find his notebook. Stephen catches her in his room before she could read the notebook's contents, and Stella implies that she was in his room to seduce him. They make love. After their lovemaking session, Stephen tells her among other things that he no longer works for the insurance company, and that what he writes in his notebook are musings about his travels, which he shows her. She now realizes that he knows nothing about their scam and that his interest in them is purely as a man wanting a woman. She is so relieved that once again, with her guard down, she lets slip that Jerome is Rex, but is able to cover up her mistake. When Rex returns from Málaga, he first runs into Stephen, who talks as if he knows what's going on with their scam without actually saying it. As such, Rex later tells Stella that their new plan, with no more scams, is to ditch Stephen by leaving first thing in the morning before he awakens, and cross the border into Gibraltar. Relieved that there will be no more scams, Stella does not tell Rex what she has found out about Stephen. The next morning, Stephen, awake and alone in his bed, finds one of Stella's expensive earrings in the bed. Hearing a noise outside, he gets up and sees Rex and Stella driving off in their car. He rushes off to catch up with them in order to return Stella's earring. He is able to catch up to them as they are caught behind a temporary roadblock in town. Rex is standing at the roadblock seeing what is going on while Stephen approaches Stella in the car. Stella initially believes Stephen has come for her, but Stephen shows Stella the earring. She thinks this could get her into trouble with Rex if he finds out. Stephen is unable to return the earring as Rex returns. Rex, seeing Stephen, is angry as he still believes Stephen is after them. On the surface however, Rex is cordial, telling Stephen to meet him and Stella for a drink further up the mountain. With Stephen following the pair in his own car along the winding mountain road, Rex tries to run Stephen off the road and over the cliff. Rex, seeing Stephen's car go off the road, believes he has been successful. Stella is horrified. Two road workers witness the event, and are able to save Stephen, whose car, albeit in a precarious position, only slid a small distance down the hill. Stephen believes Rex tried to run him off the road out of jealousy, since he thinks Stella told him about their tryst. Rex, with a hysterical Stella as his passenger, drives off toward the Gibraltar border. Reaching the border, they are stopped behind a long line of cars. Once they reach border patrol, they are questioned. The telephone rings. It is the police, who have reached Stephen in the mountain. They alert border patrol to stop Rex and Stella. When Rex figures out what is going on, he notices that Stella has run off into the crowd with the bank draft. He jumps back into the car and drives off into the crowd chasing after Stella. Rex eventually catches up with Stella in a crowded church. Angry, he tries quietly to get the bank draft from her. She replies that he will never be able to cash the draft as the authorities everywhere will know he killed Stephen, thanks to Stephen having her insured earring in his possession. Incensed, Rex tries to strangle Stella out of jealousy. He stops as he realizes what he is doing. When the police arrive, Rex runs off to his car and drives off while the police take Stella into custody. At the police station, Stella is surprised to see Stephen there, alive. Stephen refuses to press charges against either Rex or Stella, Stephen still believes Rex’s actions were purely out of jealousy. Stella continues the ruse as she tells Stephen that she told Jerome about their tryst. Meanwhile, Rex drives to an airfield and steals a plane. He is able to get the plane up into the air over the ocean. However, he is initially unaware of a leak in the fuel line. The plane runs out of fuel mid-air and crashes into the ocean. Rex is pulled out of the water, barely alive, and returned to the Spanish dock, where Stella and the police are waiting. As Rex dies, Stella still continues the ruse, stating to the police that he is Jim Jerome, an Australian man she barely knew.
Sadgati	Bollywood	drama	Satyajit Ray	The film is a vicious indictment of the Indian caste system. When a poor and low caste village shoemender, Dukhi (Om Puri), goes to the village Brahmin (Hindu priest) (Mohan Agashe) to get the date of his daughter's marriage fixed, the Brahmin in turn asks for labour without pay in exchange. The ensuing events turn the tables against the priest, who in the end has to forego the lofty traditions, including that of untouchability, he held so dearly all his life as village priest.[1]
Cannes Man	American	drama	Richard Martini	Frank 'Rhino' Rhinoslavsky (Quinn) is a dumb part-time cab driver in New York City who wants to break into film business. He doesn't have anything to offer, and just thinks that he can start at the top, as a writer. Opportunity knocks on Frank's door when he goes to the Cannes Film Festival in Cannes, France to deliver some props to Troma, Inc. So, he meets Sy Lerner (Seymor Cassel), perhaps a bigger loser in movie business and as each person interviewed in this mockumentary, he has made a fool out of a lot of industry executives and cost them plenty of money. Lerner makes a bet with his friend that he can take any shmoe off the street and turn them into the biggest success around. And Frank is his shmoe. 'Rhino' is going to create the same success by letting others do all the work. Sy Lerner takes on Frank as his pet project. He shows Frank how to dress and behave, tells him how to respond when being interviewed such as never saying too much, and always being ambiguous. Then Sy Lerner comes up with the vehicle for Frank's reputation, by naming him the writer of a new movie. Only the movie doesn't exist and Frank isn't a writer. And, even knowing Lerner's reputation, people buy into the garbage. And now, everyone wants a piece of that action. Lerner and Frank (now given a fitting industry name of Frank Rhino) have everyone knocking down their door, popular directors, big name producers, and famous actors (including Johnny Depp and Jim Jarmusch). Interviews, press opportunities, everything: Frank is the Cannes Man, and he didn't have to do much to get it. So, they are at the Cannes Film Festival. It's where deals get made, producers get laid, and stars get paid. It's where all the movie industry meets to buy and sell all the movies on the planet. And it's where the art of the deal can be filled with more laughs than the deal itself.
The Treatment	Chinese	drama	Zheng Xiaolong	Grandfather Xu (Zhu Xu) comes from China to visit the family of his son, Datong Xu (Tony Leung), in St. Louis. While there, he gives his grandson, Dennis Xu (Dennis Zhu), a treatment of Gua Sha to treat a slight fever (being unable to read English labels of medicine). Social workers, however, mistake the harmless traditional Chinese medical treatment for child abuse due to the obvious marks left on Dennis' back. The life of the family is sent into turmoil when Dennis is taken away by the child protection agency. In court, the prosecution includes Datong's inclusion of a Chinese legendary character Sun Wukong (Chinese traditional: 孫悟空; simplified: 孙悟空) in his design of a violent video game. The prosecution implies that since Datong includes violence in his game, he values it. Datong, who is furious, insists that the prosecution does not understand the cultural value of Sun Wukong[1][2] and that the icon's inclusion does not mean he abuses his son. He insists that what he does in his job does not relate to how he runs his home. Meanwhile, Grandfather Xu leaves America because he finds that the living environment is really not suitable for him, as he does not want to live in a place where a simple, harmless treatment like Gua Sha, which is so common in China, is treated as child abuse in America. Furthermore, he cannot converse in English. Datong's friend and lawyer, John Quilin (Hollis Houston), tries Gua Sha and proves that the treatment leaves painful-looking marks that are not actually painful or harmful at all. Finally, Datong is able to return home and the family is reunited. This movie's story is meant to demonstrate the difference between western and Chinese culture.
1984	British	drama	Michael Radford	In a dystopian 1984, Winston Smith endures a squalid existence in the totalitarian superstate of Oceania under the constant surveillance of the Thought Police. The story takes place in London, the capital city of the territory of Airstrip One (formerly either England or Britain). Winston works in a small office cubicle at the Ministry of Truth, rewriting history in accordance with the dictates of the Party and its supreme figurehead, Big Brother. A man haunted by painful memories and restless desires, Winston is an everyman who keeps a secret diary of his private thoughts, thus creating evidence of his thoughtcrime. His life takes a major turn when he is accosted by a fellow Outer Party worker — a mysterious, bold-looking girl named Julia — and they begin an illicit affair. Their first meeting takes place in the remote countryside where they exchange subversive ideas before having sex. Shortly after, Winston rents a room above a pawn shop (in the less restrictive proletarian area) where they continue their liaison. Julia — a sensual, free-spirited young woman — procures contraband food and clothing on the black market, and for a brief few months they secretly meet and enjoy an idyllic life of relative freedom and contentment together. It comes to an end one evening, with the sudden raid of the Thought Police. They are both arrested and it's revealed that there is a telescreen hidden behind a picture on the wall in their room, and that the charmingly old-fashioned and seemingly sensitive proprietor of the pawn shop, Mr. Charrington, is a covert agent of the Thought Police. Winston and Julia are taken away to the Ministry of Love to be detained, questioned and rehabilitated separately. There O'Brien, a high-ranking member of the Inner Party whom Winston had previously believed to be a fellow thought criminal and agent of the resistance movement led by the archenemy of the Party, Emmanuel Goldstein, systematically tortures him. O'Brien instructs Winston about the state's true purpose and schools him in a kind of catechism on the principles of doublethink — the practice of holding two contradictory thoughts in the mind simultaneously. For his final rehabilitation, Winston is brought to Room 101, where O'Brien tells him he will be subjected to the worst thing in the world, designed specifically around Smith's personal phobias. When confronted with this unbearable horror — which turns out to be a cage filled with wild rats — Winston's psychological resistance finally and irretrievably breaks down, and he hysterically repudiates his allegiance to Julia. Now completely subjugated and purged of any rebellious thoughts, impulses, or personal attachments, Winston is restored to physical health and released. In the final scene, Winston returns to the Chestnut Tree Café, where he had previously seen the rehabilitated thought criminals Jones, Aaronson and Rutherford (themselves once prominent but later disgraced members of the Inner Party) who have since been vaporized and rendered unpersons. While sitting at the chess table, Winston is approached by Julia, who was similarly rehabilitated. They share a bottle of Victory Gin and impassively exchange a few words about how they have betrayed each other. They act indifferently towards each other. After she leaves, Winston watches a broadcast of himself on the large telescreen confessing his crimes against the state and imploring forgiveness from the populace. Upon hearing a news report declaring the Oceanian army's utter rout of the enemy (Eurasian)'s forces in North Africa, Winston looks at the still image of Big Brother that appears on the telescreen, then turns away and has tears in his eyes.
3 Generations	American	drama	Gaby Dellal	The movie opens with sixteen year old Ramona with his mother Maggie, grandmother, and grandmother's partner at the doctor getting final instructions on gender transition. Ray lives with his unmarried mother, who lives with her domineering lesbian mother, Dolly and her partner, Frances. The four live together and they all have trouble with the new gender terms. Dolly thinks it would be easier if Ray would just be a lesbian, while Maggie understands that Ray is a transgender man. Ray is ready to start testosterone shots and change schools, but he needs written consent from both parents. Ray's father is an absent parent and Maggie is afraid to make such a permanent decision. Maggie locates the 10-year absent father but he wants some time to think. Blaming father Craig's indecision gives Maggie time to stall. On his own, Ray locates his father to find him remarried with 3 children. He also learns that Maggie slept with Craig's brother and uncle Matthew might be his real father. Maggie is the reason he never had a father. Ray feels lied to, alone, and as though he will be trapped in a female body forever. Grandma Dolly decides it's time for the four to have a man in the house. She now supports Ray's transition to a man. Matthew and Maggie talk. Craig signs the consent form after the Maggie signs. Ray finds happiness. The movie ends with everyone out to dinner at a Japanese restaurant.
Burning Sands	American	drama	Gerard McMurray	Five young men pledge Lambda Lambda Phi fraternity at the Historically Black College/University Frederick Douglass University. Student Zurich leads the pledge class as they endure big brother hazing on campus and at line ups at fraternity house. The pledges balance their time in class with English professor Hughes and their new fraternity life of parties, sorority girls and dating. The pledge class learns the brotherhood mottos and bond together because of or despite moral and physical hazing. Dean Richardson, a Lambda Phi alumnus, holds himself out as an example of the fraternity system and extolls its virtues. He makes himself available to be told of pledge abuse but not far enough to break the fraternity code of silence and secrecy. One night the hazing goes too far and a big brother advises the pledge class to drop off an injured pledge at the emergency room but to avoid the cameras. Despite the advice, the young neophyte fraternity brothers wait together at the hospital awaiting the fate of their friend, Frank. After seconds of waiting the doctor tells them that Frank died of a ruptured aorta artery. Zurich takes out his cell phone and calls his dad, realizing why his father never joined the fraternity, and the movie ends.
Chacha Bhatija	Bollywood	drama	Manmohan Desai	Teja (Rahman (actor)) lives with his family, wife-Sita, brother-Shanker (Dharmendra), and a son-Sunder (Randhir Kapoor). The family live happily. Things take a turn for the worse, after death of Sita. Teja wants to re-marry, and he does so. Now his new wife is Sonia (Sonia Sahni), who comes to live with him at his palatial home with her brother, Laxmidas (Jeevan (actor)). They have a devious agenda of taking over Teja's property. Soon after marriage, misunderstandings arise, and Shanker is asked to leave the house. These misunderstandings involve Sunder, who also is asked to leave the house by Teja. He thinks that his brother and son are conspiring against his newly-wedded wife Soniya. after some years, Sunder has grown up to be a conman, and Shanker became a black-marketeer. Both chacha Shankar and bhatija Sunder meet without knowing each other's identity, and a confrontation takes place. When they realize they are relatives, they decide to expose Sonia, and open Teja's eyes, who is completely blinded by Sonia's love, and will not let anyone to come between them.
Oh, What a Night	American	drama	Eric Till	Seventeen-year-old Eric Hansen, played by Corey Haim embarks on a journey in his new town during the summer of 1955 which will change his life forever.
The Women of Brewster Place	American	drama	Donna Deutch	The story begins with Mattie Michael (Oprah Winfrey) moving into Brewster Place, a run-down urban tenement. She then reflects upon her life, which is told in flashback. As a young girl, Mattie resides on a farm with her parents. She is later seduced by a local womanizer named Butch Fuller and becomes pregnant. When Mattie refuses to tell her father the name of the man responsible, a violent confrontation ensues. Afterwards, Mattie leaves home and stays with her friend Etta Mae Johnson (Jackée) until her son Basil is born. When Etta Mae decides to move to New York City, Mattie struggles to find another place to live. By chance, she meets an old woman, Miss Eva Turner (Barbara Montgomery), who allows Mattie and Basil to live with her, refusing to charge them any rent. Miss Eva is also raising her baby granddaughter Ciel, who was abandoned by her parents shortly after her birth. Ciel and Basil grow up together with Miss Eva providing child care while Mattie continues to work. When Miss Eva dies unexpectedly, Ciel's parents reappear, and take her with them. Mattie buys the house, using the money she secretly set aside for the rent that Miss Eva never did charge. Basil grows into a spoiled, irresponsible young man due to Mattie's overbearing parenting and her hesitation to pursue any romantic relationships for herself. One night Basil is arrested and thrown in jail for killing a man during a bar fight. He complains to Mattie about the horrid conditions of the jail but refuses to take responsibility for his actions. Mattie then puts up her house as bail for Basil, but when he flees town, Mattie is forced to leave her home. With nowhere else to go, she moves to Brewster Place where she is welcomed by the now-adult Ciel (Lynn Whitfield). Other residents of Brewster Place include Ben, the elderly handyman (Moses Gunn); Cora Lee, a welfare mother with six unruly children by different fathers (Phyllis Yvonne Stickney); Miss Sophie, an elderly self-righteous gossip (Olivia Cole); and a young educated couple, Melanie Kiswana Browne (Robin Givens) and her boyfriend Abshu (Leon). Mattie's old friend Etta Mae, who has grown weary of living life in the fast lane, soon returns to live with Mattie. She hopes to meet a nice man to settle down within her old age, but her efforts come to naught. Ciel has a loving adoration for her infant daughter Serena but has an equally troubled relationship with her husband Gene (William Allen Young), a dock worker who periodically drifts in and out of their lives. Ciel still loves Gene and welcomes him back when he suddenly returns, but she finds herself pregnant again. Frustrated about his current unemployment, he cruelly rejects the prospect of another child. Ciel then aborts the child but learns that Gene is planning to leave again and confronts him. As they argue, in the next room, Serena is electrocuted as she sticks a pair of scissors into a nearby outlet. Traumatized and deeply grieved by her daughter's loss, Ciel falls into a deep depression, willing herself to die. Mattie boldly declares that she will allow Ciel to leave this world over her dead body. After nursing her back to health, Mattie discovers that Ciel has disappeared, taking her belongings with her. Unlike the other residents, Melanie's family is affluent, and her parents are horrified at her living conditions. Melanie, who wants to be called Kiswana, resides in Brewster Place for financial independence from her parents. She hopes to connect to the surrounding black community, and her African roots as well. Melanie's mother, Mrs. Browne (Cicely Tyson), visits her apartment and the two quickly butt heads. Melanie accuses her mother of being disconnected from her African roots and harboring shame over her blackness. Mrs. Browne passionately addresses Melanie's lack of understanding regarding the depth of her own family's history and legacy. Melanie and Abshu try to improve the lives of the other residents by starting a tenants' association; the goal being to rally together and take action against the landlord for lack of building maintenance. At the tenants' meetings, the residents seem more interested in airing their grievances with each other than in banding together against the landlord as a common enemy. Undeterred, Melanie even paints colorful murals on the brick wall that the other tenants despise, and the local gang of thugs led by drug dealer C.C. (Glenn Plummer) gather near and paint graffiti on. She eventually connects with Cora Lee, and invites her and her children to Abshu's modern production of A Midsummer Night's Dream. The fun-filled experience reestablishes Cora Lee's faith in her children and her role as a parent. A lesbian couple, Lorraine (Lonette McKee) and Theresa Tee (Paula Kelly) move into Brewster Place, much to the dismay of Miss Sophie who spies on them through her window and spreads malicious gossip about them. She later humiliates Lorraine at a tenants' meeting, only to be embarrassed by Ben, who comes to Lorraine's defense. Miss Sophie is further excoriated by Melanie, who orders her out of her apartment. Lorraine is consoled by Ben and the two become friends. Lorraine wants to fit in with the neighbors, worried that she will lose her job as a teacher if her sexuality is discovered. She has already moved from two previous neighborhoods because of her fear of gossip. Tee, on the other hand, is friendly but doesn't care if the neighbors accept her and don't want to socialize with them. She is happy socializing with other gay people and thinks Lorraine should just accept that being a lesbian makes one different from other people. Lorraine, however, refuses to accept that. Melanie and Abshu organize a block party to raise money for a lawyer to fight the landlord, and all the residents except Lorraine and Tee attend. Ciel makes a surprise appearance at the party and is happily reunited with her friends Mattie and Etta Mae. Lorraine and Tee are due to attend another party at a gay club, but get into an argument, and Lorraine leaves the house alone. She knocks on Ben's door, unaware that he's at the block party. She is then accosted by C.C. who violently rapes her and leaves her, bleeding and battered, behind the trash cans near the brick wall. Ben discovers her while helping with the trash cleanup from the party. He attempts to help her, but Lorraine, emotionally scarred from her attack, beats him away with a board. She then holds off all the other residents until the ambulance arrives, taking both her and Ben away along with Tee, who found out about the incident from one of the neighbors. Mattie, whose anger has finally overcome her feelings that any action to better her life is useless, grabs a crowbar and starts to chip away at the much-despised brick wall. All the other residents grab tools and, finally coming together as a community, join together in knocking down the wall.
Pink String and Sealing Wax	British	drama	Robert Hamer	The wife of a pub landlord in Victorian Brighton, who is having an affair, wants to rid herself of her abusive husband. To accomplish this she befriends a young man who works in his father's chemist shop and thus has access to poison.
Golapi Ekhon Traine - The Endless Trail	Bangladeshi	drama	Amjad Hossain	Mondol (A.T.M. Shamsuzzaman) is an influential person in the village. His son Milon (Farooque) likes the girl of a street singer (Anwar Hossain) Golapi (Bobita). In the meantime, Mondol brings a bridegroom for Golapi but they demand a cycle. Golapi's father cannot afford this so Milon pay for the cycle. But for some reason the marriage does not take place and Golapi's father commits suicide. As a result, Golapi's family fall into grief and she starts to work in different places by train. The people from the village do not take this positively and sit to desert them to work on trains.
Dekha, Na-Dekhay	Bengali	drama	Arnab Ghoshal	The story of the film revolves around the life of a 23-year-old boy from a North Kolkata family named Anupam (played by Samadarshi Dutta). He stays with his mother (Laboni Sarkar) and uncle (Koushik Bandyopadhyay). He is totally spoiled and pampered, has not learnt to stand on his own feet yet, and is more like a child than a man of his age. He has no idea of the world outside. He is dreamy and spends his time doing nothing. His uncle was looking for a bride for him. Harish (Prasun Gayen), his senior in college comes across him one day and offers to help his uncle to look for a bride for Anupam. He suggested Dr Shambhunath's (Mrinal Mukherjee) daughter Kalyani (Debosmita Saha) for his friend. After a little persuasion, Anupam's uncle approves of the alliance. But on the day of the marriage, Anupam's uncle insults Kalyani's father. As a result, Kalyani refuses to marry Anupam. She and her father goes away to a place far away. This affects Anupam badly who decides to do something about it. He leaves his house and goes away in search of Kalyani. He finds her and offers to help her in her work. Though she has sworn never to get married, she finally relents in allowing Anupam to be with her and help in her work.[1][2]
Jalal's Story	Bangladeshi	drama	Abu Shahed	Just as Moses was found in the river Nile, an infant is rescued from a river, and adopted by Miraj, Karim and Sajib in turns over the years, only to be abandoned at the various stages of his life. From innocence to becoming a gangster, the unpredictable currents of Jalal's journey prove that he is truly a child of the river.
Anokhi Raat	Bollywood	drama	Asit Sen	The events depicted in the film take place on a single night and results in several characters sharing their life stories. It is a fascinating depiction of some of the challenges faced by the poor and by women in Indian society, some of which continue to this day.[2]
The Scarlet Letter	American	drama	Roland Joffé	It is 1667 in the Massachusetts Bay Colony, and an uneasy truce exists between local Puritans and their neighbors, the Algonquian. Chief Metacomet succeeds his father Massasoit as head of the latter just as a new colonist, Hester Prynne arrives overseas from England. As Hester waits for her husband - who is due to follow shortly after - she falls for a young minister, Arthur Dimmesdale. When it emerges that Roger Prynne has likely been killed by Native Americans, they become inseparable lovers. Finding herself pregnant with Dimmesdale's child, Hester is imprisoned for her indiscretion. The minister intends to declare his sin and face execution, but Hester convinces him otherwise. Sentenced to wear a scarlet A for adultery, Prynne is ostracized by the public, and a drummer boy charged to follow her whenever she comes to town. Meanwhile, Hester's husband resurfaces, having spent his absence in captivity as a prisoner of war. Learning of the scandal, he adopts the fictitious guise of Dr. Roger Chillingworth and begins seeking out her paramour. The physician eventually murders a male settler leaving Hester's home and scalps him in an effort to implicate Algonquian warriors. Infuriated by this atrocity, the colonists declare war on the Indians and Roger, distraught by the severe consequences of his action, promptly commits suicide. Hester is nearly hanged with other undesirables in the ensuing outrage, but Dimmesdale saves her neck by confessing that he is the father of her child. As he takes her place on the gallows, the Algonquian attack Massachusetts Bay; both sides sustain heavy casualties. The Puritans are more concerned with concealing the conflict from England than harassing Hester any further; she finally abandons her scarlet letter and departs with Dimmesdale for Carolina.
Do the Right Thing	American	drama	Spike Lee	Mookie (Spike Lee) is a 25-year-old delivery man living in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn with his sister Jade (Joie Lee). He and his girlfriend Tina (Rosie Perez) have a toddler son named Hector (Travell Toulson). He works at the local pizzeria, but lacks ambition. Sal (Danny Aiello), the pizzeria's Italian-American owner, has been in the neighborhood for 25 years. His older son Pino (John Turturro) intensely dislikes blacks, and does not get along with Mookie. Because of this, Pino is at odds with both his father, who refuses to leave the increasingly African-American neighborhood, and his younger brother Vito (Richard Edson), who is friendly with Mookie. The neighborhood is full of distinct personalities, including Da Mayor (Ossie Davis), a friendly drunk; Mother Sister (Ruby Dee), who watches the neighborhood from her brownstone; Radio Raheem (Bill Nunn), who blasts Public Enemy on his boombox wherever he goes; and Smiley (Roger Guenveur Smith), a mentally disabled man, who meanders around the neighborhood trying to sell hand-colored pictures of Malcolm X and Martin Luther King, Jr. While at Sal's, Mookie's trouble-making b-boyish friend Buggin' Out (Giancarlo Esposito) questions Sal about his Wall of Fame, a wall decorated with photos of famous Italian-Americans. Buggin' Out demands that Sal put up pictures of black celebrities since Sal's pizzeria is in a black neighborhood. Sal replies that it is his business, and that he can have whomever he wants on The Wall of Fame. Buggin' Out attempts to start a protest over the Wall of Fame. Only Radio Raheem and Smiley support him. During the day, the heat and tensions begin to rise. The local teenagers open a fire hydrant and douse the street, before police officers intervene. Mookie and Pino begin arguing over race. Mookie confronts Pino about his negative attitudes towards African Americans, even though his favorite celebrities are. Various characters then spew flowery racial insults into the camera: Mookie against Italians, Pino against African Americans, Latino Stevie (Luis Antonio Ramos) against Koreans, white police officer Gary Long (Rick Aiello) against Puerto Ricans, and Korean store owner Sonny (Steve Park) against Jews. Pino and Sal talk about the neighborhood, with Pino expressing his contempt for African-Americans, and Sal insisting that he is not leaving. Sal almost fires Mookie, but Jade intervenes, before Mookie confronts her for being too close to Sal. That night, Buggin' Out, Radio Raheem, and Smiley march into Sal's and demand that Sal change the Wall of Fame. Raheem's boombox is blaring and Sal demands that he turn it off, but he refuses. Buggin' Out calls Sal and sons guineas, threatening to close down the pizzeria until they change the Wall of Fame. Sal, in a fit of frustration, calls him a nigger and destroys the boombox with a baseball bat. Raheem attacks Sal, leading to a violent fight that spills out into the street, attracting a crowd. While Radio Raheem is choking Sal, the police arrive. They break up the fight and apprehend Radio Raheem and Buggin' Out. Despite the pleas of his fellow officers and the onlookers, one officer refuses to release his chokehold on Raheem, killing him. Realizing that Raheem has been killed in front of onlookers, the officers place his body in the back of a squad car and drive off, leaving Sal, Pino, and Vito unprotected. The onlookers, enraged about Radio Raheem's death, blame Sal and his sons. Mookie grabs a trash can and throws it through the window of Sal's pizzeria, sparking the crowd to rush into the restaurant and destroy it, with Smiley finally setting it on fire. Da Mayor pulls Sal, Pino, and Vito out of the mob's way. Firemen and riot patrols arrive to put out the fire and disperse the crowd. After police issue a warning, the firefighters turn their hoses on the rioters, leading to more fighting and arrests. Mookie and Jade sit on the curb, watching in disbelief. Smiley wanders back into the smoldering building and hangs one of his pictures on what is left of Sal's Wall of Fame. The next day, after an argument with Tina, Mookie returns to Sal, who feels that Mookie betrayed him. Mookie demands his weekly pay, leading to an argument. They cautiously reconcile, and Sal finally pays Mookie. Mister Señor Love Daddy (Samuel L. Jackson), a local DJ, dedicates a song to Raheem. The film ends with two quotations expressing different views about violence, one from Martin Luther King and one from Malcolm X, before fading to a photograph of them shaking hands. Prior to the credits, Lee dedicates the film to the families of six victims of police brutality: Eleanor Bumpurs, Michael Griffith, Arthur Miller, Jr., Edmund Perry, Yvonne Smallwood, and Michael Stewart.
The Caterpillar Wish	Australian	drama	Sandra Sciberras	A sleepy seaside town, in winter. Emily, a seventeen-year-old schoolgirl, lives with her mother Susan. Emily never knew her father. According to her mother, he was a tom cat - a tourist who wandered into town one summer and was never seen again. Susan is struggling to forget the past. She hasn’t spoken to her fervently religious parents for years, not since she shamed the family by falling pregnant at fifteen. Emily actively pursues a friendship with father-figure Stephen, who spends his days fixing boats at the harbour. But Stephen has his own troubles, constantly haunted by the past, unable to keep the loss of his wife and baby daughter from his thoughts. Stephen’s sister Elizabeth is married to the town policeman Carl. Elizabeth suspects Carl is being unfaithful but is scared to uncover the truth. Her son Joel has a secret love of his own. When a Bible turns up with an intriguing inscription, Emily is the first to realise that hoping for change is not enough.
Angela	American	drama	Rebecca Miller	Angela is a 10-year-old girl trying to cope with a dysfunctional family and is on a quest to purify herself. Her parents, Mae and Andrew, are former performers who have resigned themselves to the loss of their dreams. They are now having problems in their relationship. Mae has drastic mood shifts that bring her from manic happiness to utter misery. Andrew tries to hold everyone together, but Mae's vacillations are becoming more than he can manage. Angela tries to cope by inventing an imaginary universe of 'order' for herself and her 6 year old little sister, Ellie. Left to figure out everything for themselves, she grabs at scraps of religion, superstition, and fantasy to try to make some sense out of the world and understand the difference between good and evil. Adrift, she and Ellie concoct magical rituals and have visions of fallen angels and the Virgin Mary; reading signs in the way a towel falls off a chair or a tool falls off a truck, they set off to find their way to heaven. They wander through the neighborhood, meet a lot of strange people, and try to find a way to absolve themselves of whatever 'sins' they may have committed, and 'go to heaven'. At first, the stories that Angela tells Ellie are mainly meant to scare her into submission. But as time goes on, and her mother succumbs to mental illness, Angela becomes obsessed with the idea that the only way her mother is going to get better is if she and her sister can wash away all of their sins. Angela may have inherited her mother's mental illness that is now beginning to manifest itself. Angela does appear to display some common attributes of what could be described as religious mania brought on by schizophrenia or a similar mental illness that involves visual and auditory hallucinations.
Piccadilly	British	drama	Ewald André Dupont	Valentine Wilmot's London nightclub and restaurant, Piccadilly Circus, is a great success due to his star attraction, dancing partners Mabel (Gilda Gray) and Vic (Cyril Ritchard). One night, a dissatisfied diner (Charles Laughton) disrupts Mabel's solo with his loud complaint about a dirty plate. When Wilmot investigates, he finds Shosho (Anna May Wong) distracting the other dishwashers with her dancing. He fires her on the spot. After the performance, Vic tries to persuade Mabel to become his partner offstage as well as on, and to go to Hollywood with him. She coldly rebuffs him, as she is romantically involved with Wilmot. That night, Wilmot summons Vic to his office. Before Wilmot can fire him, Vic quits. That turns out to be disastrous for the nightclub. The customers had come to see Vic, not Mabel. Business drops off dramatically. In desperation, Wilmot hires Shosho to perform a Chinese dance. She insists that her boyfriend Jim play the accompanying music. Shosho is an instant sensation, earning a standing ovation after her first performance. Both Mabel and Jim become jealous of the evident attraction between Shosho and Wilmot. Mabel breaks off her relationship with Wilmot. One night, Shosho invites Wilmot to be the first to see her new rooms. Mabel has followed the couple and waits outside. After Wilmot leaves, she persuades Jim to let her in. She pleads with her romantic rival to give Wilmot up, saying he is too old for her, but Shosho replies that it is Mabel who is too old, and that she will keep him. When Mabel reaches into her purse for a handkerchief, Shosho sees a pistol inside and grabs a dagger used as a wall decoration. Frightened, Mabel picks up the gun, then faints. The next day, the newspapers report that Shosho has been murdered. Wilmot is charged with the crime. During the ensuing trial, he admits that the pistol is his, but refuses to divulge what happened that night. Jim testifies that Wilmot was Shosho's only visitor. Things look bad. Then Mabel insists on telling her story. However, she can recall nothing after fainting until she found herself running in the streets. Realizing that either Mabel or Jim must be lying, the judge summons Jim. By then, however, Jim has shot himself at Shosho's mausoleum. As he lies dying, he confesses he killed Shosho.
Salute John Citizen	British	drama	Maurice Elvey	The life of an ordinary family during the London Blitz. In the summer before that explosive September, elderly clerk Mr. Bunting (Edward Rigby) loses his job at the Department store where he's worked for over 40 years. George Bunting is the head of a happy home, with wife Mary (Mabel Constanduros), daughter Julie (Peggy Cummins), and two sons, Chris (Eric Micklewood) and Ernest (Jimmy Hanley). When the Blitz hits London, we observe its effect on the family, and how they cope with the crisis. Mr. Bunting is rehired in his former job due to the shortage of manpower, though little else in his life is positive. Daughter Julie goes to work in a factory. The London blitz destroys everything in sight, and one of his sons, Chris, is killed. In the wake of this destruction, his other son, Ernest is converted from pacifism to the war effort.
Map of the Human Heart	Australian	drama	Vincent Ward	In 1931, in the Arctic-Canadian settlement of Nunataaq, Avik (Robert Joamie) lives under the watchful eye of his grandmother (Jayko Pitseolak). While tagging along after British cartographer Walter Russell (Patrick Bergin), Avik falls prey to tuberculosis, the white man's disease. To assuage his own guilt, Russell takes the boy to a Montreal clinic to recover. There, Avik meets Albertine (Annie Galipeau), a Métis girl and the two fall in love, but their relationship is quickly broken up by the Mother Superior who is in charge of the clinic. Years later, Avik again meets Russell, who this time is on a mission to recover the German U-boat lying wrecked off the coast of Nunataaq. Throughout his life, Avik is haunted by love for a now-grown Albertine (Anne Parillaud) and by a belief that he brings misfortune to those around him. Avik asks for Russell's help in learning her whereabouts, and he gives the cartographer a chest X-ray of the girl which he has carried with him since their separation. More time elapses, and a mature Avik (Jason Scott Lee) joins the Royal Canadian Air Force in the Second World War and eventually becomes a bombardier in a Avro Lancaster bomber. Albertine, who has become Russell's mistress, seeks out Avik. She begins an affair with Avik, but Russell soon finds out, and as revenge, he sends Avik and his crew on a suicide mission (firebombing of Dresden), in which Avik is the lone survivor of his crew. Despondent over his war experiences, Avik flees to Canada, where he becomes an alcoholic. Decades later, he is sought out by Rainee (Clotilde Courau), the daughter born from his affair with Albertine. On his way to the girl's wedding, Avik crashes his snowmobile on an ice floe; as he freezes to death, he dreams of going to his daughter's wedding and flying away on a balloon with Albertine.
Wild Hearts Can't Be Broken	American	drama	Steve Miner	Sonora Webster lives with her emotionally abusive aunt during the Great Depression. She learns that because of the family's financial difficulties, her treasured horse Lightning will be sold and she will be placed in an orphanage. Instead, Sonora slips out of the house during the night. She ends up at a county fair and sees a performance by Marie, a diving girl who rides a horse off a platform, and aspires to do the same. Doc Carver, Marie's employer, tells her she is too young but gives Sonora a job as a stable hand due to her ability with horses, and she begins traveling with them. Doc's son Al wins a wild horse in a card game, and Sonora surprises Doc by taming and riding it, so he promises to train her as a diving girl if she can mount it while it's moving, which she succeeds after multiple attempts. Marie falls and dislocates her shoulder, leaving her unable to perform, and Sonora steps in. Although she has never dived with Lightning, their first jump is successful. Marie becomes jealous, and as Doc tires of her diva-like behavior, she quits rather than share billing with Sonora. Al develops a romance with Sonora that strains his relationship with his father, leaving after a particularly bad fight. Al promises to write to Sonora, but Doc hides his letters. As Doc and the new stable hand Clifford leave the farm in search of work, Lightning falls ill with colic. Al returns, and he and Sonora work together to heal Lightning. Doc fails to any jobs, but Al announces he has arranged a six-month contract to perform at the Steel Pier in Atlantic City, New Jersey, reconciling father and son. Doc passes away en route from a heart attack, and Al assumes his father's role as show presenter. Sonora searches for Doc's jacket to give Al confidence on his first show, and finds one of Al's letters inside, confessing his love for her, letting him know she feels the same. Al proposes to Sonora just before a performance in front of their biggest crowd, which she accepts. The horse is a jittery stallion instead of her usual partner Lightning, who falters and trips due to a cymbal crash below. Sonora keeps her eyes open as they fall into the water. Both of them make it, but her vision is impaired, yet she hides this from Al. Sonora wakes the morning after to discover she is permanently blind from detached retinas in both eyes. To avoid a breach of contract lawsuit, Al must find another diving girl within a week, calling Marie, who returns. Meanwhile, Sonora misses diving terribly. She tells Al of her desire to dive with Lightning again, and they work together to try to train her to mount him again, but it proves fruitless and Al gives up. Sonora spends some quiet time with Lightning that night. The next day, with Clifford's help, Marie is locked in her dressing room, and Sonora performs in her place with Lightning. Al shouts at her to come back down, but she continues and the jump is successful. Her voiceover tells us that she continued diving for eleven more years with the audience never learning of her blindness, and of her happy marriage to Al.
Nefes: Vatan Sağolsun	Turkish	drama	Levent Semerci	This film is about a small unit of 40 Turkish soldiers in a remote patrol station in eastern Turkey, in a state of near certain death, during the most violent times, in the conflict between the Turkish Army and the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK).
The Music of Chance	American	drama	Philip Haas	Jim Nashe is a fireman with a two-year-old daughter and wife who has just left him. Knowing he cannot work and raise a child at the same time, he sends her to live with his sister. Six months of sporadic visits pass and Nashe realizes that his daughter, Juliet, has begun to forget him. Suddenly, the father that abandoned Nashe as a child dies, leaving his children a large amount of money. Nashe, knowing that Juliet will be happier with her aunt, pays off all of his debts, buys a Saab and pursues a life of freedom by spending a year driving back and forth across the country. His fortune now squandered, Nashe picks up a hot-headed young gambler named Jack Pozzi. The two hatch a plan to fleece a couple of wealthy bachelors in a poker game. Coincidentally, the two marks, Flower and Stone, obtained their fortune by gambling (winning the lottery). In addition to purchasing a mansion, the two eccentrics also bought ten thousand stones, each weighing more than sixty pounds. The stones were from the ruins of a fifteenth-century Irish castle destroyed by Oliver Cromwell; Flower and Stone intend to use them to build a Wailing Wall in the meadow behind their mansion. Unfortunately, Flower and Stone are not the suckers Pozzi takes them for and the plan backfires. Having run out of money Nashe decides to risk everything on a single blind turn of a card and puts up his car as collateral against the pot. He loses and the two indenture themselves to Flower and Stone as a way to pay back their debt. They will build the wall for Flower and Stone, a meaningless wall that nobody will ever see. For the rest of the novel, Flower and Stone are conspicuously absent. Nashe shrugs this off as fifty days of exercise, but Pozzi views it as nothing less than a violation of human decency. The two men are watched over by Calvin Murks, the millionaires' tough but amiable hired man. When Pozzi takes a swing at Murks for cracking a joke about being too smart to play cards, Murks begins wearing a gun. Pozzi sees this as proof that he is nothing but a slave. Even after the two men have completed working off their debt, the millionaires add on the food and entertainment charges the men have accrued as a result of living at the estate. Pozzi, convinced there is no way out of the contract, escapes the meadow. Nashe finds his young friend sprawled on the grass a day later, beaten into a coma. Murks claims innocence and takes Pozzi to a hospital while Nashe continues to work. Two weeks later, Murks tells Nashe that Pozzi checked himself out of the hospital and vanished, but Nashe is convinced that his friend is dead. Time passes, the wall grows and Nashe gets more and more obsessed with taking revenge on Murks, since Flower and Stone have become too distant to bear the immediacy of his hatred. When Nashe has completed enough work on the wall to pay off his debt, Murks and his son-in-law Floyd take Nashe out to celebrate. Nashe beats Floyd in a game of pool, but refuses the fifty dollars he has won; Floyd accepts this, saying that he owes Nashe a favor. Soon after, the three men pile into Murks's new car (Nashe's old Saab) with the slightly more sober Nashe behind the wheel. Nashe promptly takes the car up to eighty-five miles an hour and deliberately collides, head-on into an oncoming vehicle.
Petersen	Australian	drama	Tim Burstall	Tony Petersen is an electrical tradesman and former football star who is studying arts at the University of Melbourne, and majoring in English. Despite being married to adoring wife Susie, he is having an affair with his lecturer, Trish Kent, and has a fling with student Moira as part of a protest. Trish's husband Charles fails Petersen in his exams and Trish leaves for Oxford. Petersen rapes Trish and returns to his old life.
Get on the Bus	American	drama	Spike Lee	Fifteen disparate African American men board a bus in Los Angeles bound for Washington, D.C., where they plan on attending the Million Man March. Other than their race, destination, and gender, the men have nothing in common: George is the trip organizer; Xavier is an aspiring filmmaker hoping to make a documentary of the March; Flip is the vain but charismatic and openly homophobic and sexist actor; Kyle and Randall are a homosexual couple; Gary, a biracial police officer; Jamal is a former gang banger turned devout Muslim who has evaded prosecution for the murders he committed; Evan Jr., is a petty criminal who has been permitted to break probation to attend the march on the condition that he remain handcuffed to his father, Evan Sr. As the bus travels across country, Xavier conducts interviews with the various attendees, allowing them to express their views on race, religion, and politics. The interviews often provoke outbursts from other men on the bus, invariably leading to many political confrontations. Jeremiah, the eldest member of the group, is an 80-year-old former alcoholic who lost his job and family, has found new meaning in life and is energized by the Million Man March, and embraces his African heritage; his philosophies on the black experience and stories of precolonial Africa serve to unite the men and ease tensions and the infighting among them. En route the bus breaks down and the men are forced to board another bus, driven by an ethnically Jewish white man named Rick. A couple of the passengers harass Rick as a white man, and Rick ultimately refuses to drive any further, citing the group's prejudice and his opposition to antisemitic remarks made by the leader of the march, Louis Farrakhan. George, himself a bus driver, accuses Rick of cultural racism, but begrudgingly agrees to cover for Rick who leaves. George takes over driving for the remainder of the trip, with help from Evan Sr. As the bus passes through the American south, the men are greeted hospitably by several white southerners at various restaurants and rest stops. At one stop, the men pick up Wendell, a wealthy African American Lexus salesman who sees attending the march as a way to make business connections. After Wendell, a self-proclaimed conservative Republican makes disparaging remarks about who he sees as lazy and stupid African Americans—while getting some agreement from Kyle, ultimately is too insulting and just wants to make money off the march, and the rest of the men forcibly toss him out of the bus. In Knoxville, Tennessee, the bus is pulled over by a pair of racist state troopers, who accuse the men of using the bus to smuggle drugs. The bus and its passengers are checked by a drug-sniffing police dog, turning up no evidence of drugs; the troopers then condescendingly allow the bus to resume its journey. As the bus nears Washington, Jeremiah passes out and is rushed to a hospital. The doctors there discover that Jeremiah is suffering from advanced coronary artery disease, which made the stress of the trip potentially deadly for him. Evan Sr. and Jr., Gary, Jamal, and Xavier opt to stay with Jeremiah at the hospital and watch the march on television while the rest of the men leave in the bus to attend. Shortly after they leave, Jeremiah dies. The rest of the group returns to the hospital, saying that, to stay true to the spirit of the March, they chose not to attend the march but to return and be with Jeremiah. As the bus prepares to return to Los Angeles, the men find a prayer that Jeremiah wrote with the intention of praying it when the bus arrived at Washington, D.C. The men drive to the Lincoln Memorial, where George leads the men in Jeremiah's prayer, and the film ends with Evan Jr. and Senior's handcuffs left at the Lincoln memorial.
All Saints	American	drama	Steve Gomer	Based on a true story, a salesman-turned-pastor Michael Spurlock of a tiny Episcopal (Anglican) church in Smyrna, Tennessee is ordered to shut it down. He attempts to save the church, as well as a group of refugees from Karen State, Myanmar in Southeast Asia.
A Lowland Cinderella	British	drama	Sidney Morgan	A 1920s version of the Cinderella story, the film tells the story of a Scottish girl, Hester Stirling, whose father, David Stirling, a gold prospector in South Africa, leaves behind a bag full of precious stones. Her evil guardian, Dr. Silvanus Torpichan, appropriates it and forces her to work as a servant in his home.[2][unreliable source?]
Diana of the Crossways	British	drama	Denison Clift	A sensuous woman trapped in a loveless relationship has an affair with a leading politician which threatens to bring down the government.
Water Diviner, TheThe Water Diviner	Australian	drama	Russell Crowe	The film begins in 1919, just after World War I has ended, and centres around Joshua Connor (Russell Crowe), an Australian farmer and water diviner. His three sons Arthur (Ryan Corr), Edward (James Fraser), and Henry (Ben O'Toole) served with the Australian and New Zealand Army Corps (ANZAC) during the military campaign in Gallipoli four years previously and are presumed dead. After his wife Eliza (Jacqueline McKenzie) commits suicide out of grief, Joshua resolves to bring his sons' bodies home and bury them with their mother. Joshua travels to Turkey and stays in a hotel in Istanbul run by war-widowed Ayshe (Olga Kurylenko), but is unable to travel to Gallipoli by road. Learning the purpose of his journey, Ayshe tells him to bribe a local fisherman to travel to Gallipoli by boat. When he arrives, Joshua learns that ANZACs are engaged in a mass burial detail and all civilians are banned. Major Hasan (Yılmaz Erdoğan), a Turkish officer assisting the ANZACs, persuades the ANZAC captain Lt-Col Cyril Hughes (Jai Courtney) to prioritize helping Joshua with his search. After finding Edward and Henry's graves, Joshua sees in his dreams that Arthur survives the battle. Hasan recognizes Joshua's surname and tells him that Arthur might have been taken prisoner. Joshua returns to Istanbul, but fails to find out which prison camp Arthur was transferred to, as many Turkish records have been burned. He returns to Ayshe's hotel and learns that she is being pressed to marry her brother-in-law, Omer. Their argument becomes heated and Omer retreats when Joshua intervenes. Ayshe lashes out, blaming Joshua for making things worse and tells him to leave. As Joshua leaves the hotel, Omer and a few of his friends attack him, only to be stopped by Hasan's subordinate, Sergeant Jemal (Cem Yılmaz). Jemal takes Joshua to Hasan, who explains that the Greeks have invaded and they are going to defend their country as the British are not intervening. Joshua decides to travel with Hasan's group, who will pass through the region where his son might be. As Joshua returns to the hotel to retrieve his belongings, Ayshe apologizes for her earlier words. While on the train, Jemal asks Joshua about a cricket bat he found in the Allied trenches when they retreated, as he is unsure whether it is a weapon or not. Joshua then explains to the Turkish soldiers on board the train the basic rules of cricket. However, Greek soldiers attack the train with only Jemal, Hasan and Joshua surviving the initial assault. Using the bat, Joshua saves Hasan as a Greek officer prepares to execute him but Jemal is killed in the resulting struggle. Joshua and Hasan flee to a nearby town where they spot a windmill, which Joshua saw in his recurring dream. There he finds Arthur alive but traumatized. Arthur reveals that at the end of the battle, Edward was still alive but badly wounded. He pleaded with Arthur to end his suffering, and Arthur reluctantly complied. Blaming himself for his brothers' deaths, Arthur felt he could never return to his family. The Greek soldiers who previously attacked the train begin to attack the town, and the two men try to escape through the mountains. Arthur refuses to follow his father, but relents when Joshua says that without his wife and sons, he has nowhere else to go. They successfully evade the Greek army and return to Ayshe's hotel. The film ends with Joshua drinking a cup of coffee made by Ayshe which indicates that she has fallen in love with him.
Blue Scar	British	drama	Jill Craigie	Olwen Williams (Gwyneth Vaughan) is a miner's daughter from a mining town in South Wales, where the mine has recently been nationalised. She is keen to move on from her impoverished upbringing to a more fulfilling lifestyle. An opportunity is presented to her when she wins a singing scholarship to a music college in Cardiff. She decides to leave her hometown to take up this opportunity, which means being away from Tom Thomas (Emrys Jones), a local miner who is in love with her. While Olwen is away from home, an industrial psychologist from London named Alfred Collins (Anthony Pendrell) proposes to her, and she accepts. She announces this news to Tom while attending her father's funeral following a mining accident. Olwen moves to London with Alfred, but is disillusioned by her new life there. Meanwhile, Tom is injured in a mining accident and spends time at Talygarn, a convalescent home. Here he is looked after by Glynis (Dilys Jones), a physiotherapist and friend of Olwen. Tom and Glynis fall in love. Tom also encounters success at work, rising to the position of manager. After his promotion, he visits Olwen in London, in a vain attempt to persuade her to return to Wales. Tom later dies of a mining-related condition. The film ends with Olwen singing Home! Sweet Home! in a radio broadcast.
Abraham	American	drama	Joseph Sargent	Abram lives in Harran, a rich city. His wife Sarah (Barbara Hershey) is childless, and their only heir is Eliezer of Damascus. One day he hears the voice of God, who says that he must leave Haran and travel to an unknown land. God promises to make a great nation from him and renames him Abraham. The pattern for the plot is the Genesis chapters 11-25.
Living in Oblivion	American	drama	Tom DiCillo	The film is divided into three parts, all of which concern the making of a low-budget movie featuring the same director, crew and substantially the same cast. Part one: Director Nick Reve (Steve Buscemi) is shooting a low-budget independent film in the middle of New York City. The catering crew are under-funded and apathetic, deciding not to replace a carton of milk that has been on the craft service table for a week. The scene being shot is a difficult one: a young woman, Ellen, reproaches her elderly mother (Rica Martens) for not intervening when the father beat Ellen as a child. However, on the set, just about everything that can go wrong does go wrong: shots are spoiled because of how the mic boom is visible; the camera assistant fails to keep the shot in focus; Cora, the actress playing the mother, forgets her lines; and Nicole, the actress playing Ellen, becomes increasingly unfocused and careless. A dispirited Nick calls for a rehearsal without camera to refresh the actors. However, when Nicole (Catherine Keener) berates herself for acting badly, Cora (Rica Martens) reassures her with a gesture that reminds Nicole of a similar gesture made by her own terminally ill mother. Nicole is so upset by the memory that she turns in an unexpectedly passionate performance; and Cora, startled by Nicole's sudden intensity, is equally good. Watching them, Nick becomes enthusiastic all over again. Unfortunately, it was not captured on film; cinematographer and camera operator Wolf (Dermot Mulroney), who has been diluting the sub-standard coffee with the spoiled milk, was vomiting in the toilet throughout. Nick ruefully calls for another take. This time, a sudden and insistent beeping sound distracts the actors. Nobody can tell where it's coming from; and Nick flies into a rage, berating everyone on the crew and cast for their inadequacies. He then wakes up in his own bed; the beeping sound was his own alarm clock. He has dreamed the entire segment. It is 4.30am; and he is due on set. Part two: Early the same morning, the film's lead actor Chad Palomino (James LeGros) is getting dressed in Nicole's hotel room. They have spent the night together, and Chad suggests that they might get together again later; Nicole politely declines. Chad and Nicole arrive on the set separately. Nicole's character Ellen and Chad's character Damian have been in love for years but have never admitted it until the scene being shot on this day. Shooting the scene is made practically impossible by Chad's irregular acting. He keeps changing his mind about where to stand and continually moves to places where he is either invisible or badly lit by scenic light. Nicole becomes increasingly frustrated by Chad's egomania; and, when he starts to stroke her head, she briefly loses her cool, then apologizes. An irritated Chad demands a private talk with Nick. He tells Nick that he has slept with Nicole and makes out that it was she, not he, who had wanted to continue the relationship. Desperate to keep Chad happy, Nick agrees that Nicole is not very good. Nicole overhears this conversation on the sound mixer's headphones. Pretending to be contrite, she asks Nick if they can improvise a little; but, when they do so, she announces to everyone that, although she slept with Chad, she is not at all interested in him. Chad loses his temper and quits the movie. Relieved that he will no longer have to please Chad, Nick calls him a Hostess Twinkie motherfucker and a fight breaks out. Nick beats Chad senseless and fires him. He apologises to Nicole and confesses that he loves her. They kiss—then Nicole abruptly wakes up, still in her bed, having dreamed the entire segment. Part three: Later the same day, the crew is setting up for a dream sequence in which Nicole, as Ellen, stands still while a dwarf walks around her holding an apple. Nick claims to have learned a lesson from his own dream: That sometimes, you just got to roll with things. Nicole admits that she had a dream with Nick in it but doesn't tell him what happened. Nick manages to keep up his positive attitude despite the various mishaps that occur: The smoke machine fails to work, then it catches fire, then his senile mother Cora arrives on the set. However, the ill-tempered dwarf actor Tito (Peter Dinklage) complains that the dream sequence is a cliché (I don't even have dreams with dwarves in them!) and walks off the set in disgust. Nick's confidence collapses, and he announces that the movie is over. At that moment, his mother intervenes, grabbing the apple, moving to Tito's mark and announcing that she is ready. The crew scrambles to shoot the scene, and her manic performance injects fresh energy and conviction into it. Nick is delighted and decides to keep the new dream sequence, and there is a tense moment while the sound mixer records 30 seconds of room tone. The entire cast and crew manages to remain silent, and during this moment they each daydream about different things. They go on to shooting the next sequence.
A Midwinter's Tale	American	drama	Kenneth Branagh	The story is set in Hope, Derbyshire, England. It's Christmastime, and 'tis the season to put on Shakespeare's most cheery seasonal play: Hamlet. Joe Harper takes the project on as a Final Stand of sorts under the encouragement of his catty agent, advertising in the local newspaper for actors at a low price. From the rabble of actors both strange and untalented, he chooses the following: Hamlet: Joe Harper himself. Ophelia: Nina Raymond, a shortsighted well-meaning space cadet who has been using low-calorie mayonnaise for lotion because she can't make out the label. King Claudius: Henry Wakefield, a long-suffering and cynical old Englishman with a sharp tongue and a list of prejudices five miles (8 km) long, forced to room with Queen Gertrude's player. Queen Gertrude: Terry DuBois, a flamboyantly gay theatrical actor with an estranged son and a preoccupation with costume. Laertes, Fortinbras, and various roles: Tom Newman, a vain, self-righteous method actor who foists his values on everyone else and attempts to distinguish his many characters with a variety of outrageous accents. Horatio, Bernardo: Not-so-subtle Carnforth Greville, an alcoholic in denial and a kindly bachelor with no memory for lines whatsoever. Polonius, Marcellus, and the First Gravedigger: Vernon Spatch, the ambitious techie's techie, self-imposed marketing director, and unofficial documentarian of the proceedings. Set Designer: Fadge, just Fadge, specialising in new-age art and obscure statements about air, space, and fog. Close friends call her Fa.
Unbroken	American	drama	Angelina Jolie	The film opens with Louis Louie Zamperini flying as a bombardier of a United States Army Air Forces B-24 Liberator bomber, during an April 1943 bombing mission against the Japanese-held island of Nauru. The plane is badly damaged in combat, with a number of the crew injured. The pilot, Phil, manages to bring it to a stop at the end of the runway suffering from an exploded tire. The story flashes back to Louie's childhood as a young Italian-American boy in Torrance, California. Louie is a troublemaker, who steals, drinks liquor and smokes, to the disappointment of his parents. He is often picked on by other kids for being of Italian ethnicity. One day, Louie is caught looking up women's dresses from under the bleachers during a track meet. His brother Peter sees how fast Louie runs away and decides to train him to be a runner. As he grows, Louie becomes more disciplined and also becomes an accomplished distance runner, earning him the nickname The Torrance Tornado. He qualifies for the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin, Germany. Louie comes in 8th and sets a record for speed in the final lap in the 5,000 meters race. Returning to 1943, Louie, the surviving crew and several replacements are sent on a search-and-rescue mission with a plane previously used for spare parts. During the mission, of the plane's two left engines, one fails, while the crew bungles the remaining engine, and the plane crashes in the ocean. Louie, Mac and Phil survive and live on two inflatable rafts. After three days, a search plane flies over but they are unable to get its attention. They weather a storm and fend off a shark attack while subsisting on rations, rainwater, birds and fish. On the 27th day, they get the attention of a Japanese plane, which strafes and damages the rafts but misses them. Mac dies 6 days later. On the 47th day, Japanese sailors capture Louie and Phil. Now prisoners of war, Louie and Phil are taken to Kwajalein Atoll where they are kept in a dungeon. Louie sees the names of nine U.S. Marines, that were held captive on the island, scratched into the wall. Louie later finds out that they were beheaded. One day, the Japanese ask Louie and Phil to tell them about E-class bombers and the Norden bombsight. Louie states they flew D-class, and draws a rendition of a Philco radio. On another, they are dragged out to disrobe and kneel on planks. Thinking this is to be their execution, the two are shocked that they are crudely washed so as to ship them to mainland Japan. Upon arrival, the two are separated and sent to different POW camps. Louie's camp, Ōmori, in Tokyo, is headed by a Japanese corporal, Mutsuhiro Watanabe, who treats him very cruelly, in part because of Louie's status as a former Olympian and an American officer. Watanabe is especially tough on Louie, beating him often. Louie is given an escape from Watanabe's torture when two Japanese newsmen give him the opportunity to broadcast a message home saying that he is alive after they learn the US government classified him as KIA. When he refuses to broadcast a second message with anti-American propaganda, he is sent back to camp where Watanabe has each of the other prisoners punch him to teach him respect. After two years, Watanabe gets a promotion and leaves the camp. The camp is damaged when Tokyo is bombed by American forces. Louie and the other internees are forced to move to Naoetsu prison camp, where Louie discovers, to his horror, that Watanabe is in charge. The prisoners are now put to work loading coal barges. Louie, exhausted, pauses during work, and Watanabe tells him to lift a giant piece of wood and orders a guard to shoot Louie if he drops it. Louie successfully lifts and holds up the wood despite being thoroughly worn out, and enrages Watanabe by staring him straight in the eyes; Watanabe proceeds to beat him severely. At the end of the war, Louie and the other prisoners in the camp are liberated when the Americans occupy Japan. In the meantime, Louie tried to find Watanabe in his quarters but realizes he had fled but Louie sits down and stares at a picture of Watanabe as a child standing with his father. Back home in America, Louie kisses the ground and hugs his family. At the end of the film, there is a slideshow showing what happened after the war. Louis was married and had two children. Phil survived and eventually married his sweetheart. Mutsuhiro The Bird Watanabe went into hiding for several years and successfully evaded prosecution in spite of being listed in the top 40 most-wanted Japanese war criminals by General Douglas MacArthur. Louie lived out his promise to devote his life to God; eventually believing in Jesus Christ and forgave his war-time captors, meeting with many of them. Watanabe, however, refused to meet with Louie. In January 1998, Louie had an opportunity to revisit his time as an Olympian when he ran a leg of the Olympic Torch relay for the 1998 Winter Olympics in Nagano, Japan. He was four days short of his 81st birthday. The site for his leg of the relay was not far from one of the POW camps where he was held during the war. The closing titles reveal that Louie Zamperini died on July 2, 2014, at age 97.
Heart of a Child	British	drama	Clive Donner	During wartime rationing, Karl, a young Austrian boy, is beaten by his father, Spiel, who threatens to sell the boy's St. Bernard dog to the butcher to pay for food for the family. However, much to the father's fury, Karl sells the dog himself to a kindly veterinarian. The dog, with the help of Maria, a spinster, then rescues Karl after he is trapped in a snowstorm. Maria ends up marrying the vet, and Karl's father ends up letting Karl keep the dog.
Bhai Ho To Aisa	Bollywood	drama	Manmohan Desai	Thakur is a rich and wealthy man. He has two sons, the elder is Ram, who is married but frequents a prostitute Munnibai. The second son is Bharat, who is unmarried, and is good, virtuous and devoted to his family, and expected to marry Roopa. While disciplining his elder son, Thakur has a heart attack and passes away, leaving the administration of the estate to his younger son and daughter-in-law, the wife of Ram, Gayatri. This does not augur well with Ram and Mamaji, and they attempt to force Bharat to sign the estate over to them. When they fail, they conspire to kill him and take over the estate from Gayatri. Bharat overhears this and goes along with Ram's plan to kill him. He then returns as Daku Mangal Singh, his look-alike, in order to set things right. Things seem to be going well until Bharat finds himself in a tight corner when he is accused of faking his own death.
The War	American	drama	Jon Avnet	Stephen, a shell-shocked Vietnam veteran, returns from a mental hospital, which he entered voluntarily because he was suffering from nightmares about the war and had in consequence lost three jobs in a row. After having been treated and finally coming home again, he gets a new job as custodial engineer at a grammar school, but loses it again within less than one week because of a law forbidding people who spent time in a mental hospital to work within the vicinity of children. However, the Simmons family desperately needs money, so Stephen continues looking for work, and finds a job picking potatoes. There he makes friends with a man called Moe Henry, with whose help he succeeds in obtaining a job working in a mine - his best one yet. In the meantime, the twins Lidia and Stu try to get away from the dreary reality of their lives. They find a tree in a forest close to their house and decide to build a tree house there. At first they and their friends argue over who has to construct it and who is allowed to use it; the three boys - Stu, Chet and Marsh - want it all to themselves, while the girls - Lidia, Elvadine and Amber - want them to work on it and share it afterwards. After several deals, they agree to build the tree house together. The girls get everything they need from the garbage heap belonging to the Lipnickis, a neighboring family with a reputation for bullying, who have a grudge against the Simmons and their friends. Unfortunately Billy, the youngest of the Lipnicki kids, discovers Lidia, Elvadine and Amber on his father's territory, so the girls have to pay him to keep quiet, but later after he falls under a candy coma his brothers force him to betray Lidia's secret. While the children are busy building their tree house, Stephen and Moe are caught in a collapse as they drain water out of a cavern. Moe is caught under falling rubble, but Stephen, who in Vietnam had to leave his best friend to die in order to be rescued himself, is determined to save him, even if it costs him his own life. He frees Moe, but is hit by falling rocks himself, and though the two men are both rescued, Stephen is badly hurt and comatose, being put on life-support in the hospital. While Stu and Lidia fear for their father's life, the Lipnickis find the treehouse and take it over, stealing the lock and key, which belonged to Stephen. However, they agree to return them if Stu can win a bet - swimming a lap around the inside of a water-tower while it drains - which he does. The children can keep the place, but not before the Lipnickis throw the key onto the rotted, treacherous roof of the water-tower, telling Stu that if he wants it, he can get it back himself. Shortly afterwards, their father is taken off life-support, and dies. When the kids run away from home to the tree house, they discover that the Lipnickis have returned. In the fight that erupts between them, the tree house is destroyed. Meanwhile, Billy Lipnicki protests against all the fighting, asking why they can't share the fort, but is ignored. He takes it on himself to go to the water tower to retrieve the key, but the roof caves in just as Stu and the others find him, and he almost drowns in the water tower. Stu rescues and resuscitates him together with Lidia, and Billy tells them he saw an angel, one who looked like [Stu,] only bigger, (implied to be Stephen) who told him he had to stay on Earth and take care of his family. From that time on the Lipnickis stop fighting with the others and stay out of their way, except for Billy, who becomes a good friend to them. The twins and their friends start to rebuild the tree house, but give it up after a couple of days due to lack of interest. Also, they find out that their father bought them a new house before he died and are happy to have a proper home again at last.
Drugstore Cowboy	American	drama	Gus Van Sant	Bob Hughes is the leader of a crew of drug addicts consisting of him, his wife, Dianne, his best friend, Rick, and Rick's girlfriend, a teenager named Nadine. Together, they travel across the U.S. Pacific Northwest in 1971, supporting their drug habits by robbing pharmacies and hospitals. After successfully robbing a Portland, Oregon pharmacy, they go straight home to use the drugs they just stole. During the process of getting high, a local low-life named David visits the group in search of hard-to-find dilaudid. Bob lies and says they have none but offers to trade him morphine for speed instead. David initially declines, but Bob talks him into trading anyway. After David leaves, the police bust down their door. The lead detective Gentry correctly assumes it was their group that has just committed the pharmacy robbery he's investigating. The police are unable to find the drugs because the group wisely buried them outside. However, in the process of searching, the police completely trash the group's house. The group then moves into an apartment. Bob plans to get back at the police by setting up an elaborate scheme. The scheme succeeds, and one of the policemen is shot by a neighbor who thought the cop was a peeper thanks to Bob's scheme. The next day, Gentry (knowing Bob was behind it all) assaults Bob outside his apartment. Seeing the assault as a sign of a hex Rick and Nadine had previously brought upon the group by speaking about dogs, they leave their apartment to go crossroading. One night on the road, they come across a drugstore with an open transom. They proceed to sneak in and rob the pharmacy, extremely pleased to find their haul includes vials of pure powdered dilaudid worth thousands of dollars each. Bob, using the logic When you're hot, you're hot, convinces his wife he should finally rob the hospital he's always wanted to. During the robbery, Bob is almost captured and the robbery is a complete failure. Upon arriving back at the motel, the group discovers Nadine has fatally overdosed by sneaking a bottle of dilaudid during their last score. To make matters worse, she has also put the worst of all hexes on them by leaving a hat on the bed. After temporarily storing Nadine's body in the motel's attic, they are alerted by the motel manager that their room was previously booked for a police convention, and they must check out immediately. Bob, under tremendous anxiety and stress while having visions of handcuffs and prison, manages to sneak the body out of the motel in a large duffel bag. Right before burying Nadine in a remote forest, Bob alerts his wife that he is going to get clean and begin a 28-day methadone program. She is shocked and confused by Bob's sudden dramatic decision. He asks her to get clean with him, but she declines, telling him, You know I can't. Going their separate ways, Bob moves back to Portland into a long-stay motel and gets a low-level manufacturing job. One day at the methadone clinic, he sees an elderly drug-addicted priest named Tom. They reminisce about the old days when drugs weren't so demonized. Another day, on the street, Bob runs into David, who is bullying a kid who supposedly owes David money. Bob stops David from hurting the kid any further, and the kid runs away, much to David's disgust. After adjusting to his new life, Bob is visited by both Dianne and Gentry on separate occasions. Gentry warns Bob the policeman Bob got shot has been making threats and might act on them. Dianne reveals she and Rick are now in a relationship and that he is in charge of their new group. Dianne then asks Bob what happened out on the road to make him suddenly change his life so drastically. He answers that Nadine's death, the hex she put on them with the hat, and the possibility of serious prison time all contributed to his eventual decision. He then reveals to her a deal he made with a higher power that if he could safely get Nadine's body out of the motel, past the cops, and into the ground without being caught, he would then straighten his life out in return. After explaining this to Dianne, he begs her to stay the night with him, but she declines. Before she leaves, she gives Bob a package of drugs as a gift. Bob, instead of using them and relapsing, gives the drugs to the priest, Tom, who is very pleased. Upon re-entering his room, Bob is attacked by two masked figures. The leader turns out to be David. They think Bob is still an addict and has drugs on him. Bob tells them the truth, that he is clean and doesn't have any drugs, but David doesn't believe him and ends up shooting him. A neighbor hears the shot and calls 911. While Bob is getting loaded onto an ambulance, Gentry asks him numerous times who shot him and if it was the policeman. Bob tells Gentry it was the hat and the TV baby. During the ambulance ride, Bob thinks out loud how he got in his situation. He comes to the realization that no matter how hard he tries, he can never fully escape the drug life. He also jokes about how he now has a free ticket to the fattest pharmacy in town. The film ends with him saying, I'm still alive, and, I hope they can keep me alive.
Song One	American	drama	Kate Barker-Froyland	Franny Ellis (Anne Hathaway), an anthropology student, returns home from her PhD thesis work in Morocco to see her estranged brother, Henry (Ben Rosenfield), a musician who entered a coma after being hit by a car. To revive Henry and repair their relationship, Franny uses writings from Henry's journal to travel among New York City music clubs, where she takes notes on the phrases and music she observes. She fills Henry's sterile hospital room with familiar sounds and scents. Eventually, Franny meets Henry's favorite musician, James Forester (Johnny Flynn), at his concert, and convinces him to play for Henry. Franny and James explore New York City through Henry's experiences, develop a romantic relationship, and Henry awakens.
Meera	Bollywood	drama	Gulzar	The story is set around 1580, in the time of King Akbar. Biramdev (Dr Shreeram Lagoo) is the king of Medta, a province in Rajasthan. He has two daughters, Meera (Hema Malini) and Krishna (Vidya Sinha) and a son, Jaimal (Dinesh Thakur). Meera is in deep emotional love with Lord Krishna, so much so that she considers Lord Krishna to be her husband. Akbar (Amjad Khan) is becoming stronger day by day and hence other small provinces are trying to join against him. Medta, in one such political agreement, decides to join hands with Raja Vikramajit (Shammi Kapoor). As a part of this agreement Meera is married (against her wish) to Vikramajit's son, Rana Bhojraj (Vinod Khanna). But even after getting married her love for Lord Krishna remains the same and she follows her own ideals and way of living which are not very acceptable to Bhojraj and his family. One thing leads to another and one day Meera is declared as an outcast and traitor who failed to play a wife's duties towards her husband, a bride's duties towards her family, and a woman's duties towards society. She is jailed and a public trial is ordered to decide her fate. But Meera is still unshakable and her spirituality keeps her going. She is not even afraid of death. Finally she is given a death sentence and is ordered to drink a cup of venom in front of the public.
Front Page Story	British	drama	Gordon Parry	Grant is a hard working Fleet Street newspaper editor who refuses to take a long planned holiday with his wife Susan. Instead, to her annoyance, he stays in his office to deal with a number of urgent stories. These include a family of children evicted from their home when their mother dies, a woman charged with euthanasia, and a drunken ex-reporter tracking down an atomic scientist. They all culminate in the story of a plane crash, after which Grant is shocked to find his wife listed as one of the passengers. He discovers Susan was leaving him and going away with one of his colleagues. But did she take the plane?
Naya Raasta	Bollywood	drama	Khalid Akhtar	Chander (Jeetendra) a very successful criminal lawyer decides to settle down in a village a look after his lands after his father’s death. He practices the new ideas that and tries to educate the workers by mixing up with them. In the process, he falls in love with a beautiful girl Shallo (Asha Parekh). Now everyone tries to pressurize Chander not to marry Shallo But he was firm, what Panchayat couldn’t accomplish by force, Chander’s mother manages it with ease by describing the consequences of such marriage, she persuades Shallo to get married with the boy of her own community and she has to do so. Chander is aghast and heartbroken. However this disappointment in love, instead of breaking him, Chander works with new zeal and energy. On the other hand, it is just beginning of Shallo’s misfortune and her past follows her as a ghost. She is not accepted in the in-law and asked her to leave but she refuses. For that, she is meted out with severe punishments. In the meantime, Chander younger sister Radha (Fadira Jalal) gets married in the same village, her husband Thakur Suraj Pratap Singh (Kishan Mehta) is a drunkard. Being a lady of virtue, Radha decides to set out change her husband on one hand and tries to put Shallo’s house in order on the other hand. Shallo’s husband Ramu (Sujit Kumar) is convinced of his wife’s virtue but the mother-in-law remains adamant. Consequently, Ramu decides to leave with his wife and Thakur who has evil designs on Shallo gives them shelter in his Shikargaah. One night he calls Ramu, expresses his desire on Shallo and offers a lot of money & comforts in exchange which hurts Ramu’s self-respect and he violently protests, in the fight Ramu is killed. Shallo kills Thakur with the same spear which had taken her husband’s life and she was charged in the court for both the murders. Rest of the story is whether she is proved innocent or not.
Yaadon Ki Baaraat	Bollywood	drama	Nasir Hussain	The film popularized the now familiar Bollywood theme of siblings separated by fate.[9] Gangland killers assassinate an honest man who defied them, killing his wife as well. The couple's three sons flee the massacre and lose contact with each other. They grow up in entirely different circumstances and are re-united only when one of the sons, sings the song that their mother taught them at their father's birthday at the hotel. Shankar (Dharmendra), Vijay (Vijay Arora), and Ratan (Tariq Khan) are three brothers. On their father's birthday, their mother taught them a song titled Yaadon Ki Baaraat which they held dearly to their hearts. As fate may have it, one day, the boys' father witnessed a robbery by Shakaal and his henchmen. To protect their identity, Shakaal decided to kill the boys' father before he could go to the police. So one night, he and his men storm into the boys' father's room and kill both their mother and father. Shankar and Vijay witness the act and flee. They make their way to a passing train, where Shankar is separated from Vijay. Several years pass by and the boys have grown up. Shankar is haunted by the memory of his parents' murder and is now joined by his friend Usman on a crime spree around the city. Vijay was adopted by the groundskeeper to a wealthy man, and he falls in love with the rich man's daughter Sunita (Zeenat Aman), and Ratan, was raised by the boys' maid, and changed his name to Monto. With his new identity, Monto started a band and does gigs at hotels for a living and is also in love with a co-singer (Neetu Singh). The brothers meet several times, yet do not recognize each other. However, when they finally do, they cannot contact each other. Shankar gets caught by his boss, who is the real murderer of his parents. As the movie progresses, Shankar finds out the truth and leaves Shakal to die, while his foot gets caught in the changing lines of railway tracks. Shaakal is killed by the coming train and the brothers unite.
Butterfly	Hong Kong	drama	Yan Yan Mak	The film follows Flavia (Josie Ho), a married high school teacher, who meets a beautiful free-spirited female singer-songwriter named Yip (Tian Yuan) and strikes up a relationship with the younger girl. Flavia is a closeted lesbian because she was brought up in a society where homosexuality was not accepted. When Flavia was a teenager, she fell in love with a girl in her class, but was forced to end the relationship when it was discovered by her parents. Heartbroken, she eventually married a competent and caring businessman after graduating from university. Now in her 30s and married with a child, she meets Yip. Flavia is deeply attracted to Yip's carefree personality and bright spirit, and falls for Yip in the same way she fell for her first love in high school. She slowly dares to break out while worried about the consequences but at the same time, hopeful about finding her true self again.
Panther	American	drama	Mario Van Peebles	The film focuses on the rise and decline of the Black Panther Party for Self-Defense, known as the Black Panthers, during the Black Power movement and disenchantment with nonviolent resistance as a tool in the Civil Rights Movement. It explores the COINTELPRO program of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), which was an effort to track and disrupt African-American political movements. The drama alleges that various Mob networks cooperated directly with the United States Intelligence Community (FBI/CIA) representatives to flood inner-city ghettos, which contained majority black populations, with hard drugs such as heroin and cocaine. The ending's structure and concluding voice-over alleges that The Mob (possibly Italian) in the United States agreed to produce and distribute quantities of these types of drugs on an unprecedentedly large scale. Purportedly, only agreed-upon problem areas of Black Panthers' potential support would be targeted, so as to pacify those populations. The film further suggests that the huge quantities of drugs quickly spilled out of the problem areas and became the drug epidemic in the United States of the 1980s and 1990s. The final lines shown in the film's closing note that in the 1970s, there were hundreds of thousands of hard-drug addicts, a number that had increased to the 3 million of yesterday. It is dedicated to the Black Panther Party's main figures, the communities that supported them, and those who might continue the struggle today.
Cactus	Australian	drama	Jasmine Yuen Carrucan	The movie begins with John Kelly pulling Eli Jones (David Lyons) from his city residence, drugging him and driving across regional Australia for three days. On the journey, John and Eli begin to interact and talk, as well as having a run-in with a rogue cop and encountering Thommo, a trucker.
The High Command	British	drama	Thorold Dickinson	This is the improbable tale of an English officer who murders a man in Ireland for chivalrous reasons. Years later, he has risen to the rank of Major-General, and is stationed in West Africa. There, his old crime is discovered, and he allows himself to be murdered rather than involve his daughter in his own disgrace.[2]
 Breath	Australian	drama	Simon Baker	The film is set in the 1970s and two teenage boys form a connection with an older surfer.[1] The boys Pikelet and Loonie have grown up in a small town and through surfing met up with Sando, who challenges them to take greater and more dangerous risks.[2]
 Wish You Were Here	Australian	drama	Kieran Darcy-Smith	Joel Edgerton stars as Dave Flannery, who reluctantly vacations in Cambodia with his pregnant wife Alice (Felicity Price), her younger sister Steph and new boyfriend Jeremy. After a night of partying, Jeremy vanishes without a trace. Dave and the women return to their lives, each bearing differing degrees of knowledge about what happened and slowly put the pieces of the puzzle together to find out what happened that night. Dave reveals he slept with Steph on the beach. He went back to the hotel, but Alice was asleep. He goes for a walk and meets a man, who offers to take him to a small bar. Dave went and began drinking. The customers at the bar began harassing him and tried to get him to take a prostitute, but he declined. He gets angry and throws all his money at them. He tells them he doesn't want the prostitute, but will pay for her. The men drag an 8-year-old girl from the backroom. Horrified, Dave begins screaming at them. Jeremy comes out of a backroom and apologises for Dave, trying to calm the men down. The men lure Jeremy and Dave outside. Dave threatens to call the police on the men for child prostitution, but Jeremy tells Dave the men are the Vietnamese mafia. In a fight, Jeremy is stabbed to death. Dave is restrained and the men find his address. They say that if he tells anyone, they will go to his house and kill his family. In the present, Alice gets into an argument with Dave. She goes to Steph's house and confronts her. On the way home, she gets into a car accident and is rushed to the hospital, where she prematurely gives birth to the baby. In the end, Dave tells the police the truth of Jeremy's death.
Floodtide	British	drama	Frederick Wilson	A young Scotsman becomes a ship designer instead of following the family tradition and entering farming. He works his way up the firm, marries the boss's daughter, and revolutionises shipbuilding.
David Copperfield	British	drama	Delbert Mann	Charles Dickens' story of a young man's journey to maturity. This version finds David Copperfield (Robin Phillips) as a young man, brooding on a deserted beach. In flashback, David remembers his life in 19th century England, as a young orphan, brought to London and passed around from relatives, to guardians, to boarding school. He relives his struggle to overcome the loss of his idyllic childhood and the torment inflicted by his hated stepfather after his mother’s death. Then virtually abandoned on the streets of Victorian London, David Copperfield is flung into manhood and contends bravely with the perils of big-city corruption and vice; hardships which ultimately fuel his triumph as a talented and successful writer.
Strings of Passion	Bengali	drama	Sanghamitra Chaudhuri	Strings Of Passion is an urban commercial flick which tells the story of three men, Neel, Aman and Amit. They are young and dynamic guys who run the band Strings of Passion but are shadowed by the influence of drugs, broken love and bad parenting.[5][6][7]
This Is My Street	British	drama	Sidney Hayers	Battersea housewife Margery (June Ritchie) lives a life of drudgery in a working class terrace with her feckless husband (Mike Pratt) and her small daughter. Lodging next door with her mother is Harry (Ian Hendry), a flashy salesman and nightclub owner who repeatedly attempts to seduce Marge. At first showing little interest, Marge finally gives in after he helps find her missing daughter. Harry eventually tires of Marge, and turns his attentions to her younger, educated sister, Jinny (Annette Andre). Marge though, is infatuated, and when she discovers Harry plans to marry her sister, she attempts to kill herself – leaving a suicide note exposing her affair with Harry.
The Reflecting Skin	American	drama	Philip Ridley	Eight year-old Seth Dove (Jeremy Cooper) lives in an isolated American prairie community in the 1950s. The film opens with Seth and his friends Eben and Kim, playing with a frog Seth has found in the fields. The boys inflate the frog by inserting a reed up its anus and leave it by the side of the road. When a local English widow, Dolphin Blue (Lindsay Duncan) stops to inspect it, Seth shoots the inflated frog with a slingshot, causing it to explode over Dolphin. Seth retreats back to the small gas station where he lives with his harridan mother Ruth (Sheila Moore) and shy father Luke (Duncan Fraser). Seth’s older brother, Cameron (Viggo Mortensen), is away on military service in the Pacific (Ruth refers to them as the pretty islands). Seth serves gas to a mysterious group of young men driving a black Cadillac, who promise to see him again soon and drive off. Seth is sent to Dolphin’s house to apologise for the frog prank. Dolphin is haunted by the memory of her dead husband, who hung himself for unknown reasons a week after their wedding. Surrounded by artifacts from her husband’s family’s whaling past, Seth takes some of her self-pitying remarks (she claims to be two hundred years old) literally, and after learning about vampires from his father, who is reading a novel on that theme, Seth surmises that Dolphin must be a vampire. After Eben goes missing, Seth and Kim go to Dolphin’s house to investigate, because Seth believes she is responsible for Eben's disappearance. The boys excitedly demolish Dolphin’s bedroom belongings, and run from the house screaming after spying on her masturbating. Seth runs home, and later finds Eben’s dead body floating in the water cistern. The local authorities believe Luke is responsible, because of a homosexual indiscretion years previously; believing himself to be doomed, Luke douses himself with petrol and incinerates himself. Cameron returns home to look after Seth, as Ruth has become shell-shocked following Luke’s death. Whilst visiting his grave, Cameron meets Dolphin, and romance sparks between the two, much to Seth’s horror. In a nearby barn, Seth and Kim discover an ossified dead fetus, which Seth believes to be Eben incarnate as a fallen angel and takes home with him. The next day, Seth follows Cameron to Dolphin’s house, where he observes Cameron emotionally confessing to Dolphin his culpability in atomic bomb experiments. Cameron and Dolphin begin to make love; running in terror from the house, Seth witnesses the men in the Cadillac abducting Kim. Cameron’s body begins to deteriorate from radiation sickness, which Seth attributes to Dolphin's supposed vampirism. Kim’s body is discovered the next day, and law enforcement authorities still believe that Luke is alive and responsible. As Cameron and Dolphin grow closer and plot to run away together, Seth focuses his rage at Dolphin. After consulting with the fetus angel and on the spur of the moment, he does not warn Dolphin of the men in the black Cadillac as they approach the two, and lets her go off with them. The next morning, Dolphin’s body is found, and Cameron breaks down into tears. Realising the reality of what he has done, Seth runs to a nearby field and, overwhelmed with guilt and grief, screams at the setting sun.
Majhdhaar	Bollywood	drama	Ismayil Shroff	The movie starts with Krishna talking to Shanti while he receives a letter and then realizes he is late and must be leaving to meet someone, he then reaches a house and sees Gopal on his deathbed, and Gopal goes into a flashback. This story is about three childhood best friends: Krishna, Radha and Gopal (an orphan). Krishna (Rahul Roy) and Radha (Manisha Koirala) are in love, Gopal loves Radha. Gopal goes to earn and become financially strong so that on his return, he can marry Radha, meanwhile when Gopal is gone, Krishna and Radha get involved in a very intimate relationship, which results in Radha getting pregnant. Then Gopal (Salman Khan) returns in Radha's life. Radha, who is still in love with Krishna, is unable to express her feelings for Gopal. Circumstances become favorable for Gopal and he succeeds in marrying Radha, and subsequently, Radha gives birth to a baby girl, Shanti (Krishna's child). Guilty Radha leaves Shanti with Gopal (who thinks Shanti is her daughter) never to return, and hides in her father's house. Later Radha attempts to suicide by jumping in a river but fails; caught by police, they keep her in their supervision. Gopal gets to know where she is and comes to meet Radha, Radha tells Gopal that she loved Krishna and Shanti is Krishna's daughter. Gopal breaks down and says that everything will be alright. He makes his Will and hands over Shanti to Krishna with a letter saying that he is going just like he came, handing over Krishna's daughter to her real father, Gopal decides that he is giving all his wealth to Shanti and along with this, there are divorce papers; he is setting Radha free from this relationship so that she can live her life the way she wants. Gopal then goes away on a ship. Back to the future, elderly Gopal lying on bed meets Krishna and says he just wanted to meet Krishna and now he can die. Gopal dies. Krishna tells his daughter that the same night when Gopal left, Radha went to an Ashram leaving everyone and to spend the rest of her life there, the letter that Krishna received the other day said that Radha has died.
Parallel Sons	American	drama	John G. Young	Seth is a youth with artistic leanings, a rural white young man with a fascination with Black pop culture, and a dead-end life in an Adirondack village. He's alternatively sensitive and brutal with Kristen, who wants a sexual relationship that he explosively rejects. Late one night, as he's closing the cafe where he works, a young Black man, called Knowledge, attempts to rob him at gun point, but faints from illness. Seth takes the man, who is an escapee from a nearby local youthful offender boot camp. he nurses him in a family cabin and they begin a tentative friendship. When the sheriff learns of Seth's harboring a fugitive, a confrontation looms. Relationships between fathers and their children dominate the subplots
The Maids	British	drama	Christopher Miles	Solange and Claire are two housemaids who construct elaborate sadomasochistic rituals when their mistress (Madame) is away. The focus of their role-playing is the murder of Madame and they take turns portraying both sides of the power divide. Their deliberate pace and devotion to detail guarantees that they always fail to actualize their fantasies by ceremoniously killing Madame at the ritual's dénouement.
The Naxalites	Bollywood	drama	Khwaja Ahmad Abbas	The Naxalites is the story of Naxalites and their life struggle against the system.
Re-encounter	South_Korean	drama	Unknown	When precocious teenager Hye-hwa realizes that she is pregnant, the assertive young woman seems to have everything under control. But her convictions come crashing down when her loving, docile boyfriend Han-soo disappears without a word, apparently having been exiled to Canada by his mother. Five years down the road, Hye-hwa’s spunky attitude and fondness for colorful manicures have been replaced by a fixation with rescuing abandoned dogs when she's not grooming the creatures for a living. Mothering her widowed boss's son provides her some relief; she is wise and weathered far beyond her 23 years. The fragile equilibrium maintained by her routine lifestyle breaks, however, after an unwarranted re-encounter with Han-soo. At first Hye-hwa refuses her ex's approach, but her heart drops when he informs her that their child is actually well and alive — contrary to her understanding that the baby girl had died hours after birth. Han-soo explains that their daughter had been given up for adoption by their own grandmothers. Unable to help herself, Hye-hwa goes along with him in trying to track the baby down, leading to tragic consequences.[4][5][6][7]
Scrooge	British	drama	Henry Edwards	On Christmas Eve in 1843 Ebenezer Scrooge (Sir Seymour Hicks) a cold-hearted and greedy elderly money-lender is seen working in his freezing counting house along with his suffering, under-paid clerk Bob Cratchit (Donald Calthrop). Two fellow business men arrive at the counting house to collect a donation for the poor from Scrooge but the old man instead supports the prisons and workhouses and goes as far to say if the poor would rather die then they 'better do it and decrease the surplus population'. Scrooge catches Bob trying to take some coal but warns him he will be out of a job if he does not go back to work. Scrooge then refuses to dine with his only relative Fred his nephew and claims Christmas is 'Humbug!'. That night after work Bob goes home to celebrate the holidays with his family while Scrooge dines alone at a seedy pub while the lords and ladies of London celebrate Christmas with the Lord Mayor of London. At his house Scrooge encounters the ghost of his seven-year dead partner Jacob Marley (Who is invisible in this version) who wears a chain he 'forged in life' from his own wicked career. He tells Scrooge he will be haunted by three spirits in order to escape his fate. That night as Marley warned Scrooge is haunted by the Ghost of Christmas Past (Marie Ney) who shows Scrooge when he lost his fiancée due to his greedy nature towards others including a debt-ridden couple. Scrooge then sees that his ex-fiancée is now married and has many children. The next sprit the Ghost of Christmas Present (Oscar Asche) shows Scrooge just how poor Bob and his family are as they have a meager Christmas dinner of goose and pudding. The spirit threatens that unless the future changes Tiny Tim (Philip Frost) the youngest son who is ill will die. Scrooge then sees how others keep Christmas before seeing Fred celebrate with his wife and friends. The Ghost of Christmas of yet to Come (C.V. France) shows Scrooge what lies in store the following year. Scrooge discovers Tim is dead and that the man that was robbed and spoken of by some businessmen was himself after seeing his grave. Scrooge returns home a changed man and becomes a generous person. He orders a turkey for Bob and his family, gives a healthy donation to the two men from the day before and dines with Fred. The film then ends with Scrooge raising Bob's wages and that he will be a stepfather to Tim before the two attend church together.
Trio	British	drama	Ken Annakin, Harold French	The new vicar (Michael Hordern) of St. Peter's Church is astonished to learn that the long-serving verger, Albert Foreman (James Hayter), is illiterate. When Foreman is too set in his ways to want to learn to read, the vicar feels he has no choice but to sack him. On the way back to his lodgings, Foreman notices that there is not a tobacconist shop in the area. Needing work, he decides to open one. He also takes the opportunity to propose to his landlady, Emma (Kathleen Harrison). Their fledgling business is so successful that when his stepdaughter's husband loses his job, Foreman sets up another shop for them to run. Over the next decade, Foreman starts up more and more shops, becoming a wealthy man in the process and depositing his profits at the bank. The bank manager (Felix Aylmer) recommends that he invest his sizeable savings to get a better return on his money, causing Foreman to reveal that he could not read the necessary papers. The astonished manager exclaims (rhetorically) what would you be today if you had been able to?; Foreman replies that he would be the verger at St. Peter's. Reserved Mr. Gray (Wilfred Hyde-White) finds himself forced to share a cabin on an ocean liner with the loud, opinionated, supremely self-confident gem dealer Max Kelada (Nigel Patrick). Kelada soon dominates all the onboard social gatherings, much to the annoyance of his fellow passengers, who take to calling him Mr. Know-All behind his back because of his insistence that he is an expert on all subjects. One night, he remarks on the fine quality of the pearl necklace worn by the pretty Mrs. Ramsay (Anne Crawford), who has rejoined her husband (Naunton Wayne) after a two-year separation caused by his work. Mr. Ramsay bets him that the pearls are fake; Kelada swiftly accepts the wager, despite Mrs. Ramsay's attempt to call it off. While examining the pearls, Kelada observes that the woman is very uneasy. He then admits that he was wrong and pays Mr. Ramsay. Afterwards, back in their cabin, Gray and Kelada are surprised when a banknote is slipped under their door. Gray gets Kelada to tell the truth: the pearls are real and very costly. Kelada adds that he would not have left such an attractive wife alone for that long. Gray begins to warm to his cabinmate. This segment was based on Sanatorium, included in the 1947 collection of Maugham stories Creatures of Circumstance. Writer Mr. Ashenden (Roland Culver) is sent to a sanatorium for his health. While there, he becomes acquainted with the lives and dramas of the residents. Another newcomer is the scandalous Major George Templeton (Michael Rennie), who admires lovely Evie Bishop (Jean Simmons). Evie has spent years in one sanatorium after another. Ashenden also observes the ongoing feud between longtime patients Mr. Campbell (John Laurie) and Mr. McLeod (Finlay Currie), who delight in making each other's lives miserable. Finally, Mr. Chester (Raymond Huntley) resents the visits of his loving wife (Betty Ann Davies) because he envies her robust good health. Tragedy strikes when McLeod dies, depriving Campbell of his enjoyment of life. Meanwhile, George and Evie fall in love; however, doctors warn them that George will hasten his death if they marry and try to enjoy a normal life. Despite the warning, the lovers decide that happiness, no matter how brief, is worth the price and leave the sanatorium. Their example eases Mr. Chester's bitterness with his own fate and strengthens his love for his wife.
Krishnopokkho	Bangladeshi	drama	Meher Afroz Shaon	Aru marries Muhib without the consent from any of the family. After marriage they go to Muhib's friend 's place. Muhib tries to manage a job for him while Aru's family thinks otherwise and the story turns into a new way.[5] The story revolves around the love-story of Muhib and Oru where both being together are not together. Muhib is brought up in his brother-in-law’s home with his sister. Muhib and his sister came from a rural family. His sister got married to an elite bourgeoisie man, who is too strict at his rules and too robotic, rather than humane. His sister and brother-in-law have one daughter named Sara. The family seems fine, yet lacks of love and affection. Muhib is always afraid of his brother-in-law who is fatherlike in rudeness, without any single affection. Being in love with Oru, Muhib married her without informing anyone all of a sudden. Oru’s family didn’t know as well. Just after their marriage, Muhib’s brother-in-law offered him a job out of the city. On his way, he had a terrible car accident which brought disaster to all and twisted the stream of all characters. Muhib’s sister, being shocked, for the first time, raised voice against her husband and insulted him about his non-human behaviour all through the life. On the other hand, Oru’s family already fixed a groom for Oru and they were unknown of Oru’s marriage with Muhib. However, in the end, when Oru was informed about the accident, she couldn’t help but reveal their secret marriage. At first it was thought that Oru’s marriage with Muhib should never be revealed as Oru must start a new life. But Oru, when heard the news, rushed to the hospital and desired to be Muhib’s wife forever waiting for his return from Coma.
Kabuliwala	Bengali	drama	Tapan Sinha	Rahmat (Chhabi Biswas), a middle-age fruit seller from Afghanistan, comes to Calcutta to hawk his merchandise. He befriends a small Bengali girl called Mini (Oindrila Tagore aka Tinku Tagore) who reminds him of his daughter back in Afghanistan. He stays at a boarding house with his countrymen. One day, Rahmat receives a letter with news of his daughter’s illness; he decides to leave for his country. Since he is short of money he sells his goods on credit to increase his business. Later, when he goes to collect his money, one of his customers abuses him. In the fight that ensues, Rahmat warns that he will not tolerate abuse and stabs the guy when he does not stop. In the court Rahmat's lawyer tries to obfuscate the facts but, in his characteristic and simple fashion, Rahmat states the truth in a matter-of-fact way. The judge, pleased with Rahmat's honesty, gives him 10 years' rigorous imprisonment instead of the death sentence. On the day of his release he goes to meet Mini and discovers that she has grown up into a 14-year-old girl who is about to get married. Mini does not recognize Rahmat, who realizes that his daughter must have forgotten him, too. Mini's father gives Rahmat the money for travel out of the wedding budget to which Mini agrees; she also sends a gift for Rahmat's daughter.
The Call of the East	British	drama	Bert Wynne	As described in a film magazine,[4] Sheila Hepburn (Loomis), the half-sister of Alan Hepburn (Holt), is the daughter of a Japanese mother. While visiting Alan, who works in Tokyo, she attends a festival with her Japanese maid while wearing a Japanese kimono. There she meets the wealthy Arai Takada (Hayakawa), who is taken by the mysterious woman. Alan has dishonored and betrayed O'Mitsu (Aoki), and her brother Arai plans a terrible revenge. Alan loses heavily at cards to Arai and, to forget his losses, accompanies Arai to his country home. There Alan is about to be thrust into a pool of quicksand to die when Sheila appears, having been warned of Arai's plans. Dismayed that the woman he met at the festival is Alan's sister, Arai sees that she and Alan do not meet, but later agrees to release her brother as Sheila wins Arai's love and respect. At that moment Alan appears, having escaped from his prison, and strikes Arai down. Sheila bursts into tears and runs to the fallen man, and Alan, seeing his sister responding to the call of the east, departs.
In Love and War	American	drama	Richard Attenborough	The film's plot starts in Italy during World War I, where the president of United States sends teams of Red Cross doctors and nurses to boost Italian morale and help care for the wounded. Volunteers drive ambulances and work in the front line canteens. Ernest Hemingway (Chris O'Donnell), a 19-year-old boy, becomes an ambulance driver in Italy, although he wishes to become a reporter and writer. In an attempt to fight against the enemy, he ends up with a broken leg, trying to save a companion from the field. He is taken into a hospital, where an American nurse, Agnes von Kurowsky (Sandra Bullock), takes care of him. During the first night at the hospital, Ernest tells Agnes I love you. Let's get married, while in a state of delirium. Ernest's health becomes worse, and Agnes tries everything to save his leg from what she believes is gangrene. A successful operation returns Ernest to a path of recovery. As time passes by, the two become attached, even though Agnes has reservations about the affair because of their difference in age. Ernest becomes more and more attracted to the nurse as his health slowly returns. Eventually, Agnes and some other nurses need to be moved closer to the front. Because she can't find Ernest to tell him the bad news in person, she asks her friend to send him a letter. Ernest is shocked at finding out that she has left. While working on the front, Agnes receive a letter from Ernest telling her how much he misses her presence. After a few days, Ernest is finally able to visit Agnes, telling her that he has received new orders, which say he must return to the United States. He confesses his love for Agnes, asking her to meet him at a nearby hotel in order to spend their remaining time together and to promise each other daily letters, until they are able to get married. After some time spend on the front, Agnes is asked by one of the nurses, a good friend with her, to spend the weekend at their doctor's house, Dr. Domenico Caracciolo, who seems to have feelings for Agnes. The three of them spend quality time together, the doctor showing them the surroundings of Venice. The letters from Agnes soon become less and less frequent, causing Ernest great concern. While showing her an unfinished hospital, Dr. Domenico proposes to Agnes. She hesitates, still thinking of Ernest. She decides to write him a difficult letter, telling him that their relationship must end, one of the reasons being the age gap between them. Ernest is devastated by this awful announcement. Eight months later, in New York, Agnes meets an old friend and ex-patient, Harry. She confesses that she did not marry the doctor, and finds out that Ernest is still angry at her. She decides to go to Ernest's old cabin, near Lake Warloon. Still angry and proud, Ernest doesn't accept that their love story is over. The film ends with Agnes telling him I love you as she leaves the cabin, never to see him again.
Samurai Cop	American	drama	Amir Shervan	When a renegade Japanese gang known as the Katana take control of the cocaine trade in Los Angeles, the LAPD transfer in a Samurai Cop from the SDPD to help tackle the problem. Joe Marshall has been trained by the masters in Japan and speaks fluent Japanese, but dresses like a commoner. An attempted bust meets with failure after a bizarre car chase leads to multiple deaths and the only witness burned and unable to testify. Katana boss Fuj Fujiyama orders the injured Katana member to be executed and his head displayed on a piano to remind all functioning Katana members of their code of silence. Joe and his partner Frank confront the Katana at the Carlos'n Charlie's restaurant on Sunset Boulevard and attempt to reprimand them into obeying the law. When that fails, Fujiyama's right-hand man Yamashita wages war in the parking lot, executing his own men who fail to subdue Joe and Frank, thus maintaining the code of silence. Joe then stalks Fujiyama's girlfriend Jennifer and seduces her. They have sexual relations while several of his police comrades are tortured and killed by the Katana gang who are looking for him. Unable to contain his anger any longer, commanding officer Captain Rohmer sanctions an assassination of every single Katana gang member. Joe and Frank head to Fujiyama's compound and gun down every living person and a final sword battle between Joe and Yamashita ends the reign of terror. To celebrate, Joe and Jennifer once again have relations.
The Devil's Playground	Australian	drama	Fred Schepisi	In August 1953, the 13-year-old Tom Allen attends a Catholic juniorate in Melbourne, Australia. Students and Brothers face individual challenges of faith and self-restraint.
Storm Boy	Australian	drama	Henri Safran	Mike (Greg Rowe) is a lonely young boy wandering through the fierce deserted coast of South Australia's Coorong, near the mouth of the Murray River. He and his reclusive father 'Hide Away' Tom (Peter Cummins) live in the isolated sand dunes facing the Southern Ocean. In search of friendship, Mike encounters another recluse in the wilderness, Fingerbone Bill (David Gulpilil), an Aboriginal man estranged from his tribal people. Fingerbone names Mike Storm Boy and enlists the child's help caring for three orphaned pelican chicks. Eventually, Mike's Dad insists that he release the grown birds back into the wild. However one particular pelican, named by Mike 'Mr Percival', returns. The bird forms a deep bond with the boy until sadly, Mr Percival is shot by duck shooters. With the wise guidance of Fingerbone Bill, Mike learns of the cycle of life and is eventually allowed by his father to attend school for the first time in a nearby village.
The Wandering Jew	British	drama	Maurice Elvey	The plot follows the titular character's epic journey. He is finally burnt at the stake by the Spanish Inquisition. As he burns, he is forgiven by God and finally allowed to die. The story bears a resemblance to the legend of the Flying Dutchman.
Woodshock	American	drama	Kate and Laura Mulleavy	Theresa provides her terminally-ill mother with a cannibis joint laced with poison, allowing her to commit assisted suicide. After her mother's death, she inherits her home in rural Northern California. Theresa's boyfriend, Nick, wants her to move elsewhere with him, but she insists on staying in her mother's house. Theresa returns to her job at a cannabis dispensary owned by her friend Keith, but is noticeably withdrawn. She attends a house party with Keith, and talks with Johnny, a mutual friend who is younger than both of them. One day while Theresa is working, a sick elderly man, Ed, comes into the shop to pick up the same poison-laced cannabis Theresa administered to her mother. Theresa gives him the cannabis and he leaves; aware that he is using it to commit suicide, Theresa experiences an emotional breakdown. Ed returns later in the evening, informing Theresa and Keith that the drug failed to work. In the middle of the night, Theresa receives a phone call from Keith. She meets him at a carwash, where he tells her that Johnny has died, and accuses her of accidentally selling Johnny the poison-laced cannabis intended for Ed. Her grief now compounded by guilt, Theresa's emotional state becomes increasingly fragile, and she begins retreating to the surrounding woods for hours at a time, causing strain on her relationship with Nick. Contemplating suicide, she prepares five individual joints laced with the poison, but at first cannot bring herself to smoke them. Later that night, she goes into the woods and works up the nerve to smoke one of the joints, but it does not kill her; she awakens the next morning with scratches on her legs. She smokes a second joint in the morning, and has visions of herself walking through the wilderness. Later, she smokes the third joint, which induces powerful hallucinations, but does not kill her. When she returns to consciousness, she finds that she has dismantled a wooden fence outside the house, but has no recollection of doing so. Later that night, Theresa meets with Keith at a local bar, and smokes a fourth joint. After, she drives to Ed's house and confesses to him how she inadvertently killed Johnny. After telling him the news, Ed dies in front of her. Upon returning home, she gets into a fight with Nick when she refuses to tell him where she has been. She eventually leaves and walks to Keith's house, visibly ill and vomiting. Keith, who perceives Theresa's guilt over the deaths of her mother and Johnny, suggests she confide in Nick. Theresa refutes the idea, and Keith threatens to call Nick on the phone. Theresa begins burning her fingertips on a hot clothes iron that Keith has left on. When he attempts to stop her, she attacks him, burning his face with the iron, and then beats him over the head with it numerous times, killing him. Covered in blood, Theresa wanders into the woods and smokes the last of the poison-laced joints. This induces numerous visions of the landscape, during which Theresa begins levitating, and ascends into the tree canopy.
Last Song in Paris	Hong Kong	drama	Chor Yuen	Louie (Leslie Cheung), a spoiled pop star, has a one-night stand with beautiful dancer, Anita (Anita Mui). When Anita tells Louie that she dreamed of becoming a singer, he brings her to the stage and becomes a star. Anita has fallen in love with Louie, but Louie loves Julia (Joey Wong). However, Louie later finds out that Julia is dating his father, Kent (Paul Chu). Louie then leaves Hong Kong and heads to Paris leaving his career behind. Then he meets, Yuan Yu-shih (Cecilia Yip), a Vietnamese refugee that suffers from a war wound. In Paris, Louie lives his new life happily as a dishwasher with his new lover. However, his past life starts to come back when Anita comes to pay a visit.
The End of Innocence	American	drama	Dyan Cannon	A young girl is spiritually torn apart by forces beyond her control. After suffering a nervous breakdown, she is placed in an asylum, where for the first time she is treated as a human being by a compassionate psychiatrist.
Last Man Standing	American	drama	Walter Hill	In 1932 Prohibition-era Texas, aimless wanderer John Smith (Bruce Willis) drives his Ford Model A Coupe into the small bordertown of Jericho. As he arrives, a young woman named Felina (Karina Lombard) crosses the street, catching Smith's eye. Moments later, a group of Irish mobsters, led by Finn (Patrick Kilpatrick), surround Smith's car. They warn him against staring at Doyle's property and puncture his tires and smash his windshield. Smith leaves his car in the street and goes to speak with Sheriff Ed Galt (Bruce Dern). Sheriff Galt doesn't bother to conceal his cowardice or corruption, saying he won't act against Doyle's gang and advises Smith to wait for his car to be repaired and to leave town. Instead, Smith walks to the town hotel, run by Joe Monday (William Sanderson) where Smith orders a drink, books himself a room, and arms himself before announcing his intention to petition Finn for damages. Smith enters Doyle's building, finds Finn, and asks him to pay for the damages to his car. Finn mocks him and threatens to shoot Smith. Smith and Finn get in a gunfight, which Smith wins with alarming speed. Smith departs, leaves the remaining gangsters alive as witnesses, and returns to the hotel bar, much to the surprise of Jericho's residents. Following Finn's death, Fredo Strozzi (Ned Eisenberg), the head of Jericho's Italian gang, offers Smith a job in his outfit. Strozzi predicts a gang war between his and Doyle's gang, and is hiring as many skilled soldiers as he can. Smith accepts the job and sits down to dinner with the Strozzi gang where he meets Giorgio Carmonte (Michael Imperioli), son of a prominent Chicago mobster who is monitoring Strozzi's activities in Jericho. Carmonte expresses his distrust with Smith, who leaves the dinner, and meets and seduces Strozzi's mistress, Lucy (Alexandra Powers). Smith accompanies Strozzi and his men to a remote Texas road. Together with Ramirez, a corrupt Mexican police capitán providing security for Doyle, Strozzi ambushes and kills Doyle's men and seizes his entire liquor shipment. Following the ambush, Carmonte travels to Mexico to cut more deals with Ramirez. Meanwhile, Doyle (David Patrick Kelly) and his right-hand man, Hickey (Christopher Walken) return to Jericho and hear about the recent events, from Smith's arrival to Finn's death and the loss of their liquor shipment. Smith defects to the Doyle Gang and reveals to them Strozzi and Carmonte's bribery of Ramirez. Hickey travels to Mexico, where he kills Strozzi's and Ramirez's men, a corrupt U.S Border Patrol officer, and kidnaps Carmonte. Doyle contacts Strozzi and demands a large ransom for Carmonte, as well as the return of his trucks. Strozzi in turn kidnaps Felina and offers an even trade, Felina for Carmonte. The two gangs make the exchange and return to their respective empires. Smith is summoned by Sheriff Galt and meets Captain Tom Pickett (Ken Jenkins) of the Texas Rangers, who is upset over the death of the Border Patrol officer. He warns Smith that he can tolerate one gang in Jericho, but not two. He says that in ten days he will bring a squad of 20 Texas Rangers to Jericho and if he finds more than one gang, will wipe them both out. Smith says he intends to play the gangs against each other, wiping them both out and making money in the process. Pickett leaves, emphasizing that, if he finds Smith here in ten days, he'll kill him as well. Lucy comes to Smith and reveals that Strozzi, angered after the exchange, beat her and had Giorgio cut her ear off when she revealed her affair with Smith. Smith gives her some money and puts her on a bus out of Jericho. The next day Smith relays a false rumor that Strozzi is bringing in more soldiers. Playing on Doyle's obsession with Felina, he makes Doyle afraid that Strozzi will try to kidnap her again, and Doyle orders Smith to go to the safehouse where Felina is being held. Smith kills the men guarding Felina. Felina reveals that her husband lost to Doyle on a game of poker and he kept her as a prize, and she goes to Mexico to return to her family, with Smith giving her one of Doyle's cars and some money. The next day, Smith is waiting at the safehouse when Doyle arrives, and claims that he arrived too late, Strozzi's men had already killed the guards and abducted Felina. Doyle's henchman Jack McCool (R. D. Call) believes Smith's story, while Hickey suspects that Smith killed the guards and freed Felina. Doyle goes berserk and declares all-out war on Strozzi and his gang. Smith's plan goes awry when Hickey and some of Doyle's men ambush Smith, with Hickey revealing that he had pieced together the truth by learning that Felina was not abducted by Strozzi and had sold her car in Mexico and took a bus to the South. Doyle imprisons Smith and has him tortured, demanding to know where Felina is. Despite the heavy torture inflicted on him, Smith refuses to talk. Later that night, he escapes by killing two of Doyle's men, and escapes town with the aid of Monday and Sheriff Galt. As they are driving out of town, they see Doyle's gang slaughtering Strozzi's gang at a roadhouse. After all of their men are killed by Doyle's men, Strozzi and Carmonte exit the roadhouse and try to surrender to a revenge-driven Doyle. Hickey shoots Strozzi to death, while Carmonte is killed by Doyle's men. Smith takes refuge at a remote church where Felina went to pray. Two days later, Sheriff Galt arrives and informs Smith that Monday was caught smuggling food and water to Smith and that Doyle will probably torture him to death. He then hands Smith his pistols and informs him that that is all the help Smith can expect from him. Smith returns to town and storms Strozzi's hotel, which is now Doyle's headquarters and kills all of Doyle's men, including McCool, and rescues Monday. Doyle and Hickey are absent, having gone down to Mexico in a desperate search for Felina. In the final scene, Doyle, Hickey and Deputy Bob confront Smith at the burned-out remains of Strozzi's hideout since Smith summoned them there. Doyle, still despondent over the loss of Felina, tells Smith they can be partners and begs him to reveal where to find her. Before he can get further, Monday shoots Doyle in the chest with a Wild-West era revolver, killing him for ruining his town and Smith shoots a shotgun-wielding Bob before he can retaliate. Hickey drops his submachine gun and says he doesn't want to die in Texas (Chicago maybe) and starts to walk away, intending to actually kill Smith. With lightning speed he turns and quickdraws a pistol from his holster, but Smith is faster and shoots Hickey, killing him. Smith gets into his Ford (which was repaired by the mechanic) and drives on to Mexico, his original destination, leaving Monday some money and Doyle's car to return to Jericho. He reflects that he is as broke as he was when he first arrived, having given all the money he made off the two gangs to various women in order to get them out of town, including Felina and Lucy. However, he consoles himself that everyone in the two gangs is better off dead.
Grace of My Heart	American	drama	Allison Anders	The film opens in the year 1958 where Edna Buxton (Illeana Douglas) is a steel heiress living in Chestnut Hill, Philadelphia, who wants to be a singer and enters a talent contest. The story begins with a conversation between herself and her mother (Christina Pickles) with regard to what she will sing and what she will wear. At her mother's insistence, she reluctantly makes a plan to sing You'll Never Walk Alone. Edna is even less thrilled about her mother's choice of wardrobe, calling it uncomfortable. Her mother responds with a cutting remark, Perhaps it's not the dress. Perhaps it's you who doesn't fit, dear. Backstage at the contest, she meets a blues singer named Doris Shelley (Jennifer Leigh Warren). Doris advises Edna to follow her heart, and the two women trade dresses. Clad in Doris’s sleek black dress, Edna sings Hey There instead. Despite the fact that she wins the contest, she loses the respect of her mother, who has since left the theater in humiliation. An excited Edna decides to use her grand prize winnings to record a demo. The studio producer (Richard Schiff) tactfully delivers the painful truth to Edna that not only are girl singers not getting signed, the record companies are trying to get rid of the ones currently on their rosters. When she tells him that she wrote the song, he is impressed enough to direct her to Joel Milner (John Turturro) who takes her under his wing, renames her Denise Waverly and invents a blue-collar persona for her. Milner reworks her song for a male doo-wop group, the Stylettes, as male solo artists are groups are far more marketable. The song becomes a hit. Denise (formerly Edna) moves to New York City and becomes a songwriter in the Brill Building. At a party, she meets the arrogant songwriter Howard Caszatt (Eric Stoltz), and despite an awkward initial meeting they become romantically involved. She also reunites with Doris, who is not only singing at the party that night, but apologizes for keeping Denise’s expensive dress after all that time. She insists it was because she wasn’t sure how or where to return it. Meanwhile, Denise offers to and writes a song specifically for Doris and her two girlfriends. She persuades a reluctant Milner to audition the group. Milner likes the group and the song Denise has written, and renames the group The Luminaries. In 1965, at Howard's insistence, he and Denise begin writing together; partly out of respect for her talent, but primarily because she's had greater mainstream and commercial success. His songs had been deemed too controversial and had been repeatedly banned from radio airplay. She overhears an argument between Sha-Sha (Kathy Barbour)’s niece Annie (Tracy Vilar) and her boyfriend. It turns out the young teen is pregnant. Denise and Howard pen the song “Unwanted Number” based on the girl’s struggle. Although it's banned, it attracts the attention of prominent and influential disc jockey John Murray (Bruce Davison) who, despite the negative attention of the song, credits Denise with sparking the craze for girl groups. Denise then suggests that she and Howard should write a wedding-themed song for the Luminaries. Howard says he doesn't believe in marriage, but when Denise reveals that she is pregnant with Howard's child, they are married and have a daughter. Life is idyllic for Denise with a family and successful songwriting career. Milner then recruits the beautiful English songwriter Cheryl Steed (Patsy Kensit), who immediately catches Howard’s eye, and ultimately Denise’s disdain. Cheryl immediately diffuses the flirtation by informing the couple that she already has a songwriting partner—her husband Matthew (Chris Isaak). Joel tasks Denise and Cheryl with collaboration on a song for the ingénue singer Kelly Porter (Bridget Fonda). The women protest but, nevertheless, bond over the realization that the young songstress is in a closeted lesbian relationship. Their song “My Secret Love” is the hit that is born out of this situation. Denise arrives home unexpectedly and finds Howard in bed with another woman; not long afterward, she learns that she is pregnant with Howard's second baby; Cheryl convinces her to see an obstetrician, who safely performs an illegal abortion. Denise and Cheryl then become close friends. Over the next few years, Denise throws herself into her work and becomes highly successful. Having broken up with Howard, she has a brief but unhappy affair with the married John Murray, which ends when he moves with his family to Chicago. In 1970, Denise is despondent over the end of her affair with Murray. As a means of cheering her up, he finally offers to send her to the studio to sing for herself. As added incentive, he offers the production assistance of California wunderkind Jay Phillips to produce her single. She’s initially hesitant, saying she finds the whole surf and turf sound laughable. She writes and sings God Give Me Strength, and is delighted by Jay's skillful orchestral arrangement. Her record, however, bombs. Between the loss suffered by her foundering single and the advent of the British invasion. Milner's fortunes are depleted. Denise blames herself for making the song too personal and bankrupting Joel. He tells her she did more for him than she realized and that it was time for then both to move on. Denise and Jay become a couple and resettle in California. Things seem fine for a while; Annie has stayed on to help take care of Denise’s daughter Luna, and the child becomes like a sister to Annie’s son. Jay is affectionate and showers love on both children, but is reclusive and a user of recreational drugs like marijuana and peyote. He disapproves of Denise writing songs for television-she’s since joined forces with the newly divorced Cheryl who is writing Los Angeles for a Bubblegum pop TV show called Where the Action Is. He insists that it's beneath her and hopes that she'll fail. Jay's behavior becomes more erratic-He becomes increasingly paranoid. His songwriting becomes too avant garde and his band mates distance themselves from him. He takes the children on an outing, and comes home, having completely forgotten them. When the police bring them home safely, Jay realizes what he’s done and drifts into a deep depression causing him to become even more isolated. The depression seemingly abates after a visit from his friend Jonesy, who reminds him of the things that are important in his life, including his groovy new old lady, Denise. Thinking that the worst is over, Denise invites Jay to join her and Cheryl at the Whiskey a Go-Go to hear Doris (who embarked on a solo career in LA when The Luminaries broke up) and her new boyfriend sing. Jay begs off, saying he's got a song idea he wants to explore. He promises a night of lovemaking when she returns. While the women celebrate, Jay is revealed to be still in the throes of his depression; having put on a brave face for Denise's benefit. He walks into the ocean, taking his own life. Denise is further distraught to discover that Jay's fans blame her for not stopping his death. Numbed by Jay's death, Denise retires with her family to a hippie commune in Northern California and tries to make sense of everything that has happened. A year or two later, Joel Milner visits Denise at the commune and takes her and the children to dinner. That night, he criticizes how far down she's allowed her grieving to take her and that it's destroying her and her talent. Denise angrily lashes out, and she tells Milner that he'd be nothing without her success. He agrees, and the more he agrees with the angrier she becomes. She strikes him then collapses in tears, grieving for Jay. Milner consoles her and the two are reconciled. With Joel's help and Jay's spiritual guidance from beyond, Denise is able to put the pieces of her life together to create what will become the platinum-selling work Grace of My Heart. As she lays down the piano track for the song, her life is recounted in pictures; leading to the moment when her own mother receives a copy of her album in the mail with a handwritten note. Seemingly proud of her daughter's success, she smiles. Denise finally finds her fit after all.
Parvarish	Bollywood	drama	Manmohan Desai	Deputy Superintendent of Police Shamsher Singh (Shammi Kapoor) captures the notorious bandit Mangal Singh (Amjad Khan) just as Mangal's wife is about to give birth. She dies at childbirth, but not before extracting from the DSP his promise to take care of her son. Subsequently, DSP Singh raises the boy alongside his own. Though DSP Singh's natural son Kishen (Vinod Khanna) has a wicked streak, w Mangal's son, Amit (Amitabh Bachchan), is endowed with an honest nature. Released after 14 years in jail, Mangal finds out that his son is with his old enemy. He mistakes Kishen to be his son and instigates him to fight against Shamsher's family. They join the underworld gang and spread havoc. Amit becomes an honest police officer and is assigned the task of nabbing the gang. After a misunderstanding, Kishen comes to believe he is actually Mangal's son and falls under the bandit's influence, though he continues to live in the inspector's home.[2] The remainder of the film deals with how Kishen and Amit find out the truth about their origins and how they react to the situation.
Running Scared	British	drama	David Hemmings	Tom Betancourt (Robert Powell), a student at Cambridge University, leaves after having watched his best friend commit suicide by slashing his wrists. On principle, Tom refused to interfere, having discussed the matter with his friend, who had insisted that the suicide was his choice and that he did not wish it to be prevented. Tom then visits his friend's parents under an assumed name, and falls in love with the dead boy's sister (Gayle Hunnicutt). A complicated affair ensues.
Prisoner of Rio	British	drama	Lech Majewski	After escaping from Wandsworth prison for his part in the Great Train Robbery, Ronald Ronnie Biggs (Paul Freeman) goes on the run to Rio de Janeiro and becomes the world's most wanted man. Hot on his trail however is committed copper Jack McFarland (Steven Berkoff), who will stop at nothing to bring him back to justice - even if that means stepping outside the law.
Cry, the Beloved Country	American	drama	Darrell Roodt	Set in South Africa in October 1946, before the implementation of apartheid, this is the story of church minister Steven Kumalo who is requested from his village to Johannesburg.[1] There he discovers that his son Absolom has been arrested for the murder of a white man. The white man's father James Jarvis, supports apartheid. When the two meet, they come to unexpected understandings about their sons and their own humanity.
Lord of the Flies	American	drama	Harry Hook	An aircraft carrying 24 young American military school cadet boys returning home crash lands into the sea near a remote, uninhabited, jungle island in the Pacific Ocean. The pilot of the plane Captain Benson (Michael Greene), the only adult survivor, is seriously injured and delirious. All of the survivors arrive on the island. During the night, Simon, the most independent cadet, finds a river and notifies the other boys, to which they all drink out of it and explore the island afterwards. Meanwhile, on the beach, an overweight cadet with glasses who is only known by his nickname Piggy, finds a seashell and takes it to the grouped cadets, who adopt it to signal the right to speak and be heard by the group. The senior cadet, and one of the elder boys, Cadet Colonel Ralph, organizes a meeting to discuss surviving their predicament. Ralph and another of the older boys, Jack, emerge dominant, and an impromptu election is held to determine an official leader for the group. Ralph is declared the winner. They start a fire using Piggy's glasses to try and alert any passing craft. Things go smoothly for a while, but tensions soon begin to grow between Ralph and Jack. One night, as they sleep, the delusional Captain Benson wanders away from the boys and into the jungle, eventually making his way to a cave deep inland. Jack brings all of his hunters to hunt in the jungle, leaving no one watching the fire. The fire goes out, preventing a passing helicopter from noticing them. Ralph blames Jack for failing to keep it going. During the ensuing fight, Jack, tired of listening to Ralph and Piggy, leaves and forms his own camp, taking many of the boys with him. As more and more boys defect to Jack's side, one of the younger boys, Larry, finds Captain Benson in the cave, mistakes him for a monster and stabs him, and then tells the other boys. Jack and his second-in-command Roger (Gary Rule) then go to the cave's entrance and mistakes Captain Benson's dying groans for the sounds of a monster. One night, Jack and his savages steal a knife from Ralph so they can make more spears, but accidentally trample on Piggy's glasses in the process, breaking one lens. Expecting to be rescued, Ralph's civilized leadership establishes a permanent signal-fire to alert passing ships of their presence on the island. Not expecting or wanting to be rescued, Jack's savage leadership adapts to circumstance; he establishes his camp as spear-bearing hunters who provide meat for both camps. They kill a Wild pig and leave its head as an offering to the monster that they believe is in the cave. Eventually, identical twins Sam and Eric (Andrew Taft and Edward Taft), two of Ralph's friends, leave him to join Jack's tribe, leaving Ralph with only Piggy and Simon left. Meanwhile, Simon finds the pig's head on the stick. He then uses a glow stick to explore the cave and discovers the corpse of Capt. Benson. Simon realizes Capt. Benson was what the boys thought was the monster and runs to the beach in an attempt to alert the boys of his discovery, but his waving of the glow stick frightens the other boys, who mistake him for the monster and stab him to death with their spears. The following morning, Ralph blames himself and Piggy for not stopping the hunters from killing Simon. Meanwhile, Jack tells his gang that the monster can come in any different form. After Piggy's glasses are stolen by Jack's savages that night so they could make fire, Piggy and Ralph travel to Jack's camp at Castle Rock, attempting to call a meeting using the conch. Piggy insists that everyone be sensible and work together, but Jack's savages refuse to listen. As Piggy speaks, Roger pushes a boulder off a cliff which lands on and kills Piggy. Ralph swears revenge on Jack, and Jack takes it as a threat. With his hunters, Jack drives Ralph away by throwing rocks at him. Later that night, Ralph secretly returns to Castle Rock to visit Sam and Eric, who warn him that the hunters will chase after Ralph on Jack's orders to protect himself from Ralph. The following morning, Jack and his hunters begin setting the jungle on fire to force Ralph out of hiding and kill him. Just barely dodging the spreading fire and Jack's hunters, Ralph makes a desperate run to the sea. He falls onto the beach, where he encounters a U.S. Marine Corps officer who has just landed on the island after having seen the fire that engulfed much of the island. The officer then asks What are you guys doing? as Ralph breaks down in tears. All the hunters, especially Jack and Roger, are scared at what will happen to them for killing Simon and Piggy and their failed attempt to kill Ralph as more Marines show up.
27 Down	Bollywood	drama	Awtar Krishna Kaul	The film is set on 27 Down, the Bombay-Varanasi Express, Sanjay (M.K. Raina) is on a pilgrimage journey to Varanasi (Banaras), and remembers his life in flashbacks.[6] Sanjay gives up his dreams to become an artist, in order to support his family he takes up his father's profession of railways employee. He spends his days as a railways ticket checker, till he meets a Life Insurance Corporation employee, Shalini (Raakhee), on the suburban train. After a few more meetings, they fall in love, and Sanjay starts seeing life differently, but when his father finds about their relationship, he fixes his marriage with some other girl.[4][5][6]
Irham Dmoo`i (Pity My Tears)	Egyptian	drama	Henry Barakat	Faten Hamama plays Amal, whose father loses most of his money and almost goes bankrupt. She gets abandoned by her fiancé. The owner of a nearby factory steps up and offers to help her father until his conditions get better. Amal marries this man, but their life together as a couple turns out to be boring. Amal, who wasn't very excited about their relationship initially, slowly discovers her husband's good qualities and their life turns into a happy one.
Night Eyes	American	drama	Jag Mundhra	Will Griffith is the owner of a security and surveillance company in Los Angeles. Will is hired by a rock star named Brian Walker, who is undergoing a messy divorce from his philandering wife Nikki, to rig the Walkers' home with video cameras to capture Nikki cheating on him with various lovers. During this job, Will gets to know Nikki better and ultimately grows more attracted to and protective of her, eventually ending up having an affair with her. Brian discovers their relationship, becomes jealous and breaks into the home in a fit of rage and is killed by Will in an act of self-defense. Events start to unfold and Will begins to realize that he may have been used as a decoy for something much bigger than he thought.
Final Mission	Bengali	drama	Sudipto Sengupta	The film starts with the murder of an honest industrialist, Jayabrata Chakraborty (Rajat Ganguly), as the result of a terrible plan made by three criminals - Ranabir Hazra (Shyamal Dutta), Binod Pandey (Shankar Chakraborty), and Manmohan Sawant (Raja Chattopadhyay). Formerly, Jayabrata was a close friend of Ranabir Hazra. Their relationship was strengthened by an unassailable companionship. Apart from that, Jayabrata’s wife (Irani Mukherjee) shared an extremely sympathetic relationship with Ranabir’s wife, Jui (Santana Bose). However, the harmony between the two families got spoiled as the greedy and cruel thoughts of Ranabir Hazra came to the forefront, with fumes of retaliation harboured by Jui against her own husband. Jui had thought of a deadly mission of avenging her husband. As a demonstration of her canny strategy, Jui deploys her own son, Rana (Ferdous Ahmed) along with Jayabrata’s son, Raja (Sanjay Banerjee) in the ferocious dynamic encounter against her own husband Ranabir. Emboldened by the momentum of Jui, Rana initiated the courageous campaign of exercising penal measures against the three conspirers - Ranabir, Binod and Manmohan.[1]
Kes	British	drama	Ken Loach	Fifteen-year-old Billy Casper has little hope in life. He is picked on, both at home by his physically and verbally abusive older half-brother, Jud, and at school, by his schoolmates and by abusive teachers. Although he insists that his earlier petty criminal behavior is behind him, he occasionally steals eggs and milk from milk floats. He has difficulty paying attention in school and is often provoked into tussles with classmates. Billy's father left the family some time ago, and his mother refers to him at one point, while somberly speaking to her friends about her children and their chances in life, as a hopeless case. One day, Billy takes a kestrel from a nest on a farm. His interest in learning falconry prompts him to steal a book on the subject from a secondhand book shop, as he is underage and needs – but lies about the reasons he cannot obtain – adult authorisation for a borrower's card from the public library. As the relationship between Billy and Kes, the kestrel, improves during the training, so does Billy's outlook and horizons. For the first time in the film, Billy receives praise, from his English teacher after delivering an impromptu talk about training Kes. Jud leaves money and instructions for Billy to place a bet on two horses, but, after consulting a bettor who tells him the horses are unlikely to win, Billy spends the money on fish and chips and intends to purchase meat for his bird (instead the butcher gives him scrap meat free of charge). However, the horses do win. Outraged at losing a payout of more than £10, Jud takes revenge by killing Billy's kestrel. Grief-stricken, Billy retrieves the bird's broken body from the waste bin and, after showing it to Jud and his mother, buries the bird on the hillside overlooking the field where he'd flown.
The Piano	American	drama	Jane Campion	A mute Scotswoman named Ada McGrath is sold by her father into marriage to a New Zealand frontiersman named Alisdair Stewart, bringing her young daughter Flora with her. Ada has not spoken a word since she was six and no one, including herself, knows why. She expresses herself through her piano playing and through sign language, for which her daughter has served as the interpreter. Flora, it is later learned, is the product of a relationship with a teacher with whom Ada believed she could communicate through her mind, but who became frightened and stopped listening, and thus left her. Ada, Flora, and their belongings, including a hand crafted piano, are deposited on a New Zealand beach by a ship's crew. The following day, Alisdair arrives with a Māori crew and his white friend, Baines, a fellow forester and retired sailor who has adopted many of the Maori customs, including tattooing his face. Alisdair tells Ada that there is no room in his small house for the piano and abandons the piano on the beach. Ada, in turn, is cold to him and is determined to be reunited with her piano. Unable to communicate with Alisdair, Ada and Flora visit Baines with a note asking to be taken to the piano. He explains that he cannot read. Baines soon suggests that Alisdair trade the instrument to him for some land. Alisdair consents, and agrees to his further request to receive lessons from Ada, oblivious to his attraction to her. Ada is enraged when she learns that Alisdair has traded away her precious piano without consulting her. During one visit, Baines proposes that Ada can earn her piano back at a rate of one piano key per lesson, provided that he can observe her and do things he likes while she plays. She agrees, but negotiates for a number of lessons equal to the number of black keys only. While Ada and her husband Alisdair have had no sexual, nor even mildly affectionate, interaction, the lessons with Baines become a slow seduction for her affection. Baines requests gradually increased intimacy in exchange for greater numbers of keys. Ada reluctantly accepts but does not give herself to him the way he desires. Realizing that she only does what she has to in order to regain the piano, and that she has no romantic feelings for him, Baines gives up and simply returns the piano to Ada, saying that their arrangement is making you a whore, and me wretched, and that what he really wants is for her to actually care for him. Despite Ada having her piano back, she ultimately finds herself missing Baines watching her as she plays. She returns to him one afternoon, where they submit to their desire for one another. Alisdair, having become suspicious of their relationship, hears them having sex as he walks by Baines' house, and then watches them through a crack in the wall. Outraged, he follows her the next day and confronts her in the forest, where he attempts to force himself on her, despite her intense resistance. He eventually exacts a promise from Ada that she will not see Baines. Soon afterwards, Ada sends her daughter with a package for Baines, containing a single piano key with an inscribed love declaration reading Dear George you have my heart Ada McGrath. Flora does not want to deliver the package and brings the piano key instead to Alisdair. After reading the love note burnt onto the piano key, Alisdair furiously returns home with an ax and cuts off Ada's index finger to deprive her of the ability to play the piano. He then sends Flora who witnessed this to Baines with the severed finger wrapped in cloth, with the message that if Baines ever attempts to see Ada again, he will chop off more fingers. Later that night, while touching Ada in her sleep, Alisdair hears what he believes to be Ada's voice inside of his head, asking him to let Baines take her away. Deeply shaken, he goes to Baines' house and asks if she has ever spoken words to him. Baines assures him she has not. Ultimately, it is assumed that he decides to send Ada and Flora away with Baines and dissolve their marriage once she has recovered from her injuries. They depart from the same beach on which she first landed in New Zealand. While being rowed to the ship with her baggage and Ada's piano tied onto a Māori longboat, Ada asks Baines to throw the piano overboard. As it sinks, she deliberately tangles her foot in the rope trailing after it. She is pulled overboard but, deep under water, changes her mind and kicks free and is pulled to safety. In an epilogue, Ada describes her new life with Baines and Flora in Nelson, where she has started to give piano lessons in their new home, and her severed finger has been replaced with a silver finger made by Baines. Ada has also started to take speech lessons in order to learn how to speak again.
Margaret's Museum	American	drama	Mort Ransen	Set in the 1940s in Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, it tells the story of a young girl living in a coal mining town where the death of men from accidents in the pit (the mines) has become almost routine. Margaret MacNeil (Helena Bonham Carter) has already lost her father and an older brother and for her, life alone would be preferable to marrying a mine worker—that is until the charming Neil Currie (Clive Russell) shows up. Against the wishes of her hard-bitten mother (Kate Nelligan) they marry, but before long financial woes lead to his doing what every other uneducated young man does in the town: take a job underground. His death in the mine, along with her younger brother, drives Margaret to a mental breakdown and in her surreal world she decides to create a special museum to the memories of all those who have died as a result of the horrific mining conditions.
The Prodigal Son	British	drama	A.E. Coleby	A marriage is arranged between Magnus Stephenson, son of the Governor of Iceland, and Thora Neilsen, daughter of the Factor; but the prospective bridegroom, discovering that Thora loves his brother, Oscar, an embryo musician, blackens his own name at the betrothal ceremony by declaring the marriage contract not good enough. Outcast his family for this apparent dishonour, paving the way for his brother to marry Thora. Troubles soon arise. Oscar becomes attracted to Helga, his wife's sister, who accompanies the newlywed couple on their honeymoon, and forges his father's name for a large sum of money to pay his gambling debts at the Casino. Helga's announcement to her sister before the birth of Thora's baby, that Oscar does not love his wife, brings on an illness with homicidal tendencies. Against the wishes of Magnus, who tries prevent it, the baby, Elin, is taken away from the mother, who struggles leave the house to bring it back and dies in the attempt. Oscar, overcome with remorse, places all his musical compositions on his wife's dead body to be buried with her.
Joseph	American	drama	Unknown	Joseph, a Hebrew, is an Egyptian slave to Potiphar, chief of Pharaoh's palace guard. When Joseph is placed under the charge of Ednan, Potiphar's overseer, Ednan torments Joseph for his refusal to show deference for the Egyptian god Amun. But Joseph eventually earns Ednan's respect when he reveals that he knows how to read, and Ednan starts relying more and more on Joseph. Joseph is eventually put in charge of Potiphar's home, but his wife begins to desire Joseph and repeatedly, but unsuccessfully, tries to seduce him. She ultimately becomes so angry at Joseph that she falsely accuses him of raping her and demands his execution. But Potiphar, knowing Joseph's trustworthiness—and his wife's infidelity—has his doubts. Potiphar speaks to Joseph in private and demands that Joseph give him some reason to trust him, and Joseph gives Potiphar his life's story from his youth: Joseph is a son of Jacob (aka Israel) and the first of two sons to his mother Rachel, who later died giving birth to his younger full-brother Benjamin. Joseph also had a half-sister, Dinah, and ten half-brothers, Six of which came through his step-mother and aunt Leah, Rachel's older sister. Jacob and his extended family make a pilgrimage to a fertile plane near the Hivite town of Shechem, where they are visited by the city's king, Hamor, along with his counselor and his son. While Jacob and Hamor make arrangements to pay taxes for the land, Hamor's son, also named Shechem, notices Dinah and takes a liking to her. Hamor invites Jacob and his family to come to a wedding celebration, and asks that Dinah accompany them. Simeon, one of Joseph's half-brothers, disliking the way Shechem looked at Dinah, suggests they resist Hamor by force, but Jacob rebukes him. The night of the wedding celebration, Shechem catches Dinah and rapes her. The next day Hamor and Shechem attempt to make amends by having Shechem marry Dinah. Jacob replies that Dinah can only marry a man who is of her faith. Hamor agrees that all the Shechemite men will convert to Jacob's faith via circumcision. While Jacob is satisfied, Simeon plots revenge against Shechem. While the Shechemites are recovering from their circumcisions, the brothers and other members of the tribe attack the fortified village, setting many of their buildings ablaze and killing many Shechemites including Shechem himself. Jacob is furious with his sons' ruthless actions and announces that now that they have become a stench to the people of the land, they must leave the area. During this ordeal of moving again, at Beth-El, Rachel gives birth to Benjamin, but dies soon afterward from exhaustion. Nine years later, Reuben, Joseph's oldest half-brother, desires Bilhah, one of Jacob's women. Zilpah, one of Leah's handmaids, sees the couple together and tells Jacob, who angrily declares to Reuben that authority over the family will fall to Joseph instead. This adds even more fuel to Reuben's (and the other brothers') jealous anger toward Joseph. For reasons such as these, Joseph has seen the destruction infidelity can bring, and would never do such a thing, he tells Potiphar. His story continues that while the brothers are out at work in the fields, they decide to kill and eat one of their own lambs, which is expressly forbidden by Jacob. They later try to tell Jacob that the lamb was killed by a wild animal; Jacob, a lifelong shepherd, is not fooled and he rebukes his sons for disobeying him. The brothers blame Joseph for Jacob's anger and accuse him of being a spy for Jacob. Jacob is so pleased with Joseph that he gives him a coat of many colors, which increases the jealousy among the brothers. Further exacerbating their hatred of Joseph is his frequent interpretations of his dreams that one day his brothers and his father will all kneel before him. Spurred on by Simeon, the brothers discuss killing Joseph, but Reuben doesn't want Joseph's blood on his hands. Instead, the brothers throw Joseph into a dry well pit, and then sell him into slavery to a group of Ishmaelite traders. Back at the encampment, the sons then show Jacob the coat (torn and bloodied by the brothers) and tell him that Joseph has been killed by a wild animal. Jacob is overcome with grief. After listening to Joseph's life story, Potiphar then demands to know exactly what happened between Joseph and his wife; after he tells Potiphar of his wife's attempts at seduction and his refusal to accede to her demands, Potiphar then calls in the household and announces that Joseph will go to Pharaoh's prison. When Potiphar's wife complains that he has humiliated her, Potiphar merely responds that one humiliation deserves another. Seven years later Joseph, now in charge of many of the prisoners, has earned a reputation as a talented interpreter of dreams. He makes two interpretations of the dreams of the Royal cupbearer and the Royal baker, both imprisoned on suspicion of theft. He says the cupbearer's dream means that he will soon be acquitted and returned to his post, whereas the baker's dream means that Pharaoh will have him executed. Both of these interpretations later come to pass just as Joseph prohpesied. Years later, Pharaoh himself has two disturbing dreams: The first involved seven fat cows being swallowed by seven sickly cows, the second dream is a similar one involving seven full ears of corn consumed by seven withered ears. When his vizier and his staff cannot give Pharaoh an answer, the cupbearer and Potiphar inform Pharaoh of Joseph, so Pharaoh summons him from prison. Joseph's interpretation is that the seven fat cows and the seven full ears of corn mean that there will be seven years of great plenty; the seven sickly cows and the seven thin ears of corn signify that seven years of extreme famine will follow, which could claim many lives. Calling Joseph's interpretations madness, but more offended that his dreams are being interpreted by a mere slave, Pharaoh orders Joseph thrown back in prison, but that night Pharaoh is again plagued by the same dreams. Now realizing the dreams are too important to ignore, Pharaoh again summons Joseph from prison and asks his advice about what can be done to avoid the deaths. Joseph suggests that Pharaoh should appoint a steward to have all the crop farmers give a fifth of their yield as tribute to Pharaoh for storage for the coming famine, something that has never before been attempted in Egypt. Impressed with Joseph's suggestion, Pharaoh decides that nobody else, including his own advisers, has the ability to carry out Joseph's plan, so Pharaoh appoints Joseph governor over all of Egypt, second only to Pharaoh himself. He then gives Joseph a new name: Zaphenath-Paneah (translated in the film as the savior), and also gives Joseph a wife, Asenath, confidant to Pharaoh's wife and daughter of the high priest of On. Potiphar, who now serves Joseph, gives Ednan into Joseph's charge as his assistant. After seven years of plenty, the famine begins just as Joseph predicted, by which time Asenath has given Joseph two sons, Manasseh and Ephraim. As bad as the famine is in Egypt, it is far worse in Canaan; when Jacob learns of the abundance of grain in Egypt, he sends all of his sons, except for Benjamin, to Egypt to buy grain. Joseph recognizes his brothers (though they don't recognize him), but when he notices they haven't changed in the years since they sold him into slavery, Joseph accuses them of espionage and orders them thrown into prison. Three days later Joseph gives them a chance to prove their innocence by bringing Benjamin with them on their next visit, but to ensure their return Joseph orders Simeon's retention and he is returned to confinement. Back in Canaan, Jacob refuses to accept the idea, as Benjamin is his only remaining connection to his late wife Rachel, whom Jacob loved more than Leah. But when their food is again on the verge of running out, Jacob is forced to admit there's no other choice and reluctantly allows Benjamin to accompany the others to Egypt. On their way back home the second time, Joseph's guards, led by Ednan, arrest Benjamin for theft (on Joseph's order, one of his silver cups was planted in Benjamin's grain sack). Joseph, still not recognized by his brothers, declares that Benjamin will stay in Egypt but the rest can return to Canaan. Simeon and several others overpower the guards by grabbing their spears and threaten Joseph, swearing that they would rather die than leave Benjamin behind and be subject to Jacob's wrath. Joseph confronts them about their willingness to put their lives on the line for another brother, but not for the first (meaning himself). After sending Ednan and the guards out of the room, Joseph tearfully reveals his true identity to all of them. Benjamin immediately embraces Joseph, but the others, overwhelmed by shock and shame, drop their spears. Joseph embraces each of them in turn, assuring them all of his love and forgiveness, especially Simeon, who remorsefully confesses that he is to blame for Joseph having been sold into slavery in the first place. As he embraces each of them, Joseph explains that God used his brothers' evil intentions for their ultimate good, preparing Joseph for his current position so that he can help and provide for his extended family. Joseph sends his brothers back to Canaan to bring Jacob and the entire settlement to Egypt where Joseph can provide for them during the remaining five years of the famine. Jacob and his extended family arrive in Egypt where he is emotionally reunited with Joseph and meets Manasseh and Ephraim for the first time.
Four Days	British	drama	John Guillermin	Businessman Francis Templar (Hugh McDermott) suspects his neglected wife Lucienne (Kathleen Byron) of having an affair with his business partner's son Johnny (Peter Reynolds). When the two of them confess, Templar refuses to give his wife a divorce and she retaliates by trying to poison him. Johnny however, intervenes, and manages to prevent the murder. During the next few days, Lucienne comes to realise she loves her husband after all; but Templar, believing his wife is about to leave him, attempts suicide by jumping off a cliff. He survives the fall, but loses all memory of the previous four days. Now an amnesiac, Templar is blissfully in love with his devoted wife. However, she fears their happiness is only temporary, and dreads the return of her husband's memory. To make matters worse, Johnny then reappears to blackmail Lucienne, threatening to reveal all to her husband.
Beyond My Reach	Australian	drama	Dan Burstall	Two Australian friends, a director and a writer, decide to seek their luck in Los Angeles.[3]
The Angry Silence	British	drama	Guy Green	The story is about working class factory worker Tom Curtis (Richard Attenborough) who refuses to take part in an unofficial strike organised by agent provocateur Travers (Alfred Burke). Curtis finds himself ostracised by the other workers and accused of being a scab. Curtis has two children and his wife, Anna (Pier Angeli) is pregnant. He faces a painful dilemma when choosing between doing what is morally right (and the choice of his fellow work colleagues) and what is bidden by the rules. He is not persuaded to participate in the strike by violence, as some of the other dissenters, but is given the silent treatment instead.[4]
Adam and Nicole	British	drama	Trevor Wrenn	When Old Man Barnard (Anthony Kenyon), a millionaire, is reported drowned at sea his gold digging sons Paul (Karl Lanchbury) and Martin (Chris Chittell) come looking for their inheritance. Arriving at the Barnard family estate they renew an old enemy in Adam (Michael Watkins), their father's butler. He tells them the Barnard mansion has to remain locked and bolted until the will is read, begrudgingly all three men and their girlfriends will have to stay in the neighbouring farmhouse over the weekend. Unbeknown to him Adam is Old Man Barnard's illegitimate son, a fact Paul and Martin are determined to keep from him. Secretly they fear the whole inheritance will go to Adam. With their privileged lifestyles hanging by a thread the Brothers Barnard decide to pursue Adam’s finance Nicole (Jenny Westbrook). Reasoning that she will know where Adam has hidden the keys to the mansion, so that they can break in and destroy evidence of Adam’s parentage.
The First Born	British	drama	Miles Mander	Would-be politician Sir Hugo Boycott (Mander) and his wife Madeleine (Carroll) have an unhappy marriage. Madeleine is aware that Hugo is a serial philanderer, and their problems are exacerbated when she fails to produce the heir he wants. After a particularly serious quarrel, Hugo storms off to North Africa and one of his mistresses. In his absence, Madeleine drifts around in London society where she is courted by Lord David Harbrough (John Loder). She rebuffs his advances, but finds him sympathetic as an individual and agrees that they should remain friends. Madeleine learns that her manicurist is expecting a baby and is in a desperate state as she is unmarried and facing shame, the loss of her job and destitution. Madeleine offers to adopt the baby when it is born, which the manicurist gladly accepts. Hugo later returns from Africa and is delighted with the new son and heir which he assumes is his. Relations between the couple improve for a time, and Madeleine gives birth to her own baby. Hugo makes progress in his political ambitions and is invited to stand for parliament in an upcoming General Election. His political associates and potential constituents are charmed by Madeleine. It has not taken long however for him to revert to his womanising ways, and he becomes involved with the devious Nina (Ella Atherton). As the election approaches, Hugo finds out that the older boy is adopted, not his own child. He and Madeleine have a furious argument and he leaves to stay with Nina. On election night he is in a state of tension. He now quarrels with Nina also, stomps out of her apartment in a temper, and in a moment of inattention steps into an empty liftshaft and falls to his death. After his death, Madeleine receives a letter from the manicurist who has met a man who is willing to take on her and her son, she also unknowingly reveals in an ironic twist that Hugo was actually Stephen's father. In the wake of Hugo's death and the new revelations, Madeleine resolves to rekindle her romance with Lord David in the hope that she can finally find happiness.
Samantha	American	drama	Stephen LaRocque	Samantha is a hugely talented violinist who discovers on her 21st birthday that she was left on the steps of her parents, Marilyn and Walter's home and subsequently adopted. She goes into a panic, asserting that everything she has believed herself to be is a lie. She abandons music just before her senior university recital. She moves in with childhood friend Henry. As she searches for her true identity she becomes oblivious to the inconvenience and suffering her search is causing the people she loves. Ultimately she locates her birth parents, Neil and Charlotte Otto, who are emotionally cold towards her but, who are professional concert musicians, a harpist and a flautist. She realizes that her gift of music came from within, but that despite no blood-connection, her family is truly her own.
Rabbit-Proof Fence	Australian	drama	Phillip Noyce	Set in 1931, two sisters, 14-year-old Molly and 8-year-old Daisy, and their 10-year-old cousin Gracie live in the Western Australian town of Jigalong. The town lies along the northern part of one of the fences making up Australia's rabbit-proof fence (called Number One Fence), which runs for over one thousand miles. Over a thousand miles away, the official Protector of Western Australian Aborigines, A. O. Neville (called Mr. Devil by them), signs an order to relocate the three girls to his re-education camp. The children are referred to by Neville as half-castes, because they have one white and one Aboriginal parent. Neville's reasoning is portrayed as: the Aboriginal people of Australia are a danger to themselves, and the half-castes must be bred out of existence. He plans to place the girls in a camp where they, along with all half-castes of that age range, both boys and girls, will grow up. They will then presumably become labourers and servants to white families, regarded as a good situation for them in life. Eventually if they marry, it will be to white people and thus the Aboriginal blood will diminish. As such, the three girls are forcibly taken from their families at Jigalong by a local constable, Riggs, and sent to the camp at the Moore River Native Settlement, in the south west, about 90 km (55 miles) north of Perth. During their time at the camp, Molly notices a rain cloud in the sky and infers that if she, Gracie and Daisy were to escape and go back to Jigalong on foot, the rain will cover their tracks, making them difficult to follow. Gracie and Daisy decide to go along with Molly and the three girls sneak off without being noticed and run away. On the same day, however, their absence is noted, and Aboriginal tracker, Moodoo, is called in to find them. However, the girls are well trained in disguising their tracks. They evade Moodoo several times, receiving aid from strangers in the harsh Australian country they travel. They eventually find the rabbit-proof fence, knowing they can follow it north to Jigalong. Neville soon figures out their strategy and sends Moodoo and Riggs after them. Although he is an experienced tracker, Moodoo is unable to find them. Neville spreads word that Gracie's mother is waiting for her in the town of Wiluna. The information finds its way to an Aboriginal traveller who helps the girls. He tells Gracie about her mother and says they can get to Wiluna by train, causing her to leave the other two girls in an attempt to catch a train to Wiluna. Molly and Daisy soon walk after her and find her at a train station. They are not reunited, however, as Riggs appears and Gracie is recaptured. The betrayal is revealed by Riggs, who tells the man he will receive a shilling for his help. Knowing they are powerless to aid her, Molly and Daisy continue their journey. In the end, after a nine-week journey through the harsh Australian outback, having walked the 2,400 km (1,500 miles) route along the fence, the two sisters return home and go into hiding in the desert with their mother and grandmother. Meanwhile, Neville realizes he can no longer afford the search for Molly and Daisy and decides to suspend the pursuit. The film's epilogue shows recent footage of Molly and Daisy. Molly explains that Gracie has died and she never returned to Jigalong. Molly also tells us of her own two daughters; she and they were taken from Jigalong back to Moore river. She managed to escape with one daughter, Annabelle, and once again, she walked the length of the fence back home. However, when Annabelle was 3 years old, she was taken away once more, and Molly never saw her again. In closing, Molly says that she and Daisy ... are never going back to that place.
The Surrogate	American	drama	Unknown	Amy Winslow (Alyssa Milano) is an art student majoring in painting, who is all by her own. Her mother died when she was a child and her father is not around. As a student she has financial problems, so she is surprised when the couple Joan and Stuart Quinn (Connie Sellecca and David Dukes) decide to take her in their house for a small amount of rent. Little does Amy know that Joan is following her every step through secret cameras, and that she has a hidden agenda for her. Initially, Amy is very content living with the Quinns, believing that she has found the family she has never had. When she loses the university's financial aide through an administration error, Joan immediately steps in to take care of her. They both drink a large amount of wine, and then Joan announces that because she is infertile, they are looking for a surrogate mother. She then tells Amy that they feel that she is the perfect candidate. Amy is flattered, and next day discusses the situation with her friendly teacher Eric Shaw (Vincent Ventresca). She then agrees when the Quinns propose to pay for her college fees if she helps them out. When Amy is a few months pregnant, Joan starts to show strange behavior. Amy feels smothered by Joan's overbearing attitude, feeling that she is being treated like a ten-year-old child. Her oil painting being taken away, Amy looks for it in the basement, only to find old baby clothes. Joan catches her, and becomes furious, scaring Amy away. She later tries to explain the situation by saying that she was pregnant four years ago, though had a miscarriage. Amy does not believe her story, though Eric - who was already 'warned' by Joan that Amy might act paranoid - tells her to focus on her painting, not on the Quinns. Later that day, a strange woman drops by to meet with Joan. Joan, who was not at home by the time, is convinced that the woman is Sandy Gilman (Polly Bergen), and meets with her the next day to tell her not to come at her house ever again. Amy overhears the conversation and is worried when they discuss rumor of Joan being responsible of their biological baby Christopher's death. She is further confused when Sandy reveals herself as Joan's mother. Amy next contacts Janice, who previously lived with the Quinns, and finds out that Joan did not have a miscarriage, and that police were involved when Christopher died. Eric, informed by Amy, tries to talk to Joan, but she threatens to ruin his career if he interferes. Meanwhile, Amy finds a video tape of Joan with Christopher, and grows convinced that Joan murdered her baby. Joan catches her watching the tape, and when Amy tries to get away, Joan accidentally shoves her off the stairs. Amy has to be rushed to the hospital, where she gives birth to a baby girl while unconscious. Joan takes the baby home, and tells Amy that she is not allowed in the home anymore. Amy then turns to the police, but they inform her that she can be arrested for breaking contract if she continues her quest to get the baby girl Christine back. Instead, Amy and Eric decide to dig into Joan's past and find out that Joan is using a false name. Joan fears that Amy will do anything to get Christine and tells Stuart they might have to 'take care' of her. When Amy is on her way to the police to inform them about the real Joan and Stuart Quinn, she is run over by Joan before she is able to arrive at the station. Now instead, they turn to the Quinns and kidnap Christine. The Quinns use the help of their guard (Roger R. Cross) to go after her, but Eric steps in-between them, and has to be hospitalized in order for Amy to get away. Amy changes her identity and appearance and goes into hiding and renames her baby Emily. A large police investigation is started, and Amy makes newspaper headlines with the kidnapping. She heads out to Sandy to find help, but the Quinns have already suspected that she might do that and are present as well when Amy arrives. Joan tells Amy that she will not press charges if she gives up Emily, though Stuart interrupts her and admits to the suspicion surrounding the couple about the murder of their infant. He offers to not press charges if she keeps their past a secret, and allows her to take the baby. Joan, infuriated, hits Stuart on the head with an object, takes Emily out off Amy's hands and runs off. Amy follows her and they end up on the edge of a cliff. There, Joan admits that she accidentally smothered Christopher to death when he was crying and reluctantly returns Emily to Amy. Sometime later, Amy is seen being the legal mother of Emily, and she is now in a loving relationship with Eric.
Journals of Musan, The !The Journals of Musan	South_Korean	drama	Unknown	The film's protagonist is a North Korean refugee named Seung-chul struggling to adjust to life in Seoul. He is sharing a small apartment with a fellow defector named Kyung-chul, a broker who helps refugees send remittances to their families in North Korea (later in the film he angers several of his friends by allegedly cheating them and stealing their money). While both face difficult circumstances in recovering from trauma and adjusting to a new life, Seong-chul and Kyung-chol react to their situations quite differently. Seong-chul is extremely shy and submissive to authority. Throughout the film he's portrayed as a diligent worker, doing thankless tasks and accepting criticism stoically. Kyung-chul, by contest, has few moral scruples, attempting to steal a pair of pants and taunting Seong-chul. At the start of the film Seung-chul has a job pasting advertisements for sex shops throughout his neighborhood; he is repeatedly beaten up by thugs. Seeking more stable employment he applies for other jobs but is rejected when employers see his citizen registration number, which marks him as a North Korean defector. Finally he gets a night job at a karaoke bar; the bar owner's daughter, it turns out, is a woman named Young-sook who he recognizes from church. However, she asks him to pretend not to know her at church, because she's ashamed of working at a karaoke bar and doesn't want members of her congregation to look down on her; Seung-chul agrees not to say anything. Later in the film, when there are no customers at the bar, some of the female employees hear him singing church hymns as he works; after laughing at him for being out of tune, they offer to teach him to sing. However, when Young-sook walks in, she is angry and demands an explanation, asking why he would sing church hymns with karaoke girls. He tells her he doesn't know any songs other than hymns- the implication is that he doesn't know South Korean pop songs and it would be frowned upon to sing North Korean songs. Not realizing he's a defector, she assumes he is lying, and fires him. The climax occurs at a prayer meeting which Seung-chul attends with Detective Park, the police officer assigned to help him adjust to life in South Korea. Up till now, viewers have known he is a defector only due to the numbers on his ID card; now they learn the details of his story. Born in Musan, in impoverished North Hamgyong province- he became severely malnourished and got in a fight with a friend over food. The next day he saw his friend lying on the ground, exactly where they had been fighting the day before; Seung-chul realized he was dead, and assumed the fight had killed him. He became wracked with guilt; the pastor assures him that God will forgive him. After the prayer meeting, however, Detective Park berates Seung-chul, asking why he told his story and saying Who would want to be friends with a killer? Seung-chul tells him he doesn't have any friends, and walks out of the church; as he's leaving, Young-sook, who was at the prayer meeting and heard his story, comes up to him and apologizes, explaining she had no idea he was a defector. She also offers him his job back at the karaoke bar and says she wants to be his friend; he walks away without answering. Returning to his apartment, he finds his dog, Baek-gu, missing; while he was gone, Kyung-chul had attempted to sell it, but was told no one would buy it because it was a half-breed; he then abandoned it in the middle of a busy street. Seung-chul goes to look for the dog and finds it eating out of a garbage bag. The next night, Kyung-chul apologizes- and asks Seong-chul to retrieve the money he's hidden in Baek-gu's doghouse, reassuring him that its honest money; he then reveals his plan to go to America. Seung-chul agrees to help him, but says their friendship is over and this will be my last favor. Entering his apartment that night, Seung-chul is assaulted and beaten by Kyung-chul's clients, who demand to know where he is so they can force him to pay them back. Seung-chul refuses to tell them. The next morning, he goes to church, where Young-sook invites him to join her in the choir; he agrees. That night, while working at the karaoke bar, he leaves his dog Baeuk-gu outside to wait, because his apartment is no longer safe; somehow Baek-gu gets off his leash, and during a break, Seong-chul finds his body in the street, run over by a car.[4]
Havana	American	drama	Sydney Pollack	The film is set on the eve of the Cuban Revolution's victory. On Christmas Eve, 1958, aboard the boat from Miami to Havana, Roberta Duran (Lena Olin) enlists the aid of Jack Weil (Robert Redford) in smuggling U.S. Army Signal Corps radios destined for the revolutionaries in the hills. Weil agrees only because he is romantically interested in her. When they rendezvous for the payoff, Roberta reveals that she is married, dashing Weil's hopes. In Havana, Weil meets up with a Cuban journalist acquaintance (Tony Plana) and during a night on the town, they run into Roberta and her husband, Dr. Arturo Duran. Duran (Raúl Juliá) is a Revolutionary leader. When Roberta points Weil out to him, Duran invites Weil to join them for dinner and asks Weil for further aid to the cause. Weil turns him down, even after Duran outlines the desperate situation confronting the Cuban majority. The next morning, after a night of debauchery for Weil but one of police arrests for the revolutionaries, Weil reads a newspaper account of Duran's arrest and death. In shock, he continues with the planned poker game, coincidentally meeting the head of the secret police. He learns that Roberta was also arrested and tortured in custody. He pressures another player in debt to him to obtain her release. Shaken by her husband's death and her own experience in jail, she agrees to let him shelter her in his apartment but disappears that afternoon. Realizing that he is in love with Roberta and encouraged by an old gambling friend, Weil drives into Cuba's interior to find her at Duran's old estate. He persuades her to return with him to Havana and to leave Cuba with him. When she asks, he explains that a lump on his arm contains a diamond that he had sewn into his arm in his youth as insurance. He makes arrangements for her to leave Cuba via boat, but on his return to the apartment, he is assaulted by two Cubans, who inform him that Duran demands for him to get Roberta out of the country. Weil has an acquaintance from CIA, Marion Chigwell (Daniel Davis), confirms that Duran is still alive. He intimidates Chigwell to work with him toward freeing Duran. Pretending to work for the CIA, Weil goes to see Duran, who is held by the chief of the secret police (SIM). He tells the chief that Washington, DC, has new plans for Duran and wants him released, with a payoff of $50,000. He orders the chief to have Duran cleaned up and dressed (Duran had been tortured and was in extremely bad shape) and taken to his house. Weil goes to a doctor and then a jeweler to sell the diamond to raise the cash for Duran's release. Back at his apartment, he informs Roberta, who had decided to make a life with him, of her husband being still alive. In shock, she leaves on her own to find her husband. Meanwhile, Weil had blown the big game with high rollers, for whom he had been angling since the day he arrived in Havana. The casino's manager, Joe Volpi (Alan Arkin), forgives him, knowing he had made rescuing Roberta his priority. At New Year's Eve, 1959, the insurrection is won by the revolutionaries. The upper class, the government and the secret police all leave their lavish parties to make a mad dash to the ports and airport to leave the country. The people pour into the streets, celebrating the victory by trashing the casinos and dancing. Weil and Volpi agree that it is time for them to leave. The next morning, Weil is in a restaurant preparing to depart. He sees Chigwell who informs him that he is working on a new book now, The Cuisine of Indochina. Not long after, Roberta shows up to wish him farewell. She sees the bandage on his arm and discovers it had cost him to save her husband for her. They hug goodbye. She remains with the Revolution, and he has been changed by it. Four years later in 1963, Jack drives down to the Florida Keys and gazes across the sea toward Havana, hoping to see a boat that might bring Roberta on board. He knows the ferry is no longer running. However, he does this every year in the hopes he may someday see Roberta again. He also realizes that the changes in Cuba were being echoed in the changes of the 1960s happening in the United States. It is a new decade.
The Color of Time	American	drama	Various	The different parts of Pulitzer Prize winner C.K. Williams' life told through his poems. Flashbacks of his childhood, his teens, college years, to when he meets and marries his wife, Catherine (Kunis) and the birth of his children and parenthood. The film is narrated by different versions of Williams (Franco, Hopper, March, Unger), depicting the different aspects of Williams through the years.[1]
Zee and Co.	British	drama	Brian G. Hutton	Zee Blakely (Elizabeth Taylor) is a loud, coarse, forty-something socialite, whose marriage to her architect husband Robert (Michael Caine) is on the rocks, as witnessed by their frequent verbal sparring matches. Sick of Zee's antics, Robert is drawn to quiet boutique owner Stella (Susannah York) who is the complete antithesis to Zee in terms of personality. Feeling bored and rejected, Zee attempts a number of methods to regain Robert's sympathy, such as attempting suicide, but these do not work. Zee discovers that Stella had a lesbian affair in the past, and uses this against both her, and Robert, to dare him to partake in a love triangle with Stella.
Two a Penny	British	drama	James F. Collier	Jamie Hopkins (Cliff Richard), an art student and frustrated pop star lives with his mother (Dora Bryan), who works as a receptionist for Dr. Berman (Donald Bisset), a psychiatrist who is experimenting with psychedelic drugs. Jamie wants to make money quickly, and begins to work at the doctor's office as a pretence in order to steal drugs. When his girlfriend Carol (Ann Holloway) is converted to Christianity when attending a crusade led by evangelist Billy Graham, she attempts to show him the error of his ways. Soon after, Jamie is caught stealing from Dr. Berman's drug supply, and attempting to double-cross drug dealer Alec Fitch (Geoffrey Bayldon). Initially hostile toward his girlfriend's newfound faith, Jamie eventually accepts it.
The Sun Also Rises	Chinese	drama	Jiang Wen	The movie details four interconnected stories. In the first story, madness and mischief as a single mother (Zhou Yun) drives her devoted son (Jaycee Chan) to distraction with her daredevil antics in pursuit of tranquility. The agile mom climbs tall trees and stands perilously astride a small earthen raft on the river. She treasures a beautiful pair of slippers that she is forever losing, and the son fears that, one day, the footwear will remain while his mother disappears. In the second story, on a college campus, two old friends find their friendship tested by rivalry over a woman. Doctor Lin (Joan Chen) is the mistress of Old Tang (Jiang Wen), but she finds herself drawn to teacher Liang (Anthony Wong), who is catnip to beautiful women. When Liang is accused of groping women at a campus gathering, Lin offers her rear end behind a curtain to determine whose was the guilty hand. Old Tang, who is a hunter, has a young wife (Kong Wei) who begins a relationship with the madwoman's son. One day, Tang overhears their noises of passion and his wife whispering that her husband says her belly is like velvet. He determines to shoot the young man but is given pause when the boy asks him, What is velvet? The final episode involves all the characters in a dreamlike sequence that brings their lives full circle.
Together Alone	American	drama	P.J. Castellaneta	Bryan meets a man called Bill in a bar. They go back to Bryan's home and have unprotected sex. Later, they wake up and talk. Bryan discovers that Bill's real name is Brian, and that he is bisexual. They spend hours talking, covering topics including AIDS, sexuality, feminism, role-play and Emily Dickinson.[1]
Tween Academy: Class of 2012	Filipino	drama	Mark Reyes	Kara (Barbie Forteza), George (Bea Binene), and Enzo (Elmo Magalona) are 3 best friends who have been constantly bullied at school and nicknamed the Imba Trio. On the night of the school dance Enzo gets carried out of the dance by Maximo (Derick Monasterio) and his crew because he accidentally bumped into Chloe (Lexi Fernandez) while dancing and ripped her dress. And while Kara and George try to help him they also get dumped in the trash along with Enzo and are helped by Christian (Alden Richards) and Diego (Kristofer Martin). After the prom the 3 decide to make a list to do that helps them become popular so they won't get bullied and pranked on anymore by the date of the prom, and they make the list a dare. The next day at school Enzo learns that he has to retake a class again. And after trying to go to the bathroom he is stopped by the janitor who is still cleaning the bathroom. So Enzo decides to use the women's restroom hoping no one will notice. But he bumps into a hot chick Maddie (Sam Pinto), and develops a crush on her. Meanwhile, George finds out her bestfriend, Jepoy (Jake Vargas) is back in town. And Kara is at a comic convention where she tires to help Robin (Joshua Dionisio) when his backpack gets snatched, and unknowingly sells him the #1 issue of Metal Man online. Later that night, Enzo helps Maddie get her car out of a tight parking space and locks himself out of his car. Kara later becomes friends with Robin online without knowing his true identity. George later hangs out with Jepoy who sings his new song for her and starts to think he has a crush on her and she starts to develop a crush on him. Total box office hit with 349.436.590php
A Kind of Loving	British	drama	John Schlesinger	Victor 'Vic' Brown (Bates) is a draughtsman in a Manchester factory who sleeps with a typist called Ingrid Rothwell (Ritchie) who also works there. She falls for him but he is less enamoured of her. When he learns he has made her pregnant Vic proposes marriage and the couple move in with Ingrid's domineering mother, Mrs Rothwell (Thora Hird), who disapproves of the match. Ingrid has a miscarriage, Vic has regrets and comes home drunk. The couple then consider the possibility of making do with 'a kind of loving'.
Eyes of an Angel	American	drama	Robert Harmon	Partygoers gather at a mansion. A man named Bobby also enters the party. A man tries to make him leave, but Bobby claims to have an appointment with Cissy. When Cissy shows up, Bobby says he has a business opportunity for him, a dry cleaning store. Bobby notices a station wagon entering the garage. In the garage, the man in the station wagon opens the back to reveal a Doberman Pinscher, muzzled, in a small metal cage. Back at the party, Bobby snacks until Cissy comes to visit. Bobby tries again to get him to consider the business, but Cissy only asks if he is drinking, which Bobby denies. Cissy leads him downstairs where the other party goers are gathering. A white pit bull is on one side being held by a man, while the Doberman's cage is on the other. Cissy begins the dogfight and the dogs clash. The Doberman is seriously wounded during the fight and is, later that night, thrown into the river by his owner. The next morning, Baby takes money from an envelope hidden in the headboard of a bed, and buys a cigarette lighter, which she has giftwrapped. Back at the house she decorates a misshapen cake with M&M's. Bobby discovers the missing money, and yells at her for stealing the money. They arrive home to find Cissy and some of his goons waiting in their apartment. Bobby complains about Cissy breaking in, but Cissy says he got a key from his sister. Cissy tells him to come by and he might have something for him. Baby finds the Doberman, shivering and whimpering in pain. She cares for him as best she can, and he follows her home, and from there into a subway station, where he is captured by animal control employees. Baby finds where the dog was taken. Baby distracts the worker by dropping some money, and quietly lifts the latch on the kennel, then leaves. That night, the dog escapes the pound and finds his way back to Baby. In the morning, Bobby recognizes it as the fighting dog he saw at Cissy's and demands she gets rid it. He goes to Cissy, where he is offered a job doing pickups with car included. Bobby accepts. Cissy seems to blame Bobby for his sister's death. Baby returns the dog to where she found it, but it gets back to the apartment before she does. Bobby goes out to do his pick ups. At Cissy's place, Cissy complains that Bobby has been on time all day and even refused a drink. Cissy thinks Baby is too much for Bobby to raise and sends two of his goons to go pick up Bobby. Bobby asks what's going on and they pretend to check the receipts. They take him out to a remote bridge area, accuse him of being short, and drag him out of the car where the proceed to beat him. Bobby manages to fight them off. Bobby gets to a phone and calls Baby. He tells her they are taking a trip and to pack a bag very quickly, then meet him at the steps of the park. She comes, with the dog. Bobby hustles her into the car with the bag, but refuses to allow her to bring the dog. She refuses to come, and he relents but abandons the dog in a junkyard. At a truck stop, Bobby explains that they are going to Los Angeles and lies and says that Cissy loaned it to him for the trip. As they leave, the girl drops her glove in the parking lot. Back in Chicago, Cissy and his men are tearing up Bobby's apartment where they find a letter from Bobby's brother. Late that night, the dog arrives at the truck stop and finds the girl's glove. While filling up the gas tank, Bobby asks if he should call George. The girl says he should. While he makes the call, the girl goes to the side of the gas station and leaves a sock on the road. On the phone, Bobby tells George he'll be in L.A. that he'll be there in the morning and gets an invitation to come over. Bobby sees Baby putting the sock on the road and tries to take it back. Bobby helps her by putting rocks on it to keep the wind from blowing it. As they head back to the car, Bobby mentions that L.A. has good schools. The dog continues to follow. Bobby and Baby arrive at George's house where they are greeted warmly. Bobby tells him that he plans to live there and get a job. The dog stops in the barn of a small ranch, where the owner and its dog find him. The man notices the dog's nails are worn down almost to his paws, so he treats them while his dog warms up the Doberman. The next morning, the dog sets off again, arriving in Los Angeles the next morning. George tells Bobby he has a contractor friend who might have a job for Bobby. Bobby and George end up in another argument which ends when George leave Bobby on the side of a freeway. When he gets back to the house, Bobby barks at the girl to get her things because they are leaving. They drive to a motel, but someone steals their car, along with the money. As George and his family eat dinner, Cissy's two goons show up asking where Bobby is. George tells him he doesn't know where Bobby is, so Cissy leaves his number and tells him to call if Bobby contacts him. Cissy tells him they just want the money and reminds him that they know where George lives. The girl suggests going back to George, but Bobby refuses. Bobby tells her he's going to take her to George's and leave her there while he gets himself together. He calls George, and apologizes about the fight, confused about why George is so mad. After George explains, Bobby hangs up to realize the girl has left. He searches for her, even calling George again. The dog arrives at the same bridge the girl stood on a few nights ago, and picks up her scent. He follows it through the city, but finds a crying, drunken Bobby instead. The dog leads him to the girl back at the bridge where she ecstatically greets the dog. Bobby, still crying, hugs her and apologizes. They go back to George's where the brothers hug. While the girl plays outside, Bobby explains everything to George. Cissy's goons beat Bobby up badly. Cissy offers Baby anything she wants if she goes back to Chicago. She goes over to Bobby in answer. As Cissy goes to leave the room, Cissy is confronted by the dog. Cissy doesn't believe it's the same dog that lost the fight, but when the girl says the dog followed them from Chicago, he decides that he wants the dog to fight again. Cissy tells Bobby it's his chance to get out of the situation in one piece. Baby treats Bobby's wounds while the dog looks on. While Bobby sleeps, Cissy is on the phone ordering a dog to fight the Doberman. Back at the bridge, Baby is crying over the Doberman, where Bobby finds her. She tells him she's worried and that she loves him. Bobby tells her he has a plan and reminds her of what she used to do when she was little and he and Brenda were fighting. The next day they take the dog to the location for the fight. Bobby leaves Baby outside and tells her he loves her, and tells her to remember when the bell rings. The Doberman is pitted against a huge mastiff-looking dog. When the bell rings, the girl runs in crying Bobby's name. The crowd's cheers die down and she begs Bobby to make them stop hurting her dog. They stop the fight and break up the dog, and the Doberman runs over to the girl. As the crowd quietly stares at Cissy, Bobby walks across the ring and knocks Cissy into the ring, where the Doberman attacks him. It rips his coat and pants before getting hold of Cissy's neck. Bobby stands over Cissy and tells him it's over. When Cissy agrees, the dog lets go. Bobby and Baby leave with the dog as Cissy's goons help him up.
The Remains of the Day	American	drama	James Ivory	The Remains of the Day tells, in the first person, the story of Stevens, an English butler who has dedicated his life to the loyal service of Lord Darlington (described in increasing detail in flashbacks). The novel begins with Stevens receiving a letter from a former colleague, the housekeeper Miss Kenton, describing her married life, which he believes hints at an unhappy marriage. Stevens' receipt of the letter coincides with his opportunity to revisit this once-cherished relationship, if only under the guise of investigating the possibility of her re-employment. Stevens' new employer, a wealthy American named Mr. Farraday, encourages Stevens to borrow his car to take a well-earned break, a motoring trip, and Stevens takes the opportunity to arrange to meet with Miss Kenton, now Mrs. Benn, in Cornwall, where she now lives. As he sets out, Stevens has the opportunity to reflect on his unshakable loyalty to Lord Darlington, who had hosted lavish meetings between German sympathizers and English aristocrats in an effort to influence international affairs in the years leading up to World War II; on the meaning of the term dignity and what constitutes a great butler; and even on his relationship with his late father, another no-nonsense man who dedicated his life to service. Ultimately, Stevens is forced to ponder Lord Darlington's character and reputation, as well as the true nature of his relationship with Miss Kenton. As the book progresses, increasing evidence of Miss Kenton's and Stevens' past mutual attraction and affection is revealed. As they worked together during the years leading up to the Second World War, Stevens and Miss Kenton failed to admit their true feelings towards each other. All of their recollected conversations showed a professional friendship which, at times, came close to crossing the line into romance, but never dared to do so. Stevens in particular never yielded, even when Miss Kenton tried to draw closer to him. When they finally meet again, Mrs. Benn, now married for over twenty years, admits to wondering if she made a mistake in marrying, but says she has come to love her husband and is looking forward to the birth of their first grandchild. Stevens later muses over lost opportunities, both with Miss Kenton and regarding his decades of selfless service to Lord Darlington, who may not have been worthy of his unquestioning loyalty. At the end of the novel, Stevens instead focuses on the remains of [his] day, referring to his future service with Mr. Farraday and what is left of his own life.
Drifters	Chinese	drama	Wang Xiaoshuai	Hong Yunsheng is a jobless wanderer in Fujian. Attempting to find a better life in the United States, he enters the country as an undocumented worker. While there, however, his American dream quickly falls apart when he and his boss's daughter have a child. He was then told not to visit his son and he is made to sign a paper which is like a contract. He violates that by continuing to visit his son. Enraged, Hong's boss informs the INS and has him deported back to Fujian. Back home, Hong again takes up his old habits, wandering around the town, unemployed and listless. At the same time, he attempts to find romance with a traveling opera performer, Wu Ruifang. Eventually he hears that the child he fathered in the United States is coming to Fujian. Desiring to see the child he has never known, Hong and his boss argue until eventually Hong takes desperate measures and kidnaps the boy.
Valmont	American	drama	Miloš Forman	In the 18th century, the Marquise de Merteuil (Annette Bening), a beautiful wealthy widow, learns from her cousin Madame de Volanges (Siân Phillips) that Volanges' 15-year-old daughter Cécile (Fairuza Balk) has been betrothed to a middle-age man named Gercourt (Jeffrey Jones)—Merteuil's own secret lover. Volanges confides in Merteuil that the arranged marriage required that Cécile be raised in a convent to ensure her chastity. Unaware that Merteuil is Gercourt's paramour, Volanges reveals that according to Gercourt, he is having trouble breaking off relations with his former mistress who is mentally unbalanced. Angered over the loss of her lover and his slight of her character, Merteuil devises a devious plan of revenge. She approaches her former lover, the Vicomte de Valmont (Colin Firth), and proposes that he seduce the virgin Cécile prior to her wedding night when Gercourt will learn he was not the first to arrive. Valmont declines Merteuil's request. He is more interested in pursuing Madame de Tourvel (Meg Tilly), a beautiful married woman staying at his aunt's estate. When the subject of infidelity is introduced, Tourvel insists she would never be unfaithful to her husband who is in Rouen on business. Merteuil later mocks Valmont for his futile desire for Tourvel and makes him a wager: if Valmont succeeds in bedding Madame de Tourvel, he may also bed Merteuil; if he fails, he must consign himself to a monastery. After learning that Cécile's music teacher, Danceny (Henry Thomas), has been writing love letters to Cécile, Merteuil gains the confidence of the young girl who confesses she loves Danceny. Merteuil then convinces her cousin to allow Cécile to join her in the country while helping Cécile write secret love letters to Danceny. Soon after, Merteuil and Cécile join Valmont at his aunt's country estate where Valmont flirts playfully with the innocent young girl. When Merteuil suggests that Valmont help Cécile write a love letter to Danceny, Valmont agrees and ends up taking Cécile's virginity. When Cécile confides in Merteuil about her experience with Valmont, Merteuil encourages the girl to marry Gercourt and keep Danceny as her lover. Meanwhile, Valmont is unsuccessful in his numerous attempts at wooing Tourvel, who has been warned of his sexual scheming and debauchery. When Tourvel feels her defenses weakening and her attraction to Valmont growing, she flees to the city to get away from the temptation. After learning of her departure, Valmont rides to her residence and is there when she arrives. Surprised by Valmont's romantic actions and unable to resist her feelings for him, Tourvel finally returns his affections and they make love. In the morning, Tourvel says she has written her husband about her new love. She then leaves for the market to prepare a meal for her lover, but when she returns Valmont is gone. Soon after, Valmont arrives at Merteuil's residence to collect his prize from her. When Merteuil initially refuses to honor her wager, and then offers herself in the wrong way, Valmont leaves in anger. He goes to Cécile and convinces her to write Danceny a letter explaining that Merteuil encouraged her to marry Gercourt and keep Danceny as her lover. Tourvel later comes to Valmont and spends the night, leaving before he wakes the next morning. Later, when Danceny reads Cécile's letter, he visits Merteuil and threatens her, demanding she send a letter to Cécile recommending that she call off her marriage. When Valmont arrives, he discovers that Merteuil has already seduced Danceny and revealed that Valmont took Cécile's virginity. The next day, Danceny challenges Valmont to a duel set in the morning. That evening, Valmont prepares for the duel by drinking himself into a drunken stupor. The next morning, Valmont arrives at the duel hung over and Danceny refuses to duel him in his condition. Refusing to apologize to Danceny for his actions, he charges toward the young man with his sword drawn and is slain after a brief exchange. At the funeral, Cécile reveals to Valmont's aunt that she believes she is carrying her (the aunt's) dead nephew's child. The elderly aunt is overjoyed by the news. Cécile and Gercourt are soon married in a grand ceremony in the presence of the king, with Merteuil looking on—alone. Sometime later, Madame de Tourvel visits the country estate and lovingly places a single flower on Valmont's grave.
Monchora	Bengali	drama	Sandip Ray	Based on a story by the famous author Sharadindu Bandyopadhyay, Monchora brings Abir Chatterjee and Raima Sen together. It’s a romantic drama with colourful characters. A simple tale with excellent moments, a hint of mystery and an undercurrent of humour the film also has an element of thrill. The film revolves around the story of a thief played by Abir Chatterjee. The story revolves around a family heirloom. A precious red ruby which is worshipped by the family as there god the 'Surjo moni'. The family comprises an elderly man Mr. Choudhury who has an interest at astrology his grandson Manmatha a reckless life leading bachelor who has an alleged affair with a con woman Lily. He comes late at night though his grandfather resents it. However the servant Shebak and Manmatha's sister Nanda save him every time. One night while waiting for Manmatha Shebak sees a thief in black clothes who flees the very moment. Soon there is a chaos as to where the thief went but after assuring that nothing has gone missing they go back to there rooms. However Nanda is shocked to see the thief in her room. He calms he and says that he was hungry and that no one gave him job as a result he has to make a living through this. Nanda convinces him to change his path and come back and meet him next day and plans for him to get the job of her grandfather's secretary. He comes the next morning and somehow manages to get the job. Slowly impressing Mr. Choudhury and engaging romantically with Nanda he comes to know about the Surjo moni. However Nanda keeps warning him to keep his hands off that thing. In the meanwhile Mr. Choudhury gifts Nanda a golden necklace and in a fit of impressing Lily Manmatha steals it and gives it to her . When Nanda can't find it she unintentionally accuses Dibakar of the theft. Dibakar assures her that he will bring it back and keeps his word. After bringing back the necklace he warns Manmatha of Lily's image but he despises him but Nanda hears everything and apologises to Dibakar.Mr. Choudhury slowly becomes secured about Dibakar's presence and wants Nanda to continue her feelings for Dibakar. Mr Chowdhury predicts that Nanda has no chance of getting married for the next 3 years. One day, coming back from shopping, Nanda overhears a police saying to her grandfather that the thief who entered their house was a clever one and has been in this track for a long time and that he works solo. Again the needle of questions pointed towards Dibakar and Nanda confronts him to which he says that he was addicted to stealing and started it at a very young age and that night he came for the sunstone but then he got attached to the family and specially to Nanda. After that we see that Lily persuades Manmatha to bring the sunstone to her and that they would run away. Somehow learns of Lily's intentions and follows Manmatha to her place. When Manmatha reaches Lily's place he sees that they are there are two people already there they knock him down and take the sunstone. Just in time Dibakar enters the house and seize Lily and her group. He calls Nanda and asks him to come there with her grandfather . In the meanwhile he asks Manmatha to play the hero and pretends to be in Lily's group when police comes there sees him and arrests him also however Mr. Choudury is not ready to believe that he is a thief. The next morning its shown that Manmatha and Nanda rekindle there relation. They go out to meet the B Dibakar and it is shown that Mr Chowdhury is reading the newspaper out loud he reads that Dibakar who was arrested last night will be in jail for 3 years ask where they are going and they say that they are going to meet a special friend to which the grandfather response that they should tell that special friend that Nanda will get married after 3 years implying that Nanda will marry him.
Naiyya	Bollywood	drama	Prashanta Nanda	Lakhipur is a small community along the river banks of the holy river Ganges, where Sonu lives with his ailing mother. One day he rescues a woman named Geeta and brings her home with him. He and his mom look after her while she recuperates and find out that she comes from a wealthy family. When she gets better, he takes her home, only to find out that she is no longer welcome there by her paternal uncle and his wife, Ramkali, leaving him with no alternative but to take her home with him. His mom would like Geeta to get married to Sonu, but before she could arrange this, she passes away, leaving Sonu and Geeta to live together - and being shunned by the entire community - who would like Geeta to leave. Sonu then starts to find a suitable groom for her, and does find one when a doctor comes to their community to treat victims of plague, the doctor agrees to marry Geeta, but on the day of the marriage does not show up. A distraught Sonu must now find out why the doctor did not fulfill his promise - in the midst of the community threatening to boycott him and possibly burning his brand new boat. (Courtesy: IMDB) The film also has a very melodious song O Goriya Re,[2] sung by Yesudas, with music composed by Ravindra Jain.
Tansy	British	drama	Cecil Hepworth	George Firle (Rolf Leslie) is a shepherd, helped in his work by daughter Tansy (Taylor) who has learned shepherding skills from her father. One evening Tansy slips out of the house after her father has gone to the pub to meet up with farm labourer Clem (Ames). George returns, finds Tansy absent and goes to look for her. He finds her in Clem's caravan, trying to fight off unwanted advances, and rescues her. The owner of the farm hears about the incident and assumes that it shows Tansy's immorality and that she must have been leading Clem on to end up in such a compromising situation. He orders George and Tansy to leave the farm. George and Tansy set out on foot for the nearest town. On the journey, George collapses. Local farmer's son Joad Wilverley (Carew) comes across the stricken pair while driving by and offers his help. Arriving at the Wilverley farm, they discover that George has died. The Wilverleys offer shelter to the distraught Tansy, and later she overhears Joad talking with his younger brother Will (Hugh Clifton) about their need for a shepherd. Tansy offers her services, initially to the brothers' amusement, but she proves her worth by expertly rounding up a flock of sheep and is given the job. Tansy's skills give the farm one of its best ever lambing seasons. Meanwhile both brothers have fallen in love with her and begin to realise that they are rivals. Joad, as the elder brother, believes he should have first claim; however Tansy is more drawn to Will, and allows him to kiss her while they are walking together. The fraternal rivalry intensifies and Joad attempts to win over Tansy by buying her expensive gifts. Will finally offers to marry Tansy and she accepts the proposal. Will goes to break the news to Joad, who responds by provoking a fight during which he badly beats his brother. At the same time Clem appears back on the scene and again tries to force himself on Tansy. She manages to break free and flees in panic to the Wilverley house. However Joad has been stricken with remorse for his treatment of Will and orders Tansy to leave, saying she has been the cause of all the trouble between the two. After Tansy has departed, a Wilverley servant tells Joad that Tansy has always loved Will and he must tell Will to go after her. Joad realises the truth that Will and Tansy should be free to marry. He sends Will off in pursuit. Clem has once again caught up with Tansy and is trying to accost her when Will catches up with them and deals appropriately with him. Will and Tansy embrace.
Libel	British	drama	Anthony Asquith	While traveling in London, Jeffrey Buckenham (Paul Massie), a World War II pilot veteran from Canada, sees Baronet Sir Mark Sebastian Loddon (Dirk Bogarde) on television, leading a tour of his ancestral home in England. Buckenham recalls that he was held in a POW camp in Germany with then Major Loddon, who the Germans captured during the Dunkirk evacuation of 1940. Buckenham is convinced that Loddon is Frank Wellney, a British actor (also played by Bogarde). Wellney and Loddon shared their POW hut in 1945 and bore uncanny resemblances to each other. Buckenham confronts Loddon and, with encouragement from Loddon's scheming cousin (Captain Gerald Loddon, played by Anthony Dawson), writes to a tabloid newspaper, claiming Wellney has usurped the young baronet's seat; that Mark Loddon is a Bogus Baronet. Loddon sues Buckenham and the newspaper for libel, even though his mind is battered by experiences during his 1945 escape, after which he spent six months in hospital, from when he has little memory. During the libel trial, Buckenham and Loddon tell their versions of wartime imprisonment and their escape. Buckenham liked Loddon and despised Wellney. Beckenham saw striking similarities between Loddon and Wellney, culminating in Wellney telling Loddon he felt more like one of the [Loddon] family. In spring 1945, the three prisoners escaped their POW camp and headed towards the Dutch border, seeking advancing Allied forces. Loddon wore his British Army uniform and Wellney disguised himself in civilian clothes. One dark and misty night, having gone without food for days, Buckenham left Loddon and Wellney alone to steal food from a farm. As Buckenham returned he heard shots. In the mist he witnessed one man in British Army Battle Dress lying on the ground, apparently dead, and the other, in civilian clothes, running away. Although Buckenham was unable to get closer because German soldiers appeared the implication is Wellney fleeing the scene of Loddon's murder. During the trial it emerges Loddon is missing part of his right index finger, just like Wellney. Although Loddon claims this happened when he was shot that night, Loddon allegedly also misses a childhood scar from his leg. Wellney's hair was prematurely grey, as is Loddon's now. Buckenham recounts how Wellney often asked Loddon about his personal life during their imprisonment; Loddon even joked that Wellney could pass for him. As evidence mounts, even Loddon's loyal wife (Olivia de Havilland) begins to doubt her husband's identity. Hubert Foxley (Hyde-White), the defence barrister, produces a courtroom surprise. It turns out the third man in the British Army uniform seen by Buckenham did not die. Instead his face was horribly disfigured, his right arm was amputated due to injuries that night and his mind had become unhinged. He has been living in a German asylum since the war, known simply as Number Fifteen, his bed number. Foxley produces the man in court, including the Battle Dress worn when he arrived at the German hospital, which is of a British major, the same rank as Loddon. When the disfigured man and Loddon recognise each other, in a dramatic courtroom confrontation, Loddon's memory starts to return. In desperation, Loddon's barrister, Sir Wilfred (Robert Morley), puts Lady Margaret Loddon on the stand, but she testifies that she now believes her husband is Wellney, the impostor, implying that Number Fifteen is the real Sir Mark Loddon. Later, Lady Margaret confronts her husband, who in desperation walks the night trying to remember more. Finally, seeing his reflection in a canal unlocks his memories. Wellney did try to kill him while his back was turned, but he (Loddon) saw Wellney's reflection in the water and won their struggle. His memory returns of beating Wellney extensively with a farm tool before switching their clothes and fleeing. In court, Loddon remembers a keepsake hidden in his Battle Dress lining: a medallion his then fiancée gave him in 1939 before leaving for France. By finding it, ironically in Wellney's possession all the time, Loddon wins the libel case and his wife back. Buckenham and Loddon also reconcile although Buckenham must pay damages.
Far East	Australian	drama	John Duigan	Journalist Peter Reeves (John Bell) takes his wife Jo (Helen Morse) to the Far East. There they meet Morgan Keefe (Bryan Brown), an ex-pat Aussie who owns a sleazy bar/nightspot called The Koala Klub. After renewing their romance, Jo seeks Morgan's help when her husband is persecuted by the military regime for his investigations.
Three Dollars	Australian	drama	Robert Connolly	The film and book tell the story of Eddie (David Wenham), a principled man with a seemingly stable and happy life. He has a wife, the academic Tanya (Frances O'Connor), a daughter, Abby (Joanna Hunt-Prokhovnik), is paying off a house and has a job as a government land assessor. Yet when the forces of economic and social change threaten this, he realises just how fragile his reality and security is. After losing his job, he checks his bank balance and realises he has only the 'three dollars' of the title to his name. Eddie's life also becomes entwined with that of childhood friend Amanda (Sarah Wynter), whom he unfailingly runs into every nine-and-a-half years, and every time he has just three dollars. The novel and film are set largely in Melbourne, at a time when the policies of economic liberalisation were gaining credence in Australian politics and were arguably affecting many lives similarly to Eddie and Tanya. They explore the choices we make between what we have and what might be.
Bitter Harvest	British	drama	Peter Graham Scott	A beautiful but intoxicated woman, Jennie Jones (Janet Munro), returns to her London apartment late one night and begins to destroy its contents in a rage, throwing her purse, keys and many of her expensive gowns out into the street. Her story is then told in flashback. As a young girl, Jennie lives in an economically depressed, former mining town in Wales, where she works in her father's shabby general store and dreams of a more glamorous life. The store is doing poorly, and Jennie is horrified to discover that her father wants her to move to Cardiff and live with her elderly aunts as a companion and caregiver. While walking through Cardiff, Jennie and her friend Violet meet two well-off older men, Andy and Rex. The men take the girls to a posh bar and club for drinks and dancing, and Jennie gets drunk and passes out in Andy's car. She wakes up naked in bed in the men's apartment in London, having lost her virginity while drunk, and estranged herself from her father by staying out all night. She goes to meet Andy at a London pub, but when he fails to show, she is befriended by the kindly barman, Bob Williams (John Stride), to the chagrin of the barmaid Ella who is attracted to Bob. Not wanting to return to her home, Jennie tells Bob she is pregnant and accepts his offer of help. Bob moves her into his flat and supports them both on his wages, planning to soon marry her. However, Jennie quickly becomes bored, and accepts an invitation from Bob's actor neighbour to attend a party in honour of a well-known producer, Karl Denny (Alan Badel). Jennie tells Bob she is attending the party to get work as a model or actress, and convinces him to give her a large sum of money to buy a proper party dress. Denny notices Jennie at the party and asks her to see him the following night, ostensibly about an acting role. After the party, a drunken Jennie creates a disturbance when she goes home to Bob's apartment. The next night, when Jennie fails to return from her appointment with Denny, Bob goes to Denny's apartment to find her and they argue, with Jennie revealing that she is not pregnant, does not love Bob and does not want to marry him. Heartbroken, Bob leaves and Jennie becomes Denny's mistress. The flashback ends and the film returns to the scene shown at the start. The morning after Jennie's drunken rampage, she is found dead amidst the wreckage of her apartment (including a smashed framed photograph of Denny), having overdosed on pills. The police find her address book full of men's numbers, suggesting she had been promiscuous. The ambulance carrying Jennie's body crosses paths with Bob and Ella, now a happy couple oblivious to Jennie's tragic fate.
Victoria No. 203	Bollywood	drama	Brij	Seth Durgadas is a rich businessman, revered by his son Kumar and society. In reality, Durgadas is the leader of a smuggling gang. As a trusted member of society, he gets all information, while his gang executes his plans. However, during one such robbery, a gang member turns greedy and flees with the diamonds. Durgadas sends another man to retrieve the diamonds and kill the traitor. The traitor is killed, but the killer too flees with the diamonds. A furious Durgadas sends some henchmen to kill the traitor and retrieve the diamonds. The henchmen corner and kill the traitor, but the latter has succeeded in hiding the diamonds somewhere. Meanwhile, a Victoria driver of the eponymous Victoria, who was found near the dead body, is arrested based on circumstantial evidence. Somewhere else, two old golden-hearted crooks, Raja and Rana are to be released. Rana had an infant son who was kidnapped from a park. To date, Rana doesn't know who kidnapped him or whether his son is even alive. The duo want to spend the rest of their lives as good, respected men. The plan is short lived when they find themselves on the trail of the diamonds. Soon, they learn about the Victoria and realise that no one has got a scent of the missing diamonds. To get closer to the Victoria, they pose as distant cousins of the Victoria driver, who are reluctantly admitted inside by the drivers elder daughter Rekha, who soon starts acting suspiciously. During the day, Rekha rides the Victoria, posing as a man while during the night, when everyone is supposedly sleeping, she slips out of the home. One day, Raja and Rana follow her to the house of a man, who unknown to them, is Durgadas's henchman. They are shocked to see Rekha seducing him. But when the henchman tries to rape her, the duo save her. On accosting her, she tells that the man was loitering suspiciously near the Victoria when her father was arrested. Before they can know anything from him, he is shot dead. On learning the Victoria drivers story, the duo decide to do one good turn. They tell Rekha the whole truth, but a shocked Rekha doesn't have a clue about the location of diamonds. Even after tearing the Victoria apart, nothing is found. Meanwhile, Rekha falls in love with Kumar, whom she met while posing as a cab driver. She tries to woo him posing as a rich lady, a plan which works well. However, Kumar learns the truth and decides to marry her, despite knowing about her father. Kumar also meets Raja and Rana, whereupon he gets suspicious of the duo. Here, Durgadas objects to Kumar's relationship with Rekha. Later, Kumar learns of his father's true nature and leaves him. After meeting Rekha, Raja and Rana tell the truth to him too. The quartet decide to find the diamonds. Here, Durgadas kidnaps Rekha on learning that she is the daughter of the Victoria driver. Later, Kumar, Raja and Rana are also kidnapped and tortured. During this deal, Durgadas's drinks are being served on an ornate tray with a fake Victoria headlamp attached to it. Suddenly, Rana realizes that the diamonds are hidden in the Victoria's lamp. He buys time for himself and his old buddy, and they go to retrieve the diamonds. The duo turn up at Durgadas's den, where they manage to create a confusion by luring the gang members to the diamonds. Durgadas is embarrassed to see that not one member of his gang is loyal to him. During the melee, another twist occurs when an old henchman of Durgadas reveals that Kumar isn't Durgadas's son, but Rana's. Durgadas had ordered the henchman to steal somebody's child because Durgadas's father had threatened to disown him. Durgadas could have prevented the situation only by proving that Durgadas has fathered a child. In the end, Durgadas and his remaining cronies are arrested and Rekha's father is set free. After being reunited with his son and his would be daughter-in-law, Rana decides to settle down. However, Raja decides that his destiny might have written something else for him and leaves. Soon, Raja spots a burkha clad woman and starts following her, only to find that the woman is actually Rana. Rana tells Raja that he will not let the latter spend the rest of his life without him. Raja relents and goes home with his friend.
Man at the Top	British	drama	Mike Vardy	Joe Lampton is promoted to managing director of a pharmaceutical company, and becomes involved with Lord Ackerman, the powerful chairman, who is also his father-in-law. But Joe makes a shocking discovery: his predecessor committed suicide because of his involvement in a drug that left 1000 African women sterile. Joe threatens to reveal all to the press, while Lord Ackerman seeks to persuade him otherwise, by offering him promotion to Chief Executive.[1]
Doaa al-Karawan (The Nightingale's Prayer)	Egyptian	drama	Henry Barakat	Amna is a young woman that witnesses the death of her older sister by her uncle, who had abandoned her family and left them with no support. She understands from her mother that her sister deserves to die because she dishonors the family. Amna doesn't agree. She believes that her uncle should be blamed for their conditions. She seeks revenge from the engineer who swayed her sister and lied to her thus causing her death. Amna moves to his house to work as a maid and tries to poison him several times, but all her plans fail. She discovers it's impossible to kill him. This engineer starts to approach her, but she resists him, which makes him even more attracted to her. The poor girl thought that by not resisting him anymore and pretending to love him, she would be able to destroy his life. What she didn't expect was that she herself would fall in love with him. She plans to dig a hole and trick him into falling in it. She tries to but fails and both fall in the hole. She faces him with the truth, and reveals who she is. She decides to leave him as she knows that her plan fails. Her uncle finds out what she had done and decides to kill her because she has ruined the family's reputation. As she steps out of the engineer's house, she sees her uncle and immediately realizes that he has bad intentions, but the engineer sees him too, and takes the bullet in his back to protect her and save her life.
The Passionate Stranger	British	drama	Muriel Box	Judith Wynter (Leighton) is a novelist who pens torrid escapist romantic fiction for the popular women's market, although in real life she is a respectable, unassuming woman, happily married to husband Roger (Richardson) who has been stricken with polio that leaves him immobile. She uses people she knows and situations she encounters as the raw material for her fictional flights of fancy. Recovering from a bout of writer's block, Judith pens the rough draft of her latest novel. Titled The Passionate Stranger, her latest work is a lurid tale of a bored and unsatisfied woman with a pompous disabled husband she despises/ The heroine embarks on a wild affair with her Italian chauffeur and finds herself expecting his child. The husband dismisses the chauffeur, who vows revenge, and matters escalate melodramatically towards a deadly conclusion. The Wynters' new Italian chauffeur Carlo (Carlo Giustini) stumbles on the manuscript, reads it, and jumps to the conclusion that it is wish fulfillment on Judith's part. Assuming that she harbours a repressed passion for him, he begins trying to signal to her that he knows and understands. To Judith's bewilderment and horror, he starts to attempt to recreate situations and conversations from the novel. Feeling extremely uncomfortable, she brushes off his attentions and he becomes confused and angry. Meanwhile, Roger, fully aware of the situation, revels in the amusement of his wife's excruciating embarrassment and Carlo's absurdly misinformed assumptions.
Far and Away	American	drama	Ron Howard	In Ireland in 1892, Joseph Donnelly's family home is burned down by his landlord's men because of unpaid rent. Joseph's father just died and made a promise to his father that he will run his own land someday. Joseph unsuccessfully attempts to kill the landlord, Mr. Christie. Instead Joseph injures himself, and Mrs. Christie and their daughter Shannon nurse him back to health with the intent of hanging him. Joseph meets Shannon, who rebels against family tradition and plans to run away from home, board a ship, and claim free land in America. She offers to take Joseph with her as her servant so she, a single woman, can travel without scandal. Joseph's doesn't believe her and refuses to travel with Shannon. Joseph plans to duel Christie's foreman, Stephen Chase-- he is the man who set fire to the Donnelly family home. Christie meets Joseph before the duel, and tells him that he had nothing do with Joseph's family's eviction or that of any of the other tenant farmers, since the land is managed by Chase. The duel begins, and Chase is very close to shooting Joseph, but Shannon dashes in with her horse and buggy, rescuing Joseph at the last moment. Together on a ship bound for America, Shannon meets Mr. McGuire, who tells her and Joseph about America's arable free land in Oklahoma, informing them that once they get to America, they must head out by train to Oklahoma and race everyone else for a claim to stake. Shannon divulges that her collection of valuable silver spoons will cover all expenses to get the pair to Oklahoma, and McGuire offers to help her find a shop to sell them to once they arrive in America. On arriving in Boston, McGuire is shot, and Shannon's spoons fall out of his clothing and get snatched up by passersby. Joseph rescues her, but not the spoons. Soon the two immigrants are introduced to Mike Kelly, a Boston ward boss, and an Irish-American himself. Kelly finds Joseph and Shannon jobs, and a room to rent in a brothel, which they must share. To avoid scandal, Joseph says Shannon is his sister. Because they are working-class people, it would be dangerous for their fellow Irish immigrants to find out about her privileged background. As the pair continues to share a room, Joseph and Shannon become attracted to each other, but both keep up a front of indifference. One night, Joseph rushes out to Boss Kelly's club, where a bare-knuckle boxing match is underway. Joseph challenges the winner, knocks him out, and soon becomes a regular at the club to make extra cash while both he and Shannon work in a chicken-plucking plant. Back in Ireland, the Christies' house is burned down by angry tenants in the Irish Land War, so the Christies decide to emigrate to America, hoping also to find their daughter. Meanwhile Joseph discovers that Shannon has gone to Kelly's club. He discovers Shannon on stage as a burlesque dancer. He tries to cover her with his jacket, demanding that she stop dancing. The Irish men surrounding the couple beg him to fight and offer him a small fortune ($200). Shannon, who previously scorned boxing, urges him to fight, since the money would get them to Oklahoma. Joseph agrees and is winning until he notices one of his backers (a member of the city council) groping Shannon, who is sitting on his lap. Joseph pushes through the crowd to free her, but is pushed back into the ring, where his foot accidentally toes the line, but he isn't ready and his opponent lands a sucker punch, after which Joseph is defeated. In retaliation for the hundreds of dollars Joseph's boxing loss has cost Boss Kelly and his friends, Joseph is thrown out of Kelly's club. Joseph meets a policeman who shows him a photograph of Shannon, asking if he's seen her. Joseph returns to their room in the brothel to find Kelly and his thugs searching their room for the money he and Shannon saved. Kelly takes their money, and Joseph and Shannon are thrown out into the streets, homeless. Cold and famished, the pair enter a seemingly abandoned and luxurious house. Joseph encourages Shannon to pretend the house is hers and he is her servant, but she begs him to pretend they are married and the house is theirs. During that tender moment, the owners of the house return and chase them away, shooting Shannon in the back. Joseph, who knows the Christies are looking for her in Boston, brings Shannon to the home where they're staying. He decides Shannon will be better cared for by them, and leaves, despite his obvious feelings for her. Joseph heads west to the Ozarks. He finds work laying train track, seemingly abandoning his dream of owning land. He sees a wagon train out the door of his boxcar. Knowing it is headed for the Oklahoma land rush, Joseph abandons the railroad and joins the wagon train, arriving in Oklahoma Territory just in time for the Land Run of 1893. Joseph finds Shannon, Chase, and the Christies already in Oklahoma. Chase, having seen Joseph talking to Shannon, threatens to kill him if he goes near Shannon again. Joseph buys a horse for the land rush, but the horse dies in a few hours, and he is forced to ride an unruly horse he manages to tame. He discovers that Chase has cheated by illegally inspecting the territory before the race, and is headed for the extremely desirable land he found. On this other horse, Joseph quickly outpaces everybody and catches up with Shannon and Chase. Joseph is ready to plant his claim flag, but Chase rushes on horseback at Joseph. A fight breaks out, with Joseph falling and crushed by the horse. Shannon runs to his side and rejects Chase when he questions her actions. Joseph professes his love for Shannon. Joseph passed out a little and was revived. They both drive the land stake into the ground and claim their prize land before the other settlers get there.
The Sound Barrier	British	drama	David Lean	After his aircraft company's groundbreaking work on jet engine technology in the Second World War, John Ridgefield (Ralph Richardson), its wealthy owner, employs test pilot Tony Garthwaite (Nigel Patrick), a successful wartime fighter pilot to fly new jet-powered aircraft. Garthwaite is hired by Ridgefield after marrying Ridgefield's daughter, Susan (Ann Todd). Tensions between father and daughter are accentuated by Garthwaite's dangerous job of test flying. In a noteworthy illustration of the new technology, Susan accompanies Garthwaite on a ferrying assignment of a two-seater de Havilland Vampire to Cairo, Egypt, returning later the same day as passengers on a de Havilland Comet. Ridgefield's hopes for his new jet fighter, Prometheus,[Note 1] has placed the company in jeopardy. The problems faced by the then-new jet aircraft in encountering the speed of sound, the so-called sound barrier, are ever present. In an attempt to break the sound barrier, Garthwaite crashes and is killed. Shocked at the death of her husband and at her father's apparently single-minded and heartless approach to the dangers his test pilots face, Susan walks out on her father and goes to live with friends Jess (Dinah Sheridan) and Philip Peel (John Justin), another company test pilot. Ridgefield later engages Peel to take on the challenge of piloting Prometheus at speeds approaching the speed of sound. In a crucial flight, and at the critical moment, Peel performs a counterintuitive action (presaged in the opening scene of the film) which enables him to maintain control of the aircraft and to break the sound barrier. Eventually accepting that her father did care about those whose lives were lost in tests, Susan changes her plan of moving to London and takes her young son with her back to live with Sir John.
Suture	American	drama	Scott McGehee, David Siegel	After murdering his father, wealthy Vincent Towers decides to fake his own death. He plants a car bomb in an attempt to kill a nearly identical half-brother, Clay Arlington, after persuading Arlington to switch identities with him. Arlington survives, but requires facial reconstruction and also has lost most of his memory. Dr. Renee Descartes is there during his recovery. Towers resurfaces and tries once more to eliminate him, but is killed himself. Arlington makes a decision to make his new identity a permanent one.
Cat Chaser	American	drama	Abel Ferrara	George Moran is a former American paratrooper and veteran of the Dominican Republic intervention who now runs a small beachfront motel in Miami. While searching for a Dominican woman named Luci Palma who saved his life in 1965 (and gave him the nickname Cat Chaser), he begins a relationship with Mary DeBoya, the wealthy, unhappy wife of a sadistic former Dominican general. Moran gets involved in a plot by fellow military veteran Nolen Tyner and a former New York policeman, Jiggs Scully, to rip off the general. Moran must elude a number of double-crosses as he and Mary attempt to gain her freedom plus $2 million of the general's money.
In Country	American	drama	Norman Jewison	Recent high school graduate Samantha Hughes, 17, lives in fictional Hopewell, Kentucky. Her uncle Emmett Smith, a laid-back Vietnam veteran, suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder. Samantha's father, Dwayne, was killed in Vietnam at 21 after marrying and impregnating Samantha's mother, Irene. Samantha finds some old photographs, medals, and letters of her father, and becomes obsessed with finding out more about him. Irene, who has moved to Lexington, Kentucky with her second husband, wants Samantha to move in with them and go to college. But Samantha would rather stay with Emmett and try to find out more about her father. Her mother is no help, as she tells Samantha, Honey, I married him a month before he left for the war. He was 19. I hardly even remember him. Finally, Samantha, Emmett and her grandmother visit the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in Washington, D.C. Finding her father's name in the memorial releases cathartic emotions in Samantha and her family.
Schindler's List	American	drama	Steven Spielberg	In Kraków during World War II, the Germans have forced local Polish Jews into the overcrowded Kraków Ghetto. Oskar Schindler, an ethnic German, arrives in the city hoping to make his fortune. A member of the Nazi Party, Schindler lavishes bribes on Wehrmacht (German armed forces) and SS officials and acquires a factory to produce enamelware. To help him run the business, Schindler enlists the aid of Itzhak Stern, a local Jewish official who has contacts with black marketeers and the Jewish business community. Stern helps Schindler arrange financing for the factory. Schindler maintains friendly relations with the Nazis and enjoys wealth and status as Herr Direktor, and Stern handles administration. Schindler hires Jewish workers because they cost less, while Stern ensures that as many people as possible are deemed essential to the German war effort, which saves them from being transported to concentration camps or killed. SS-Untersturmführer (second lieutenant) Amon Göth arrives in Kraków to oversee construction of Płaszów concentration camp. When the camp is completed, he orders the ghetto liquidated. Many people are shot and killed in the process of emptying the ghetto. Schindler witnesses the massacre and is profoundly affected. He particularly notices a young girl in a red coat as she hides from the Nazis, and later sees her body among a wagonload of corpses. Schindler is careful to maintain his friendship with Göth and, through bribery and lavish gifts, continues to enjoy SS support. Göth brutally mistreats his Jewish maid Helen Hirsch and randomly shoots people from the balcony of his villa, and the prisoners are in constant fear for their lives. As time passes, Schindler's focus shifts from making money to trying to save as many lives as possible. To better protect his workers, Schindler bribes Göth into allowing him to build a sub-camp. As the Germans begin to lose the war, Göth is ordered to ship the remaining Jews at Płaszów to Auschwitz concentration camp. Schindler asks Göth to allow him to move his workers to a new munitions factory he plans to build in Brinnlitz near his home town Zwittau. Göth agrees, but charges a huge bribe. Schindler and Stern create Schindler's List – a list of about 850 people to be transferred to Brinnlitz and thus saved from transport to Auschwitz. The train carrying the women and children is accidentally redirected to Auschwitz-Birkenau; Schindler bribes Rudolf Höss, the commandant of Auschwitz, with a bag of diamonds to win their release. At the new factory, Schindler forbids the SS guards from entering the factory floor and encourages the Jews to observe the Jewish Sabbath. Over the next seven months, he spends much of his fortune bribing Nazi officials and buying shell casings from other companies; due to Schindler's own machinations, the factory does not produce any usable armaments during this period. Schindler runs out of money in 1945, just as Germany surrenders, ending the war in Europe. As a Nazi Party member and war profiteer, Schindler must flee the advancing Red Army to avoid capture. The SS guards in Schindler's factory have been ordered to kill the Jewish workforce, but Schindler persuades them not to, so that they can return to [their] families as men, instead of murderers. He bids farewell to his workers and prepares to head west, hoping to surrender to the Americans. The workers give Schindler a signed statement attesting to his role in saving Jewish lives and present him with a ring engraved with a Talmudic quotation: Whoever saves one life saves the world entire. Schindler is touched, but also ashamed, as he feels he should have done even more. As the Schindlerjuden wake up the next morning, a Soviet soldier arrives to announce that they have been liberated. The Jews leave the factory and walk to a nearby town.
Rain Clouds over Wushan	Chinese	drama	Zhang Ming	Mai Qiang (Zhang Xianming) is a lonely thirty-year-old river signalman living in Wushan, on the banks of the Yangtze River. Lonely, he is pushed to meet women by his more socially adept friend (Wang Wenqiang. One day, after getting drunk, he meets a young widow, Chen Qing (Zhong Ping). Chen, works in a small inn destined to be flooded when the Three Gorges Dam is complete and dreams of a better life. Mai, thinking she is the woman he dreams of every night, forces her to have sex but is shamed by his actions when he realizes what he has done the next morning. Chen informs the police and Mai is arrested. Chen, however, decides to tell the police that she has consented to the sex, saving Mai and bringing disdain upon herself.
The Skin Game	British	drama	Alfred Hitchcock	The plot concerns a feud between two affluent families, the long-established (upper class) Hillcrists, played by C.V. France, Helen Haye, and Jill Esmond, and the nouveau riche (formerly working class) Hornblowers, played by Edmund Gwenn, John Longden, and Frank Lawton. Two underlying themes in the story are class warfare and the urbanization of the countryside. The Hillcrists are upset by the actions of Mr. Hornblower, whom they consider to be ostentatious and crass, in buying up land, evicting tenant farmers, and surrounding the area with factories. The Hillcrists make every effort they can to preserve the last large piece of open land that adjoins their beautiful rural estate. After being tricked out of the land in an auction, the Hillcrists learn a dark secret about Mr. Hornblower's beautiful daughter-in-law Chloe (played by Phyllis Konstam). It turns out that she had previously earned a living by playing the professional other woman in pre-arranged divorce cases. When Mr. Hornblower learns of this secret, and that the Hillcrists have discovered it and are prepared to use it against his family, Mr. Hornblower agrees to sell the rural land to the Hillcrists for less than half the auction price, on the condition that the family swears to keep the information secret. However, the news starts to leak out, precipitating a crisis in the family. Chloe Hornblower goes to the Hillcrists, begging them to help keep the secret from her husband, who is aware that something is going on. She hides behind a curtain when her husband unexpectedly storms into the Hillcrist home, demanding to know the secret. Keeping his promise to Chloe, Mr. Hillcrist makes up a story, but the young Mr. Hornblower is not convinced, and declares that he intends to end his marriage, even though Chloe is pregnant with his child. Upon hearing this, Chloe runs to the lily pond outside the Hillcrist home and drowns herself. When her body is discovered, the elder Hornblower concedes that Hillcrist has destroyed him and his family completely; he says if he can, he will harm Hillcrist or one of Hillcrist's family. Hillcrist makes a sincere apology but Hornblower calls him a hypocrite.
Satellite Boy	Australian	drama	Catriona McKenzie	Twelve-year-old Pete (Cameron Wallaby) lives at a rundown drive-in theatre with his grandfather Jagamarra (David Gulpilil), whom he calls Jubi. The grandfather continually imparts wisdom of the old ways to Pete, who wishes to open a restaurant on the property. The boy hopes his absent mother, Lynelle (Rohanna Angus) will return to help with the restaurant, although Jubi doubts her return to the desolate area of Kimberley. A local mining company soon arrives, claims the land, and will soon build a storage facility on the property, razing everything on it. Pete asks his friend Kalmain (Joseph Pedley) to accompany him on a weekend bicycle trip to the city in an attempt to appeal to the company officials. Kalmain is happy to oblige, as he is now on the run from the police. The journey becomes a walkabout for the boys when they become lost. Pete must rely on the sage advice from his grandfather for survival to not only complete the trek into the city and meet with the company, but also with his mother, who wishes to take him to Perth so that she can become a beautician.
Pandora'nın Kutusu	Turkish	drama	Yeşim Ustaoğlu	Two sisters and a brother living in the centre of Istanbul are confronted with the care for their dementing mother who they brought back with them from the mountains near the Black Sea where she lived. As the siblings start reminiscing about their mother, the tensions between them quickly become apparent; like a Pandora’s Box which is spilled open, all the unresolved disputes are scattered around. The confrontation with their mother’s sordidness brings them to realize how poor their own lives are. It is only the oldest daughter's rebellious son Murat who empathizes with the old woman and an unusual alliance is born between the two.
Sons and Lovers	British	drama	Jack Cardiff	A young man with artistic talent who lives in a close-knit, English coal-mining town during the early 20th century finds himself inhibited by his emotionally manipulative, domineering mother — a literary, psychological interpretation of the Oedipus story. Gertrude Morel, miserable in her marriage, puts her hope into her son, Paul. In her attempt to manipulate Paul's life she jealously attempts to prevent Paul from having a relationship with any woman. However, Paul goes to the city for a job and becomes enchanted with self-actualized and liberated feminist co-worker, Mrs. Clara Dawes, who is married. Paul and Clara become involved sexually and Clara realizes that Paul's emotional attachment, as with her own, lies with another person — in Paul's case, his mother. Gertrude learns of Paul's involvement with Clara, and she slips into a morose depression and physical sickness. Paul flees to his mother, to care for her and sit by her side. After his mother's death, Paul meets the girlfriend of his youth, Miriam, and tells her that because of his codependency with his mother he intends to live the rest of his life without any serious relationship with another woman — in essence fulfilling his mother's desire and objective.
Hussy	British	drama	Matthew Chapman	Beaty (Mirren) is a prostitute working at a London cabaret where Emory (John Shea) is a sound/lighting technician. They begin an affair encumbered by Beaty's job as a call girl. They eventually fall in love, but predictably he grows increasingly uncomfortable with her line of work. In addition Emory has a bit of a dark secret from his past involving the accidental death of his then-wife. To further complicate things, Beaty has shared custody of a young son. Eventually a pair of unsavory characters from each of the lovers' pasts shows up and further endangers their love. Emory's gay friend Max (Murray Salem) arrives and wants to cut Emory in on an upcoming drug deal. He is simultaneously foppish, arrogant and abrasive. Beaty's abusive former lover, the father of her son and possibly her pimp is Alex (Paul Angelis), a strong-arm gorilla type fresh out of prison also arrives, needing a place to stay. Alex is clearly a brutish psychopath who threatens Beaty and Emory's future. Emory and Beaty's two past companions could not be more different, Max is sophisticated, articulate, stylish and outspoken. Alex is a working class English thug, quiet, simple and burning with violent rage. Beaty rebuffs Alex's desire to rekindle whatever they had and this enrages him. He does however agree to be part of Max and Emory's caper (believing it to be gun smuggling). On the day of the caper, Max, Emory and Alex end up in a car together with Max continuously taunting Alex. Alex finally has enough and shoots Max dead in the car. Emory and Alex dispose of the body and it becomes apparent that Alex is aware of Emory's intention to take Beaty and her son away. He is resigned to this and insists that Emory take some surplus cash found on Max's body. Emory drops Alex off with the smuggled drugs where Alex promises to 'take care of' (kill) the drugs' intended recipients to keep them from bothering Alex, Emory or Beaty. When Emory and Beaty first reunite, she refuses to leave the country with him, citing a concern about her son, clearly having trouble uprooting and letting go of her past even though with the proceeds from the smuggling, they will be well set up and she will never have to work at her past profession again. The end shows Emory, Beaty and her child racing to catch a plane, free of their past encumbrances.
The Empty Mirror	American	drama	Barry J. Hershey	The film is a fantastical journey through the looking-glass of history into the darkest recesses of the mind of Adolf Hitler. In a dreamlike subterranean environment removed from historical time, Adolf Hitler (Norman Rodway) confronts the demons of his own psyche. As he dictates his memoirs, Hitler encounters apparitions of his confidant, Joseph Goebbels (Joel Grey), his enigmatic mistress, Eva Braun (Camilla Soeberg), Hermann Göring (Glenn Shadix), Sigmund Freud (Peter Michael Goetz) and the mysterious Woman in Black (Hope Allen). Through haunting images, Hitler's stream-of-consciousness soliloquies and exchanges with his phantom guests, The Empty Mirror presents a frightening primer on genius and psychosis, domination and destruction. The action unfolds amidst a streaming flow of archival film footage intercut with images from Leni Riefenstahl's masterpiece of Nazi propaganda, Triumph of the Will, as well as private home movies shot by Eva Braun.
Dimboola	Australian	drama	John Duigan	English journalist arrives in a small country town to observe a wedding.
Lantana	Australian	drama	Ray Lawrence	An unknown woman's shoe is found in a lantana bush by Jane, who is hiding from her neighbours in the bush after she saw Nik, the husband of her neighbour, Paula, throw something into the bushes. Leon, a police officer, and Jane, have sex in a motel room. They part ways, and Leon and his wife, Sonja, attend Latin dance classes that the recently separated Jane is also taking. Leon does not enjoy the classes. He is seen savagely beating a drug dealer during a bust. He has emotional issues but refuses confront or admit to them. Sonja sees a therapist, Valerie, who has just published a book on her own daughter's murder 18 months ago. She and her husband, John, are barely on speaking terms; he later refers to their marriage as held together by their grief. She feels threatened by another patient, Patrick Phelan, who is having an affair with a married man, which forces Valerie to confront her own issues in her marriage to John. Hoping to see Leon again, Jane purposely bumps into him outside the police station, and they have sex again despite Leon's reservations. Her next-door neighbour, Nik, is upset that she is seeing someone because he is friends with her estranged husband, Pete, who wants to return home. Jane pairs up with Sonja in the next salsa class, which angers Leon, who ends their arrangement, which upsets Jane. She invites Nik over for coffee at the behest of his wife, Paula, with whom she is friendly and offers him money as they are struggling. Paula now starts to dislike Jane. Valerie is coming home late one night and drives off the road. She is stranded and makes several calls to John, who does not answer. Finally, she is seen approaching a car coming along the road but never makes it home. Leon is the investigating detective on the case and looks into her office and notes. Surprised at seeing his wife's name and file, he takes an audio recording of their sessions. Leon arrives home late, but Sonja is not asleep. He asks her about her therapy sessions with Valerie. They discuss their relationship, and he tells that he just ended an affair but that he still loves her. Sonja is very upset and feels betrayed. Leon sleeps on the couch. In the morning, Sonja says that he will be lucky if she returns home that night. Leon goes to John's house to interrogate him as the main suspect in his wife's disappearance. Leon starts a discussion about love, marriage and affairs but lies to John when asked if he ever had an affair. Leon goes to Jane's house on police duty, as she has placed a call. Jane was up late one night and watched Nik arrive home and throw something in the bushes across the road from her house. Later, she finds that it is a woman's shoe. Leon and Paula arrive at Jane's and declare that the shoe is Valerie's. The police take Nik to the station, and he leaves his children with Jane. Police call Paula to leave her work as a nurse, to come in for questioning. Neither Nik nor Paula knows that Jane made the police call. Although Paula does not like Jane, she calls her to thank her for minding their children. The police interrogate Nik, but he refuses to answer questions about Valerie, repeatedly asking to see Paula. After seeing his wife, Nik calms down and talks with Leon and Paula. Valerie had car trouble and Nik was driving past. He agreed to give her a lift to her home but she panicked when he took a back road shortcut and so she jumped out of his truck. Valerie had run off, leaving behind her shoe. Paula goes to Jane's house to get her children, where she tells her that Nik is innocent of Valerie's disappearance. Jane asks how she knows that, and Paula simply replies that he told her. Jane asks if she can spend more time with the kids, but Paula forbids it after seeing how Jane went over into her house and tidied it. Leon, Paula, Nik, and John go to the place that Valerie jumped out of the truck. They find her body, as she had accidentally fallen down a ravine. Leon listens to the rest of the therapy tape, where his wife says that she still loved him and he bursts into tears. Leon returns home and sees his wife outside. Jane salsa dances alone, drinking and smoking, and her husband, Pete, leaves her. Patrick is pained to see his lover happily spending time with his wife and kids. Nik and Paula are seen happily spending time with their kids. The movie ends with Sonja and Leon dancing together seductively. Leon, who at the beginning of the film finds dancing with his wife difficult, now appears to be doing well. He looks Sonja directly in her eyes and dances, just as she always wanted. Sonja struggles to initially return Leon's gaze but does so just before the movie ends.
Mother Night	American	drama	Keith Gordon	Confined in an Israeli jail, Howard W. Campbell, Jr. writes a memoir about his career in Nazi Germany. During the buildup to World War II, Campbell, an American playwright of German language stage productions, is approached by War Department operative Frank Wirtanen. Wirtanen asks Campbell to work as a spy for the U.S. in the approaching war, though he promises no reward or recognition. Campbell rejects the offer, but Wirtanen adds that he wants Campbell to take some time to consider, telling him that Campbell's answer will come in the form of how he acts and what positions he assumes once the war begins. In the initial stages of the war, Campbell works his way up through Joseph Goebbels' propaganda organization, eventually becoming the voice of English language broadcasts propagating Nazism and anti-Semitism at U.S. citizens. Unknown to the Nazis, all of the idiosyncrasies of his speech – deliberate pauses, coughing, etc. – form a secret code that covertly transmits information to Allied forces. Late in the war, after his wife, Helga, is reported killed on the Eastern Front, Campbell visits her family in early 1945 outside Berlin, just before the Red Army arrives. Helga's younger sister, Resi, confesses that she is in love with him. Eventually, Campbell is captured when a U.S. infantryman recognizes his voice. Before he can be executed, Wirtanen arranges for Campbell's discreet release and helps his relocation to New York City. Campbell is shocked to learn that the Americans will not reveal Campbell's true role in the war, because that would also reveal the spycraft techniques that America will continue to need for the next war. Although that means that Campbell is doomed to be a pariah, Wirtanen is unsympathetic, reasoning that Campbell would not have wanted the truth had Germany won the war. In New York City, Campbell lives a lonely existence for fifteen years, sustained only by memories of Helga and an indifferent curiosity about his eventual fate. Mrs. Epstein, a Holocaust survivor living in Campbell's building, is the only person who suspects his true identity; he seems to avoid her suspicions by feigning ignorance of German. Campbell's only friend is George Kraft, an elderly painter who, through an extraordinary coincidence, happens to be a Soviet intelligence agent. Over many games of chess, Campbell reveals his secret past to Kraft, who tries to use this information to improve his standing with his handlers by forcing Campbell into a position where he must flee to Moscow. He leaks information about Campbell's whereabouts, which gets the attention of a neo-Nazi organization. Representatives of this group meet Campbell and present him with who seems to be Helga. However, it is not long before Campbell discovers that Helga is actually Resi, who had taken Helga's identity to escape East Germany. The neo-Nazis shelter Campbell, along with Kraft and Resi, in their Manhattan hideout. Wirtanen reappears, warning Campbell of Kraft's true identity and explaining that Kraft and Resi have put Campbell in an awkward position with the neo-Nazis to ensure his transfer to Moscow. Campbell returns to the hideout to confront the pair; in light of her exposure, Resi commits suicide. Moments later, the FBI raids the hideout but, again, Wirtanen uses his influence to ensure Campbell walks free. Campbell returns to his wrecked apartment and decides to turn himself in to the Israelis to stand trial. Campbell is taken to Haifa, where he is incarcerated in the cell below an unrepentant Adolf Eichmann. The film ends with the arrival of a letter from Wirtanen providing the corroborating evidence that Campbell was indeed a U.S. spy during the war. Moments later, Campbell hangs himself — not, he says, for crimes against humanity, but rather for crimes against myself.
The Yellow Rolls-Royce	British	drama	Anthony Asquith	On a flatbed lorry driven in the streets of London, a motorcar is under a grey cover with the initials RR. The Rolls Royce is first purchased by Charles, Marquess of Frinton (Rex Harrison) as a 10th wedding anniversary present for his French wife, Eloise (Jeanne Moreau). Frinton is Under-Secretary of State at the Foreign Office. The marquess is a longtime horse owner who has his heart set on winning the Ascot Gold Cup. This year his horse, named 10 June (his wedding anniversary date; also the writer Terence Rattigan's birthday) is the favourite and does indeed win. Lord Frinton is presented the Gold Cup by King George V. However, his elation is blighted when he finds his wife with her lover, his underling John Fane (Edmund Purdom), in the back of the Rolls with the shades drawn. For appearance's sake, Lord Frinton will not divorce his wife, but he returns the car. 20,023 miles later, Genoa, Italy — The Rolls, according to G. Bomba, owner of the Genova Auto Salon was “owned by a Maharajah, who lost his money at the San Remo Casino.” The Rolls is purchased by American gangster Paolo Maltese (George C. Scott). He is touring the sights of Italy with his bored fiancée Mae Jenkins (Shirley MacLaine) and his right-hand man Joey Friedlander (Art Carney). When Maltese returns to Miami to take care of some unsavory business, he leaves Friedlander to chaperone Jenkins. Friedlander turns a blind eye when she falls in love with Stefano (Alain Delon), a handsome young street photographer she had met while still with Maltese. Upon finding Jenkins and Stefano in the back of the Rolls with the shades drawn, Friedlander walks away. But he later shows Jenkins an eight-day-old American newspaper headline, Bugs O’ Leary Slain—Police Claim Gang Warfare, that was Maltese's business in the United States. Although in love with Stefano, Jenkins reluctantly leaves him, telling him that it was just a fling, to protect both of them from possible reprisal from her lethal boyfriend Maltese. Trieste on the Yugoslav border – the year, 1941 — The Rolls is in a repair shop. The car exterior is filthy with OCCASIONE (Bargain, Special Offer) painted on the windscreen. It is bought by Gerda Millett (Ingrid Bergman), a powerful and wealthy American widow touring Europe. Just before the Invasion of Yugoslavia by the Nazi Germans, she encounters anti-fascist Davich (Omar Sharif) who commandeers her automobile to sneak into Yugoslavia, hiding in the boot before the border crossing. Along the way, these two seemingly different people fall in love. At their Ljubljana hotel, they survive a German aerial attack, then she insists on driving him to a partisan camp in the mountains and makes several trips to pick up more villagers and deliver them to the camp. She wants to stay and help repel the invaders, but Davich will not permit it, saying it is not her fight. He tells her to go back to America and tell people what she has witnessed. The car is seen being unloaded from a cargo ship in New York. During the end credits, it is seen driving along an expressway, passing beneath a road sign reading I-95, George Washington Bridge, Bronx – Next Right.
Billy Bathgate	American	drama	Robert Benton	Billy Behan is a poor teenage boy from the Bronx. One day he catches the attention of gangster Dutch Schultz. Changing his last name to Bathgate, after a local street, he goes to work for Schultz's organization, serving mostly as a gopher for Schultz. Billy is present when Schultz murders his former partner Bo Weinberg, who Schultz believes betrayed him. Schultz then begins a relationship with Weinberg's beautiful, married, girlfriend, Drew Preston. Facing legal charges in a court in upstate New York, Schultz brings Billy and Drew along. He successfully charms the locals, presenting himself as charming and good natured. While his boss Dutch stands trial, Billy's job is to watch over Drew. His loyalties to Schultz are tested as he begins falling in love with the flirtatious Drew. Realizing that Drew is about to be killed, Billy calls her husband, who hurries to town and takes her home before Schultz's men can make their move. Having beaten the rap in court, Dutch is indicted again on federal tax evasion charges. He wants to have federal prosecutor Thomas Dewey murdered, but his request is rejected by the Mafia Commission. Schultz sends Billy to another gangster with some bribe money, but the effort is rejected. When Billy returns with the bad news, he and Schultz have a falling out and Billy is fired by Schultz's associate Otto, who lets him keep the bribe money as a severance package. As Billy leaves, he is abducted and beaten by gangsters working for Lucky Luciano. The men storm Dutch's hideout and kill everyone inside. Billy is taken before Luciano, who warns him that he knows where Billy's family lives, before letting him go.
Young Cassidy	British	drama	Jack Cardiff	Set in 1911 and the growing protest against British rule in Ireland, young John Cassidy (Seán O'Casey)[3] is a labourer by day and a pamphleteer by night. When the pamphlets he has written incite riots, Cassidy realizes he can do more for his people with the pen than with the sword. He writes a new play, The Plough and the Stars, which he submits to the Abbey Theatre (which had already rejected another of his plays, The Shadow of a Gunman), and is surprised when W.B. Yeats, the founder of the Abbey, accepts and produces his new play. The opening of the play causes the audience to riot, and he loses many friends; but he is undeterred and is soon acclaimed as Ireland's outstanding young playwright. As early as 1907, performances of John Millington Synge's The Playboy of the Western World resulted in riots by theatergoers, which had to be quelled by police.[4] The real W.B Yeats, a friend of both authors, said similar words at or after both riots.[3][5] Young Cassidy brings this parallel history (the riots of The Plough and the Stars and The Playboy of the Western World) to vivid life, tied together by the character of Yeats.
Men Are Not Gods	British	drama	Walter Reisch	In London, critic Mr. Skeates dictates a scathing review of Edmund Davey, the lead actor debuting in the play Othello, to his secretary, Ann Williams. Barbara Albert, Davey's co-star and wife, comes to the newspaper offices to plead her husband's case. Skeates has already left, so she begs Ann for help to save Edmund's career, insisting that he is a great actor who was simply overwhelmed by his great opportunity. Ann is touched and takes a great risk (as Skeates never reads his own work), rewriting the review to praise the actor's performance. The critic, however, finds out when Edmund thanks him for his kind words, and Ann is given the sack. She goes to see the play. She and the rest of the audience are entranced by Edmund's second performance. When Barbara spots her after the show, she introduces Ann to her husband. Ann and Edmund become infatuated with each other, however.
Sunflower	Chinese	drama	Zhang Yang	The film is split into three main segments spanning thirty years. The first segment, in 1976, begins with the return of an artist, Gengnian to his wife, Xiuqing and son after several years of re-education during the Cultural Revolution. He returns however, with injured hands and can no longer continue as an artist. He instead hopes to cultivate artistic aspirations in his son, Xiangyang, who has taken to hurling stones at strangers with his friend Chicken Droppings. Though he eventually follows in his father's footsteps, Xiangyang resents his father's pressure and the two soon fall out. The next segments, in 1987 when Xiangyang is a 19-year-old, and 1999, when he is in his 30s, continue to chart the course of Xiangyang and Gengnian's tense relationship. It is a moving film depicting the tension between Xianyang and his parents and also the marital relationship between his parents. The sunflower returns throughout the movie as a theme.
Iti Mrinalini	Bengali	drama	Aparna Sen	Mrinalini, an ageing actress, writes a suicide note. As a performer, the first lesson she had learnt was timing – the perfect moment for making an entrance or an exit on stage. On the stage of life, her entrance had been outside her control; but she wants to choose the moment of her exit at least. However, before taking the pills that will put her to sleep forever, she decides to destroy all her memorabilia – letters, photographs, newspaper cuttings, knick-knacks pertaining to the past – lest they fall into the hands of the press. She has been a victim of media attention all her life and wishes to be spared that at her death. As she looks through the old box that contains relics from her past, memories flood the night... Incidents that she had forgotten or had relinquished to the furthest corners of her mind now return to haunt her and, through these memories, an entire life is revealed – a life of loves lost and gained, friendships and betrayals, successes and failures, accidents and awards, agonies and ecstasies. Mrinalini relives her past, as night gradually turns to dawn. An azaan (Islamic call to prayer) starts up somewhere. Slowly early morning light fills the room. The moment has passed and the death she had wished for so intensely no longer seems a priority. Her German Shepherd comes and rubs its head on its mistress’s feet and squeaks to be let out. Mrinalini smiles, tears up the suicide note and takes her dog out for a walk. On the street, she meets morning walkers, old and young, joggers, a group of school children. A young man runs past her. He seems to be escaping from something. Mrinalini gets a glimpse, and a doubt crosses her mind - she seems to recognize him. He resembles her first boyfriend, from her college days. Maybe he's a thief, or some gangster. She doesn't know. Neither do we. And then, a gunshot rips through the air. Everyone on the street gets startled. Mrinalini stands still, shocked. The young man checks himself. He is safe. Only this time, she has taken the bullet on her back, and not the man who had resembled her first love. He runs off, as she - the one who had wanted to control her exit from the stage of the world, collapses on the ground...
The Heart of the Matter	British	drama	George More O'Ferrall	Scobie, Deputy Commissioner of the Sierra Leone Police in Freetown during the Second World War, is unhappily married to fellow-Catholic Louise and both mourn their only daughter. Despite his having been a police officer in the country for 15 years when the Police Commissioner announces he is to retire Scobie is not chosen to replace him, but rather a younger man is being sent out from England. On a search of a visiting Portuguese ship, the neutral vessel Esperança, he finds an envelope addressed to Germany. When he confiscates it, the captain begs him to do nothing because the letter is to his daughter. Feeling pity, Scobie burns it. His wife keeps begging him to let her go to South Africa but they cannot afford the fare. Eventually he accepts a loan from Yusef, a suspected smuggler, to send her away by sea. Called up country because a local District Commissioner is in trouble, he finds the man has committed suicide because of his debts to smugglers. While he is there, survivors of a ship torpedoed by the Germans are brought ashore by the Vichy police of neighbouring French Guinea. One he notices is Helen, a very young widow who reminds him of his dead daughter. Back in Freetown he finds she has been given a hut near his house and after he pays her a visit the two start an affair. When he learns that Louise is coming back on the next voyage of the Esperança, he writes Helen a note. It never reaches her, because it is intercepted by a servant in Yusef's pay. Yusef then tells Scobie that he must give a packet of contraband diamonds to the captain of the Esperança or face ruin. Complying, he returns home and at a party to welcome Helen to the district he learns that Louise will shortly return home, and that they will be unable to continue their affair. Louise then forces Scobie to attend mass and take communion, which damns him because he had not confessed his sins of adultery and corruption. Unable to keep the woman he loves and liable to lose his job at any moment, he prepares to commit suicide but instead is distracted by a violent altercation between some criminals and is fatally injured in the skirmish, dying in his servant’s arms.
Woh Chokri	Bollywood	drama	Subhankar Ghosh	Geeta Devi (Neena Gupta) is one of the daughters-in-law of a prominent and wealthy family, who is unfortunately widowed. Still youthful and attractive, she gives in to the wiles of one of the men in the neighbourhood, Lalit Ramji (Paresh Rawal), and starts living with him. She has a daughter, Apsara (Pallavi Joshi) by him, and the three are portrayed as a happy family. One day, Lalit disappears without explanation, and from then on, the lives of the abandoned mother and daughter go steadily downward. Apsara is forced to leave school through her erstwhile in-laws' machinations; with no income, their landlord is forced to let them go, and they have to move to a hutment colony, Geeta begins work as a maidservant in order to earn a living and support her daughter. One of the poignant themes in the movie is Apsara's relationship with her father, to whose illusory love she hangs on with a childlike and, in the end, horribly unjustified faith. Learning that Lalit is now a successful politician, Apsara persuades her mother to travel to New Delhi to meet him as she is sure her father will rescue them from their terrible condition. Rejected, the mother returns, and having lost all hope and faith in human goodness, takes to drink. Soon after, she dies leaving her daughter aged 16 all alone. The daughter takes up her mother's job as maidservant in the house of a widower (Om Puri) of 15 years. He seems genuinely concerned for the welfare of the girl and slowly gains her trust and finally asks her to come live with him despite the age gap. After some initial reluctance, the girl finally accepts and starts living with Om Puri, and briefly the young girl is restored to a secure life free of want. Her protector then dies of a heart attack. His relatives accuse the girl of murder and she is taken into custody and questioned by the police. After a few months, she is released for lack of evidence. Left to her own devices, she works for a time as a prostitute until she decides to move to Delhi and try to get in touch with her father. In Delhi, she lives in the railway station with three other street children, even acquiring a status of leadership among them. One day, she learns that her father is coming to the city and will be giving a conference. She decides to attend and during the conference, she gets up and starts shouting to her father that she is his daughter. Lalit ignores her calls and she is led out by the police and left a few miles down the road. She then realizes that her mother was right and that her father had really abandoned them to their fate. Faced with the treacherous cruelty that life can show, she is walking along, loudly lamenting her fate and reviling life, when one of her father's henchmen slips up behind her, and brutally slits her throat. The movie ends with her lying dead on the grass.
Lala's Gun	Chinese	drama	Ning Jingwu	Lala's Gun is the story of a boy from the village of Biasha in Congjiang County, where resides a branch of Miao minority. As part of the village's tradition, every boy upon reaching the age of fifteen was to receive a gun from his father as a symbol of reaching manhood. Lala, however, was raised by his grandmother after being abandoned by his father followed by his mother's death. As his 15th birthday approached, Lala departed Biasha and started a journey of searching the father he hadn't seen for years.
Spare the Rod	British	drama	Leslie Norman	John Saunders (Bygraves), a supply teacher with progressive anti-corporal punishment views, arrives to take up a post at Worrell Street School in a socially deprived area of East London. He is assigned a class of pupils in their last year before leaving school and finds himself in charge of a group of rebellious, badly-behaved teenagers from poor home backgrounds, with no interest in education, who register their defiance of authority by fighting, throwing classroom furniture around, whistling and laughing during bible readings and smoking in class. The school's headmaster Jenkins (Pleasence) is well-meaning but has long become despondent with the seemingly insurmountable challenges posed by his pupils and is resigned to merely serving out his time until retirement. His view that corporal punishment is the only way to maintain even some semblance of order in the classrooms (You'll never be able to handle them unless you're as tough as they are) is anathema to Saunders, who states his intention to try all other methods of discipline rather than resort to physical violence. Saunders's teaching colleagues are all resistant to any change in the school's punishment policy, with their attitudes informed either by disillusion and the fear of otherwise losing control of their pupils completely, or in the case of Arthur Gregory (Keen) by a seeming relish for corporal punishment which borders on the sadistic. All share the view that it is useless to try to provide a meaningful education to children who they have already written off as leaving school only to drift into dead-end jobs, and that the best they can hope to do is to maintain some degree of order in the classroom. Saunders sticks to his principles and starts to make some little headway with his class, although they are baffled by his refusal to rise to provocation and disobedience. He spots particular promise in one of the main trouble-makers Fred Harkness (O'Sullivan), and tries to encourage the boy to explore his potential. The first time Saunders caned any pupils involved Harkness, though it is revealed in a later scene that it was not Harkness's fault, in fact, he was trying to prevent several other pupils from rioting. When Saunders offers him a handshake and an apology at the end of the scene, Harkness refuses and marches out of the room, all trust between them smashed. Matters come to a head when as a prank the pupils lock Gregory in the school toilets overnight. The following morning Gregory seeks revenge on those he considers the ringleaders, singling Harkness out for punishment. His assault on the boy escalates beyond reasonable bounds, with him delivering roughly ten strokes of the cane to his left hand, which was twisted behind his back, and Saunders has to step in to restrain him. Taking advantage of the situation, the other pupils instigate a full-scale classroom riot. Saunders then finds himself being held responsible for undermining the school's strict discipline protocol. He is forced to examine whether he can continue to teach in such an environment, but has the consolation of finally connecting fully with Harkness and convincing him he is talented enough to aspire to something better on leaving school.
Wind	American	drama	Carroll Ballard	The film is centered on the America's Cup series of yachting races and uses them as a backdrop for both an action/adventure and a romantic storyline.[1]
Aan Milo Sajna	Bollywood	drama	Mukul Dutt	Widowed and ailing Savitri Choudhury lives a wealthy lifestyle along with her son, Anil, in a palatial mansion in India. She knows that Anil is only waiting for her to die so that he can inherit the wealth and refuses to give him any money. The Diwan convinces Anil to mend his ways, get married, and patch-up with his mom. Shortly thereafter, Anil does appear to have mended his ways, gets involved in charity, and even introduces a young woman named Deepali to his mom. Deepali moves into the mansion and looks after Savitri so much so that Savitri decides to make her the sole beneficiary of her estate. What Savitri does not know is that Anil has hired Deepali to act as his fiancée, and that Deepali herself is not who she claims to be, and is actually in love with a local horse-riding peasant, Ajit, whose father was convicted of killing Savitri's husband, and soon Ajit himself will be arrested by the Police for having an affair with and then killing a woman named Sita.
Malak al-Rahma (The Angel of Mercy)	Egyptian	drama	Youssef Wahbi	Fouad Bek is married to Imtethal and has a daughter, Thoraya, who lives in Istanbul with her grandparents. Before Imtethal's mother dies, she reveals a secret she has been keeping to her daughter. She also has a son out of wedlock, and tells her where he is. Imtehal meets her brother, Zaki, who tries to trick her and steal from her. He even threatens her with letters. One day, Fouad finds a letter from Zaki. He misunderstands what the letter discloses and thinks that his wife is having an affair with this man. Thoraya returns to Egypt and finds that her parents have divorced.
Phaansi Ke Baad	Bollywood	drama	Harmesh Malhotra	Vijay is a public prosecutor with a high success rate. He is popular and well known in court due to his efficiency. The story starts with a murder case where the accused, Abbas, is tried and found guilty. Swapna, Vijay's girlfriend, suddenly discovers new evidence that Abbas may not be the real culprit then Vijay starts a secret investigation while defending Abbas in his trial. Before the trial's completion the police arrest Vijay for another murder.
That'll Be The Day	British	drama	Claude Whatham	Jim MacLaine (David Essex) was abandoned by his father when he was young. Later, as a suburban school dropout, Jim leaves home and drifts through a succession of dead-end jobs until he finds an outlet for his frustration in rock 'n' roll. Tossing away the chance of a university education much to the consternation of his mother, alienated MacLaine becomes a lowly deckchair attendant before streetwise friend Mike (Ringo Starr) gets him a job firstly as a barman and then with the fun fair. The initially shy MacLaine quickly becomes a heartless fairground Romeo leaving a trail of broken hearts in his wake. Eventually MacLaine returns home to run the family store and marry his girlfriend, but despite the birth of a son, restless Jim feels the lure of rock ’n’ roll again.
Verónico Cruz	British	drama	Miguel Pereira	The film is set in the mid 1970s and ends at the time of the 1982 Falklands War (Spanish: Guerra de las Malvinas/Guerra del Atlántico Sur) between Great Britain and Argentina. Verónico Cruz (Gonzalo Morales) is a poor indigenous Argentine shepherd boy who lives in the desolate and harsh Andean highlands. He lives in Chorcán, a small hamlet in the Jujuy Province. One day Mr. Lehrer (Juan José Camero) arrives in Chorcán to take the job as the new school teacher. Verónico comes to idolise his new teacher, who is also known as el maestro as a sign of respect and affection. At one point in the film el maestro takes Verónico on his first road trip to San Salvador de Jujuy, the capital of the Jujuy Province, to look for Verónico's father, who the boy has never met. While there Lehrer is interrogated harshly by government authorities and discovers Castulo Cruz is considered a subversive by the military and that he probably has become a desaparecido. As Verónico Cruz learns about the outside world from his teacher, so too does Lehrer come to understand and appreciate the indigenous people who live in northwest rural Argentina and their history. Lehrer, near the end of the film, is given a promotion and leaves Verónico's small village to teach at a larger school far away. However, the warm relationship between el maestro and Verónico ends after Verónico joins the navy and Argentine troops invade the Falkland Islands. El maestro later gets a letter from Verónico, that he is serving at the ARA Belgrano as a crewman, at the same time that he gets news that the ARA Belgrano has been sunk by a British submarine.
The Full Treatment	British	drama	Val Guest	An English racing driver, Alan Colby, and his wife, Denise, were involved in a bad accident a year ago. Though they are both physically well, Alan struggles with mood swings and is increasingly violent. The couple go to the Cote D'Azur on vacation where they meet Dr. Prade, a psychiatrist who also hails from London. Prade and Denise talk about her troubled marriage, which angers Alan. After a fight, the couple reconcile and return to London. Once back home, Alan attempts to strangle Denise and is horrified by his dark impulses. She begs him to seek help from Prade and he reluctantly agrees. In an early session, Prade presses Alan to reveal how he would kill Denise. Alan confesses all the details of his fantasy, which includes strangling Denise in bed, dismembering her body and dropping the pieces down a disposal chute in their apartment building. After many sessions, Prade concludes that Alan thought, in the moment of the car crash, he had killed Denise and has been reliving those feelings ever since. Alan is ecstatic when Prade declares him cured. Alan awakes the next morning and is surprised to find Prade in his apartment. He returns a key that Denise gave him when Alan was at his most dangerous. The men realize that Denise is gone. Prade pieces together clues, all of which resemble Alan's murderous fantasy, and they fear that he killed Denise while in a psychotic fugue state. Prade attempts to take Alan to a clinic, but gets in a car accident on the way there. In the confusion, Alan escapes back to southern France. While lying low, he spots Denise and Prade on a yacht. Prade has deceived Denise into taking a vacation while believing that Alan is under intense psychiatric care. Alan appears with a gun at Prade's house, believing that Prade and Denise conspired against him. Prade tells Alan that he has been in a clinic for ten days, causing Alan to question his sanity once again. Denise, however, finds an estimate for repairs to Prade's car and realizes that he slaughtered his own cat to stage the murder scene to deceive Alan. When she confronts Prade, he reveals his love for Denise and attempts to escape on an old gondola lift. The cable snaps and Prade is killed. Alan and Denise are reunited, but solemn after their ordeal.
The Shawshank Redemption	American	drama	Frank Darabont	In 1947 Portland, Maine, banker Andy Dufresne is convicted of murdering his wife and her lover, and sentenced to two consecutive life sentences at the Shawshank State Penitentiary. He is befriended by contraband smuggler, Ellis Red Redding, an inmate serving a life sentence. Red procures a rock hammer, and later a large poster of Rita Hayworth for Andy. Working in the prison laundry, Andy is regularly assaulted and raped by the Sisters and their leader, Bogs. In 1949, Andy overhears the captain of the guards, Byron Hadley, complaining about being taxed on an inheritance and offers to help him shelter the money legally. After an assault by the Sisters nearly kills Andy, Hadley beats Bogs severely. Left crippled, Bogs is transferred to another prison, and Andy is not attacked again. Warden Samuel Norton meets Andy and reassigns him to the prison library to assist elderly inmate Brooks Hatlen. Andy's new job is a pretext for him to begin managing financial matters for the prison employees. As time passes, the warden begins using him to handle matters for himself and a variety of people, including guards from other prisons. Andy begins writing weekly letters to the state legislature requesting funds to improve the prison's decaying library. Brooks is paroled in 1954 after serving 50 years, but he cannot adjust to the outside world, and he commits suicide by hanging himself. Andy receives a library donation that includes a recording of The Marriage of Figaro. He plays an excerpt over the public address system, and is punished with solitary confinement. After his release from solitary, Andy explains that hope is what gets him through his time, a concept that Red dismisses. In 1963, Norton begins exploiting prison labor for public works, profiting by undercutting skilled labor costs and receiving bribes. Andy launders the money using the alias Randall Stephens. Tommy Williams is incarcerated for burglary in 1965. Andy and Red befriend him, and Andy helps him pass his GED exam. A year later, Tommy reveals to Red and Andy that an inmate at another prison claimed responsibility for the murders for which Andy was convicted. Andy approaches Norton with this information, but he refuses to listen and sends him back to solitary confinement when he mentions the money laundering. Norton has Hadley murder Tommy under the guise of an escape attempt. Andy declines to continue the laundering, but he relents after Norton threatens to burn the library, remove Andy's protection from the guards, and move him to worse conditions. After two months, Andy is released from solitary confinement, and he tells Red of his dream of living in Zihuatanejo, a Mexican coastal town. Red feels Andy is being unrealistic, but promises him that if he is ever released, he will visit a specific hayfield near Buxton, Maine, and retrieve a package Andy buried there. He worries about Andy's well-being, especially when he learns Andy asked another inmate to supply him with six feet (1.8 meters) of rope. The next day at roll call, the guards find Andy's cell empty. An irate Norton throws a rock at the poster of Raquel Welch hanging on the cell wall, revealing a tunnel that Andy dug with his rock hammer over the last 19 years. The previous night, Andy escaped through the tunnel and prison sewage pipe, using the rope to bring with him Norton's suit, shoes, and the ledger containing details of the money laundering. While guards search for him, Andy poses as Randall Stephens and visits several banks to withdraw the laundered money, then mails the ledger and evidence of the corruption and murders at Shawshank to a local newspaper. State police arrive at Shawshank and take Hadley into custody, while Norton commits suicide to avoid arrest. After serving 40 years, Red is paroled. He struggles to adapt to life outside prison and fears that he never will. Remembering his promise to Andy, he visits Buxton and finds a cache containing money, and a letter asking him to come to Zihuatanejo. Red violates his parole and travels to Fort Hancock, Texas, to cross the border into Mexico, admitting he finally feels hope. On a beach in Zihuatanejo he finds Andy, and the two friends are happily reunited.
Cedar Boys	Australian	drama	Sehat Caradee	Tarek (Les Chantery) a Lebanese-Australian, living in Sydney's tough western suburbs wants to help his imprisoned older brother, Jamal (Bren Foster) but can't afford the costs. His mate Nabil (Buddy Dannoun), a cleaner persuades Tarek to steal drugs from a drugs depot and their drug dealing friend Sam (Waddah Sari) helps in distribution. Meanwhile, Tarek has met Amie (Rachael Taylor), an Anglo-Australian girl who likes to party and to snort cocaine.
Barcelona	American	drama	Whit Stillman	The main character in Barcelona is a Chicago salesman named Ted Boynton, who lives and works in the eponymous Spanish city in the early 1980s. Ted's cousin, Fred, a naval officer, unexpectedly comes to stay with Ted at the beginning of the film. Fred has been sent to Barcelona to handle public relations on behalf of a U.S. fleet scheduled to arrive later. The cousins have a history of conflict since childhood, to which the film refers several times. Ted and Fred develop relationships with various single women in Barcelona and experience the negative reactions of some of the community's residents to the context of Fred's presence. Ted also faces possible problems with his American employer and with the concept of attraction to physical beauty.
Restoration	American	drama	Michael Hoffman	A young doctor, Robert Merivel, enters the service of King Charles II of England after having saved the King's favorite spaniel. Merivel finds himself enjoying a life of debauched pleasure and popularity at court, until the King informs him that he has arranged for Merivel to wed Celia, the King's favorite mistress. The purpose of the arranged marriage is to fool another of the King's mistresses. Merivel is given an estate named Bidnold in Suffolk, and Celia is installed in a house in Kew where the king can visit her secretly. Merivel lives a life of debauchery there, but also finds pleasure in restoring the house to its former beauty with the support of Will Gates, the man who runs the estate. However, things become complicated when Merivel breaks the King's cardinal rule by falling in love with Celia. Elias Finn, a painter commissioned by the King to paint a portrait of Celia, tricks Merivel into revealing his romantic feelings for Celia, who does not return Merivel's affections. After finding out about Merivel's romantic feelings toward Celia, the King banishes him from court back to his life as a physician. Merivel rejoins his old friend, John Pearce, who has opened a Quaker sanitarium. There, Merivel meets Katherine, a troubled young woman whose husband walked out on her after their daughter drowned in the river. Merivel and Katherine become lovers. Pearce falls fatally ill with consumption, and while Merivel is tending to his dying friend, they discover that Katherine is pregnant with Merivel's child. After the death of Pearce, Merivel and Katherine leave. The pair returns to London just as the Great Plague has hit. Katherine gives birth to a daughter, Margaret, via Caesarean section, but dies in the process as there is no way to ward off infection once the body has been cut open. In her dying moments, Merivel promises Katherine that he will care for Margaret, and that he loves Katherine. As the plague continues to kill the people of London, Merivel feels compelled to do what he can as a physician. He leaves Margaret with a wet nurse who promises to care for her in his absence, and goes out into the city, separating the sick from the well, who have all been quarantined together, and does what he can to ease the suffering of the dying. When someone asks for Merivel's name, he says he is John Pearce, as a tribute to his friend. Under this misnomer and in disguise, Merivel is once again summoned to the palace. The King fears that Celia has contracted the plague. Merivel soon assures him that she does not have the plague, but rather has a treatable fever and is with child. With this, Merivel realizes the life he has now is more rewarding and fulfilling than the life and loves at the court he left behind. Suddenly, the court is notified that the city is ablaze, and Merivel races back to the city to retrieve his infant daughter from the flames. He is unable to find her, and falling through burning wood, Merivel lands in a small row boat, unconscious, and is floated by the river current away from the city. When he awakens, he is being cared for by Will Gates back at Bidnold. As Merivel recovers from his fall, he cannot recover from his failure to protect his young daughter from harm, when suddenly the King arrives at the house with his entourage. He informs Merivel that he has discovered the doctor's true identity, and that he was impressed with the man Merivel had become. With that, the King steps aside to reveal a nurse holding Margaret safely in her arms. For his courage and good work done in treating the victims of the plague, the King once again gives Bidnold to Merivel, stating that this time it will never be taken away. The film ends with Merivel returning to London, to set up a new hospital with help from the King.
Hard Promises	American	drama	Martin Davidson	A man who dislikes stable work environments has been away for too many years when he finds out that his wife had divorced him and is planning to remarry. He comes home to confront her, trying to convince her not to get married, aided by their daughter, who loves him despite his wandering ways. The couple finds out they still have feelings for each other but must decide how best to handle the contradiction of their lifestyles.
Easy Virtue	British	drama	Alfred Hitchcock	In 1926, Larita Filton (Isabel Jeans) testifies at her divorce. In a flashback, her husband, a drunken brute named Aubrey Filton (Franklin Dyall), is getting drunk in an artist's studio, as Mrs. Filton's portrait is being painted. The painter, Claude Robson (Eric Bransby Williams), is smitten with Larita. He sends her a letter asking her to leave the physically abusive Mr. Filton, and marry him. She rejects Claude's advances and is pushing him away when Aubrey walks in on them. She appears to be embracing Claude. Aubrey confronts Claude. Claude fires a gun, but misses Aubrey. Aubrey begins to beat Claude severely with his walking cane. In the struggle, Claude shoots Aubrey. Two servants enter and, seeing Claude with the gun, run for the police. In the next frame, the police are kneeling over Claude's lifeless body. Larita is holding her wounded husband lovingly in her lap. He picks up the letter from Claude. Aubrey files for divorce on the grounds of adultery. The jury rejects Larita's testimony and instead decides in Aubrey's favor, in large part because Larita is quite attractive, and Claude had written a will leaving her his entire fortune to another man's wife! As Larita leaves the courtroom, she hides her face from photographers trying to take her picture. Larita leaves for the French Riviera to avoid continued unwanted attention. As she registers at the hotel, she remembers all the media frenzy around her, and at the last second, changes the name she registers under to Larita Grey. She is happy there, living anonymously. One day, at a tennis match, she is struck in the eye by the tennis ball of a rich younger man, John Whittaker (Robin Irvine). He apologises profusely and takes her for medical treatment. He soon asks Larita to marry him. She protests that surely he must want to know more about her first. He responds that all he need know is that he loves her. They marry and return to England to meet his family. While John's father likes Larita very much, his mother strongly disapproves even before meeting her. John's mother believes she recognises Larita, but cannot place her. She questions John about Larita and chastises him for marrying someone about whom he knows nothing. John begs his mother to be kind to her for his sake. However, she is only kind to Larita in public. Privately, she tries to turn everyone against Larita. As John's mother continues to make her life miserable, Larita begs John to return to the South of France where they were happy. He asks why she cannot be happy in England. She tells him his family hates her, and that they are teaching him to hate her too. Later that day, John admits to his old girlfriend that his mother has helped him see that he made a huge mistake marrying Larita. Unknown to him, Larita overhears him. John's sister sees Larita's picture in the papers. In the caption, Larita is identified as the former Mrs. Filton. John's sister shows her mother. Mrs. Whittaker confronts Larita in front of the family, stating, In our world, we do not understand this code of easy virtue, as she thrusts the magazine under Larita's nose. Larita responds that indeed they do not understand much of anything. Mrs. Whittaker, fearing scandal and gossip about her family, tries to intimidate Larita into staying in her room during the party the family is hosting that same evening. Instead, Larita makes a grand entrance. However, Larita confides to a friend that she will leave John so he can obtain a divorce. Before leaving, she tells the old girlfriend, Sarah (Enid Stamp Taylor), whom his mother had thought a suitable match for John, and who has been quite kind to her, Sarah - YOU ought to have married John. Larita sits anonymously in the court gallery, weeping, as she watches John's uncontested divorce. A reporter recognises her. As she exits the court, photographers are waiting for her. This time, she does not flee. Instead, she exclaims to the throng of photographers, Shoot! There's nothing left to kill.
The Lost Hours	British	drama	David MacDonald	An American returns for a reunion in the United Kingdom, where he served as a pilot during the Second World War, but finds himself framed for a murder he didn't commit.
The Woman in the Hall	British	drama	Jack Lee	Lorna Blake (Ursula Jeans) is a widow with two daughters. She augments her slender income by using her children to extort money, visiting the houses of the rich to tell a pathetic story and beg for help. Lorna makes a rich capture when Sir Halmar Bernard (Cecil Parker) proposes marriage to her. She tells him that she has only one daughter, Molly (Jill Freud, credited as Jill Raymond). When her other daughter, Jay (Jean Simmons), is arrested for forging a cheque, Lorna refuses to help her.
Cold Feet	American	drama	Robert Dornhelm	Kenny, a psycho-killer with mommy issues, Monte, a charming crooked cowboy & Maureen, Monte's beautiful oversexed wife to be, steal some jewels and attempt to smuggle them across the border. But they had to hide them where else... in a horse. But Monte isn't the sharing or the marrying type of person. To prove it, he saddles up, steals the horse and the jewels, & heads for his brother Buck's ranch in Montana. When both Kenny & Maureen see that Monte ran off with the horse & jewels, they go after their partner in crime across the country in hot pursuit.
Reflections	British	drama	Kevin Billington	The film follows the adventures of an aspiring biographer of Isaac Newton who rents a rural retreat in the south of Ireland to write an in-depth treatment of an obscure and disturbing letter Newton sent in 1693 to John Locke. He becomes involved with two women: Ottilie Garinger and her aunt, Charlotte. The presence of Charlotte's husband, Edward Lawless, creates a romantic triangle-plus-one.
In Love We Trust	Chinese	drama	Wang Xiaoshuai	The film follows a divorced couple living in modern-day China who discover that their daughter is dying of leukemia. Doctors inform them, however, that the child can only be saved with stem cells from an umbilical cord of a sibling. Unfortunately both parents have since remarried. The film follows the emotional strain that this development brings to both marriages.
Hidden City	British	drama	Stephen Poliakoff	Infuriated by receiving the wrong piece of film, statistician James Richards (Dance) arranges for the researcher who made the mistake, Sharon Newton (Stuart), to be sacked. When she realises that he is responsible, Sharon contacts James and demands his help. She has obtained a mysterious piece of film which, while superficially a collection of street scenes, seems to show the abduction of a woman. The film abruptly cuts off, instructing the viewer to see The Hedgerows of England. As this film has been registered classified by the Ministry of Defence, Sharon, obsessed by the identity of the woman, needs James, with his official credentials, to help her find it. James tracks down the location of the film, but a visit to an old tram depot and an archive beneath Oxford Street proves frustrating, as the film has now been moved. He and Sharon chase it to a landfill site, where they notice a police presence, and then to the incinerator at Edmonton, where they manage to rescue it before it is burned. But upon viewing the film, they find that it is very poor quality, revealing only a dark image of a woman in front of some kind of tribunal. A card at the end tells them that the next film to look for is called Hop-Picking in Kent. James is not entirely unhappy to find his comfortable life disrupted by the search for the film, and wakes up, after a drunken evening spent at a video duplication service, at Sharon's house, where he discovers that she has a young daughter. Needing to go out to work, she leaves her daughter with James. Taking the baby out to meet his ex-wife, James is cornered by two officials, who beat him up and demand to know the whereabouts of something he has found. Shaken, he goes to see his City friend Anthony (Paterson), who advises him to go home and forget about it. But Anthony also drops a hint that he too has been questioned, and James realises that he is in serious danger. Returning to his house, he finds it has been searched and realises that the officials want some medical records which he idly picked up from the landfill site. After an unexpected encounter with them, James manages to escape and is reunited with a distressed Sharon, who has been worried about her daughter. Meanwhile, a friend of Sharon's does some illicit searching for her in the archives and discovers the film Hop-Picking In Kent. Within the bland information film is a full version of the mysterious film, featuring a different woman along with a man. Some kind of emergency has occurred and left the participants dead. Moving forward in time, the film documents the birth of an abruptly aborted government project named Magnificat. The women from the original film then reappears, sitting in a location which James recognises: an official building which has re-opened as a café. The film ends with the woman reunited with a horribly scarred man and confronting the cameraman, asking why he is filming. James suggests that this was the result of an accident with nuclear power which has been hushed up and that the café was once a secure convalescent unit. He also wonders why the film was made in the first place. James and Sharon decide to keep the film secret and he throws the offending medical records into a bin. Meanwhile, somewhere in London, a cleaner has her break in an isolated room where the remnants of Project Magnificat are still stored.
Moonlighting	British	drama	Jerzy Skolimowski	Arriving in London from Warsaw in December 1981 are master electrician Nowak, who understands the language but not the inhabitants, with three workmen who know no English. Their task is to gut and renovate a house, for which they have brought what tools they can carry, while Nowak has cash to buy materials. Since the whole operation is illegal, Nowak keeps them working indoors while he goes out to get food and supplies. As his money runs out, he takes to stealing so that the four can survive. In the meantime, Poland is undergoing the traumas of demonstrations and strikes followed by the declaration of martial law, banning of Solidarity and mass arrests. All this Nowak conceals from the men, in order to finish the job. With no money left, they have a six-hour walk to the airport and a flight home to an uncertain future.
I Believe in You	British	drama	Basil Dearden	Henry Phipps a retired Colonial Serviceman takes on the job of a probation officer, and finds it a challenge. Various characters lives are examined as Phipps and his colleagues attempt to reform (amongst others), a hardened criminal and a juvenile delinquent.[1][3]
Mahanagar@Kolkata	Bengali	drama	Tanmoy Sengupta	Director Suman Mukhopadhyay has strung three stories of Nabarun Bhattacharya Ek Tukro Nyloner Dori, Amar Kono Bhoy Nei Toh and Angshik Chandragrahan to create this film. The story of the film revolves around the people and their life of Kolkata metropolitan city.[1] The film explores the different worlds of Manmatha, Jagadish, Biren, Rohit, Rongili and Kamalini. Manmatha and Jagadish belong to different economic and social class. Biren is jobless. Rohit is an NRI, Kamalini is wife of Rohit. Rohit has a relationship with Rangili, another woman.[3]
Old Gringo	American	drama	Luis Puenzo	American schoolteacher Harriet Winslow (Jane Fonda) goes to Mexico to work as a governess for the Miranda family, and becomes caught up in the Mexican revolution. Mexicans transporting her from Chihuahua, secretly soldiers of Pancho Villa's army, use her luggage to smuggle weapons to the servants at the Miranda hacienda. The servants in turn aid the attacking revolutionary army of General Tomas Arroyo (Jimmy Smits). During the attack, a sardonic Old Gringo, American author Ambrose Bierce (Gregory Peck), joins the fighting on the side of the revolutionaries; he operates a railway switch that sends a railroad flatcar laden with explosives to its target. After the Miranda hacienda is taken, Winslow becomes romantically attracted alternately to Bierce and then Arroyo. Bierce has come to Mexico to die in anonymity; he feels that his fifty years as a writer have won him praise only for his style, not for the truth that he's tried to tell. Arroyo, by contrast, has returned to the hacienda where he was born. His father was a Miranda who had raped his peasant mother. Later in his youth, Arroyo murdered his father. While his army enjoys previously unknown luxuries on the war-damaged palatial estate, Arroyo becomes obsessed with his past. Transfixed by childhood memories of his family buried there, he fails to move his army when ordered by Villa. To bring Arroyo to his senses and avert a mutiny of his officers, Bierce burns papers that the illiterate Arroyo considers sacred—papers that supposedly entitle the peasants to the hacienda land. Arroyo responds by shooting Bierce in the back, killing him. Bierce dies in Winslow's arms. Winslow goes to the U.S. embassy in Mexico to claim Bierce's body and bring it back to the United States. She claims that he was her long-lost father. This puts Villa in a predicament because a U.S. citizen was murdered by one of his generals. Wishing to avoid American meddling in the revolution, he has Winslow sign a statement that her father had joined the revolution and was executed for disobeying orders, as was General Arroyo who had shot him, and that she witnessed both executions. She signs the statement, is provided with the coffin bearing Bierce's body, and witnesses the execution of Arroyo.
The Hireling	British	drama	Alan Bridges	Set in and around Bath, Somerset, immediately after the First World War, the story opens at an expensive mental clinic in the country where the young and recently widowed Lady Franklin is being discharged. The owner of a smart hire car, former sergeant-major Ledbetter, chauffeurs her to her unsympathetic mother in Bath. Hired to take her on outings, he becomes the only person she can talk to as she slowly lifts out of deep depression. When he takes her to a boxing night at a boys club that he helps to run, she meets another committee member, the young former officer Cantrip. Like Ledbetter he is struggling to return to normality, in his case politics, after his traumatic experiences in the war. Cantrip starts wooing the wealthy Lady Franklin while still sleeping with his lover Connie, who is probably a war widow. Ledbetter's mental equilibrium becomes progressively more fragile. His business is failing, his casual relationship with the waitress Doreen brings no joy, his now deep affection for Lady Franklin is no longer returned and his rage against his more successful rival is intensified by Cantrip's concealed involvement with Connie. When he finally confronts Cantrip and Lady Franklin together, they tell him that he has no place in their lives because they have become engaged. Leaping into his Rolls-Royce car and swigging frequently from a bottle of alcohol, he drives away in a suicidal rage.
3 Nights in the Desert	American	drama	Gabriel Cowan	The drama follows three estranged friends who reunite to celebrate turning 30 years old, while also reminiscing about how they almost made it as a rock band.
Romulus, My Father	Australian	drama	Richard Roxburgh	The film tells the story of Romulus Gaiţă, a Romanian immigrant to Australia after World War II and his struggle in the face of great adversity to bring up his son, Raimond. As close family members die around him Raimond has to deal with the deterioration of his father's mental health. It is a story of impossible love that ultimately celebrates the unbreakable bond between father and son.
What Happened Was	American	drama	Tom Noonan	It depicts two people, played by Karen Sillas and Tom Noonan, on a first date; their conversation gradually reveals their lonely lives and hidden personalities.
Same Kind of Different as Me	American	drama	Michael Carney	After Ron Hall (Greg Kinnear), a selfish successful art dealer, admits to cheating on her, his wife Deborah (Renée Zellweger) forces him to volunteer at a homeless shelter. There Denver Moore (Djimon Hounsou), a homeless ex-convict, helps him to change his life.
Pure Country	American	drama	Christopher Cain	The film begins with various shots of the audience chanting Dusty!, which is repeated throughout. Meanwhile, the band begins, as the smoke and the lights are turned on, we see Wyatt Dusty Chandler (George Strait) entering the stage, and performing Heartland, Baby Your Baby, and a shortened version of Where the Sidewalk Ends. Dusty feels that his elaborate stage show is overwhelming his music, a suspicion confirmed one night when he purposely forgets several bars of a chart-topping hit, Where the Sidewalk Ends. When his fans don't even notice, Dusty cuts the performance short. After the concert, Dusty has a conversation with his drummer, and best friend, Earl. They reminisce on when they were kids, a time much simpler. Without telling his manager, Lula (Lesley Ann Warren), he decides to take a walk, but does not say exactly where he is going or for how long. After shaving his beard and cutting off his ponytail, Dusty heads for the small farm town where he grew up, visiting his wise old grandmother (Molly McClure). Later that day, he visits a bar where he and Earl played prior to making it big. That evening, Dusty hangs around for some relaxation and discovers Harley Tucker (Isabelle Glasser) dancing and smiling at Dusty. Al, (Mark Walters), Harley's drunk and rugged friend, get into an argument in the parking lot over Dusty, who neither have ever seen or met. Dusty, while drunk, comes to assist Harley with Al, who won't stop bothering her. Al punches Dusty and he falls to the ground. Harley brings him home, a reward for defending her honor. While Dusty is enjoying his new freedom, he misses his concert in Shreveport. A desperate Lula dresses her boyfriend Buddy Jackson (Kyle Chandler) into Dusty's outfit, and has him go on stage and lip-sync to Dusty’s tracks. Covered by lights and smoke the gimmick works. He stays on at the ranch, paying room and board and taking roping lessons, all the while earning the respect of Harley's father, Ernest (Rory Calhoun). Ernest confides in Dusty that he is forced to slowly sell pieces of the ranch. Harley is determined to save the struggling spread with victory in a Las Vegas rodeo. Buddy confronts Lula after his performance and demands $100,000 and a recording contract or he will tell the media about Dusty's no-show. Buddy, is not granted his wishes, so he tells all the media outlets that Lula offered him the money and contract to keep imitating Dusty, which clearly is a lie. Lula, realizing she’s in trouble, reaches out to Earl to find Dusty. She then follows him to Dusty’s location. Realizing he has feelings for Harley and will not leave, she tells her he’s married to her. Harley dumps Dusty and Lula is waiting to scoop Dusty up to return to his band and career. Now back with his band, he demands that his stage shows be toned down, without all the smoke and elaborate lighting of which he had grown weary. Dusty wants Buddy Jackson found so he can confront him about what he told the media. Dusty meets with Buddy and confronts him about the lie he told the press. Dusty threatens to sue Buddy if he ever shows his face in country music again and Buddy leaves. Lula is grateful for his intervention to which Dusty brings up Harley’s Name. His first appearance after his vacation is in Las Vegas at the same time as the rodeo Harley Tucker is competing in. Lula secretly arranges for Harley and her family to get tickets to Dusty's Show. Once seated she sends an attendant to get Harley where she admits the truth to her. True to his wishes, he does the show without all the smoke and the lights, and sits on the edge of the stage, playing guitar and singing I Cross My Heart, a special live song he has composed for her, which wins him Harley's forgiveness. The film ends with the two hugging at the edge of the stage, and then the credits roll with the song She Lays it All on the Line.
Khushboo	Bollywood	drama	Gulzar	Kusum, as a child, gets married to Vrindavan in a small ceremony. After some time, her father dies in a riot and blame erroneously comes to Vrindavan's father. Due to this, Vrindavan's father rejects Kusum to be his daughter-in-law. Kusum, along with her brother and mother moves to a different village away from Vrindavan's family. Now they grow up and Kusum (Hema Malini) considers herself as the wife of Vrindavan and refuses to marry anyone else. Eventually, her mother dies and her brother Kunj (Asrani) stays single as he doesn't want to marry until he sends his sister to her in-laws. On the other side, Vrindavan's (Jeetendra) father dies and he becomes a doctor. Oblivious to Kusum's feelings, he goes on to marry another girl, Lakhi (Sharmila Tagore), who was also a victim of child marriage and has no one now. They have a son, Charan (Master Raju) and Lakhi dies after some time due to illness. He moves to his own village and starts a practice there. Once he happens to visit a wealthy patient in Kusum's village where Kusum recognizes him, though he fails to as he only knows her pet name, not real name. Gradually, they come closer and Vrindavan's mother is happy to accept Kusum as her daughter-in-law. But misunderstandings develop because Kusum considers them insensitive as they not only forgot what they had done to her family, but also take her for granted now. But Vrindavan, having a soft corner for her still wishes that she would come to him. Kusum grows close to his son Charan and keeps him with her during endemic in Vrindavan's village. Finally, Vrindavan and Kusum are able to overcome egoistic barriers and unite with the blessings of her brother, Brindavan's mother and little Charan.
The Roman Spring of Mrs. Stone	British	drama	José Quintero	Karen Stone (Vivien Leigh), an acclaimed American stage actress, and her businessman husband are off on holiday to Rome. On the plane, her husband suffers a fatal heart attack. Karen decides to stay in Italy and rent a luxury apartment in Rome. The Contessa Magda Terribili-Gonzales (Lotte Lenya) soon introduces her to a young Italian man, Paolo (Warren Beatty), who is actually a highly paid professional gigolo. Karen and Paolo begin an affair, but it soon becomes obvious that Paolo is in it only for personal gain. He is soon bored by Mrs. Stone and leaves her to pursue a young American film actress (Jill St. John). Ridiculed by the Contessa, chastised by her friend Meg (Coral Browne) and abandoned by Paolo, Mrs. Stone is soon utterly debased enough to surrender herself to a ragged, mysterious young man who has been following her obsessively. In the end, it seems as if Mrs. Stone has literally given up her life.
Ghetuputra Kamola	Bangladeshi	drama	Humayun Ahmed	The story takes place 150 years ago during colonial era in a village Jalshuka, Habibganj. During that time a musical group was created called Ghetugaan where young boys danced in female clothings; those dancers were called Ghetu. Soon they became famous among people but the landlords wanted them for sexual desires and the theory of gay marriage was recognized in the society. The Ghetus were used to get hired for the flood season. The story is about a teenage boy who is hired by a colonial era landlord to entertain his sexual desires until the annual flood is over.
Mr. Holland's Opus	American	drama	Stephen Herek	In Portland, Oregon in 1965, Glenn Holland is a talented musician and composer who has been relatively successful in the exhausting life of a professional musical performer. However, in an attempt to enjoy more free time with his young wife, Iris, and to enable him to compose a piece of orchestral music, the 30-year-old Holland accepts a teaching position at John F. Kennedy High School. Unfortunately for Holland, he is soon forced to realize that his position as a music teacher makes him a marginalized figure in the faculty's hierarchy. Many of his colleagues, and some in Kennedy High's administration, including the school's vice principal Gene Wolters, resent Holland and question the value and importance of music education given the school's strained budget. However, he quickly begins to win many of his colleagues over. Holland finds success using rock and roll as a way to make classical music more accessible to his students. Holland's lack of quality time with Iris becomes problematic when their son, Cole, is found to be deaf. Holland reacts with hostility to the news that he can never teach the joys of music to his own child. Iris willingly learns American Sign Language to communicate with her son, but Holland resists. This causes further estrangement within his family. As the years progress, Holland grows closer to his students at Kennedy High and more distant from his own son. He addresses a series of challenges created by people who are either hesitant or hostile towards the concept of musical excellence within the walls of the average American high school. He inspires numerous students, but never has private time for himself or his family, delaying the completion of his own orchestral composition. Eventually, he reaches an age when it is too late to have a realistic chance of finding financial backing, or ever having it performed. In 1995, the adversaries of the Kennedy High music program win a decisive institutional victory. Wolters, now promoted to principal, works with the board of education to eliminate funding for music along with other fine arts programs, thus leading to Holland's early retirement. Holland realizes that his career in music is likely over, thinking that his former students have mostly forgotten him and is dejected at his failure ever to have his composition, which he views as his life's work, performed. On his final day as a teacher, Holland enters the school auditorium, where his professional life is surprisingly redeemed. Hearing that their beloved teacher is retiring, hundreds of his former students have secretly returned to the school to celebrate his life. Holland's orchestral piece, never before heard in public, has been put before the musicians by his wife and son. One of his most musically challenged students, Gertrude Lang, now the Governor of Oregon, takes the podium and explains to Holland that the symphony he wrote is not his only legacy... it's the people he has inspired and taught, all of the people he has helped to make a better person, that is his true legacy. Gov. Lang then sits among the musicians with her clarinet, but not before asking Holland to step on up on stage and serve as their conductor for the premiere performance of Mr. Holland's Opus (The American Symphony). A proud Iris and Cole look on, appreciating the affection and respect that Holland receives.
Chokh	Bengali	drama	Utpalendu Chakrabarty	The film is set in during the Emergency period in December 1975. Jadunath a labour union leader, of Jethia Jute Mill in Kolkata has been given death sentence, for the murders of owner Jethia’s brother, and another worker, even though he never committed them. Before dying, he pledges his eyes for donation. However, when the mill owner finds about this, he tries to manoeuvre the medical system to get both the eyes for his blind son. Meanwhile, the doctor discovers that the donation papers provided by the Jethia to be fake. Soon the mill workers get united behind the widow of Jadunath and hold protest rally against the injustice.
The Sun Will Never Set (La Tutf'e al-Shams) 	Egyptian	drama	Salah Abu Seif	An aristocratic family is torn down after the death of its patriarch. He leaves alone his widow wife and five of his daughters and sons. His eldest son, Ahmed (Shukry Sarhan), takes the role of the man in the house and helps his mother take care of his brother and sisters. Mamdouh (Ahmed Ramzy), his brother, is a self-centered man who refuses to follow his brother's step and decides to make his own decisions in his life. Meanwhile, despite restricting social conventions, Layla (Faten Hamama) falls in love with her piano teacher, a married man who is years older than she is, and marries him. The other two daughters accept their conditions and move on. Layla and Mamdouh's impetuous decisions result in unfortunate consequences. Layla divorces her husband shortly after their marriage and Mamdouh dies in a car accident after a quarrel. Ahmed finds the strength to face his brother's death and enrolls in the army to fight in the war. His sister falls in love with another soldier in the war, and Ahmed himself falls in love with a woman and marries her.[3][4]
The Leather Boys	British	drama	Sidney J. Furie	Working class cockney teenagers Dot (Rita Tushingham) and biker Reggie (Colin Campbell) get married. Their marriage soon turns sour. During an unsuccessful honeymoon at a holiday camp Reggie becomes alienated from the brassy and self-absorbed Dot. Afterwards, they begin to live increasingly separate lives as Reggie becomes more involved with his biker friends, especially the eccentric Pete (Dudley Sutton). Reggie also loses interest in having sex with Dot. When Reggie's grandfather dies, Dot merely complains that his support for his bereaved grandmother (Gladys Henson) has stopped them visiting the cinema. Her boorish behaviour at the funeral and her refusal to move in with Reggie's grandmother leads to a major argument. She leaves and Reggie stays with his gran, who will not leave her own house. He brings in Pete, who has been forced to leave his lodgings, to stay as a lodger with her. The two share a bed at her house. Meanwhile Dot shows an interest in Brian (Johnny Briggs), another biker. The following day Pete and Reggie drive to the seaside. Reggie wants them to chat up a couple of girls, but Pete shows no interest. Reggie intends to return to Dot. Dot herself has already hatched a plan to get him back by pretending to be pregnant. Dot is sitting with Brian when she tells Reggie of her pregnancy. Believing he can't be the father, Reggie accuses Brian and the two fight. Reggie knocks out Brian. Dot visits Reggie's gran's house and learns that he is sharing a bed with Pete. She taunts them, calling them queers. Reggie is disturbed by this, and asks Pete to deny that he is homosexual, but Pete avoids answering. The bikers organise a race from London to Edinburgh and back in which Reggie, Pete and Brian all take part. Dot rides with Brian. When Brian's bike breaks down, Reggie carries Dot on his. Dot admits she is not pregnant. The two start to rekindle their relationship. When they get back, Pete manages to separate Reggie from Dot, taking him to the pub. They come back to their room drunk. When Pete passes out, Reggie sits up thinking. The following morning he decides to return to Dot. Pete gets upset, and says he can't understand why Reggie would want to return to Dot, since they get on so much better. He says they should go to America together. Reggie says that he needs a woman. He returns to Dot, but discovers her in bed with Brian. In despair, he meets up with Pete and says he wishes to leave for America as soon as possible. Pete says he can get them passage working on a ship. While Pete is arranging things, he leaves Reggie in a pub, which turns out to be a gay bar. Reggie realises that the clientele are gay when one starts chatting him up. When Pete walks in they all recognise him and Reggie suddenly understands that Pete too is gay. He leaves.
Checkered Flag	American	drama	John Glen, Michael Levine	Race car driver Mike Reardon and mechanic Tommy Trehearn are the best of friends whose friendship is damaged, however, when Reardon's girlfriend Chris ends up falling for Trehearn. Years later, Trehearn and Chris are married with children and move to Arizona when Trehearn is selected to be a mechanic for a new racing team, of which Reardon also happens to be a part.
Flirting	Australian	drama	John Duigan	Danny, now an awkward, underdeveloped 17-year-old, has been sent away by his parents to the all-male St. Albans boarding school in rural New South Wales, Australia, in the hopes he won’t become a delinquent. The year is 1965 and it has been some time since Danny has had any romantic relationship with a girl (his former love, Freya, from The Year My Voice Broke, left him at the end of the first film). Danny is the butt of jokes because of his stutter and long nose (for which he is nicknamed Bird). His only friend is Gilbert. At a school rugby game, he meets and slowly becomes interested in Thandiwe, a Ugandan-Kenyan-British girl (Ugandan father and Kenyan-British mother) attending the all-girls Cirencester Ladies’ College across the lake, while her father, a political activist, is lecturing at university in Canberra. They later meet at a debate between the two schools, and covertly during a school dance. She is punished for leaving the dance without permission and is given chores by the prefect, Nicola. Thandiwe is later befriended by Melissa and Janet. Throughout the course of the school year, they foster a budding romance, despite the overbearing regulations inflicted upon them – specifically racial politics and social conventions (Thandiwe is often regarded by the school authorities as rebellious and overtly sexual). After the performance of the musical, Danny introduces his parents to Thandiwe and her parents. They later decide to return to Uganda in response to the political turmoil there. Soon Thandiwe decides to return too, and lies about her true departure date, in order to spend the night in a motel with Danny. They are discovered, leading to his expulsion. Thandiwe writes him regularly from Uganda, but then the letters stop coming. One day a letter arrives from Nairobi saying she is finally safe there.
Daughters of the Dust	American	drama	Julie Dash	Daughters of the Dust is set in 1902 among the members of the Peazant family, Gullah islanders who live at Ibo Landing on St. Simons Island, off the Georgia coast.[5] Their ancestors were brought there as enslaved people centuries ago, and the islanders developed a language and culture that was creolized from West Africans of Ibo, Yoruba, Kikongo, Mende, and Twi origin.[6] Developed in their relative isolation of large plantations on the islands, the enslaved peoples' unique culture and language have endured over time. Their dialogue is in Gullah creole.[5] Narrated by the Unborn Child, the future daughter of Eli and Eula, whose voice is influenced by accounts of her ancestors, the film presents poetic visual images and circular narrative structures to represent the past, present and future for the Gullah, the majority of whom are about to embark for the mainland and a more modern way of life. The old ways are represented by community matriarch Nana Peazant, who practices African and Caribbean spiritual rituals and who says of the Unborn Child, We are two people in one body. The last of the old and the first of the new. Contrasting cousins, Viola, a devout Christian, and Yellow Mary, a free spirit who has brought her lover, Trula, from the city, arrive at the island by canoe from their homes on the mainland for a last dinner with their family. Yellow Mary plans to leave for Nova Scotia after her visit. Mr. Snead, a mainland photographer, accompanies Viola and takes portraits of the islanders before they leave their way of life forever. Intertwined with these narratives is the marital rift between Eli and his wife Eula, who is about to give birth after being raped by a white man on the mainland. Eli struggles with the fact that the unborn child may not be his. Several other family members' stories unfold between these narratives. They include Haagar, a cousin who finds the old spiritual beliefs and provincialism of the island backwards, and is impatient to leave for a more modern society with its educational and economic opportunities. Her daughter Iona longs to be with her secret lover St. Julien Lastchild, a Native American, who will not leave the island. While the women prepare a traditional meal for the feast, which includes okra, yams and shellfish prepared at the beach, the men gather nearby in groups to talk. The children and teenagers practice religious rites on the beach and have a Bible-study session with Viola. Bilal Muhammad leads a Muslim prayer. Nana evokes the spirits of the family's ancestors who worked on the island's indigo plantations. Eula and Eli reveal the history and folklore of the slave uprising and mass suicide at Igbo Landing. The Peazant family members make their final decisions to leave the island for a new beginning, or stay behind and maintain their way of life.
Khuda Gawah	Bollywood	drama	Mukul S. Anand	During a Buzkashi competition with a neighbouring tribe in Afghanistan, Badshah Khan (Amitabh Bachchan) falls in love with Benazir (Sridevi) and wants to marry her. Benazir agrees to marry him, on the condition that he must bring her the head of Habibullah, who killed her father. Badshah Khan goes to India to search for Habibullah. He finds Habibullah in a prison and breaks him out to take him back. He has the jailor Ranveer Singh (Vikram Gokhale) on his trail. He chops off Habibullah's head. When confronted by Ranveer, he tells him that he would be back in a month to receive punishment for taking Habibullah. Badshah goes back to Afghanistan and marries Benazir; after the time limit, he comes back to India and surrenders himself to Ranveer Singh, who he addresses as Rajput Khan and is jailed for five years. While Badshah Khan is away, his childhood friend Khuda Baksh (Danny Denzongpa) assumes the role of a guardian for Benazir. To avenge Habibullah's death, his brother Pasha (Kiran Kumar) kidnaps the daughter of jailor Ranveer, Heena, in return for Badshah. Badshah finds out about this and escapes from jail; he confronts Pasha, only to have Inspector Aziz Mirza (Bharat Kapoor) kill Ranveer Singh. With Ranveer Singh's daughter as a pawn in Pasha's hands, Badshah admits to killing Ranveer Singh and is sentenced to 15 years. When Aziz's wife (who thinks of Badshah as her brother) visits him, she ends up killing her husband to protect Badshah, but Badshah takes the blame for that murder as well, since he believes that her son Raja needs her. At that time, Benazir sends Khuda Baksh to check on Badshah. Due to his very long stay in prison, Badshah makes Khuda Baksh promise to take care of his daughter Mehndi and tell his wife Benazir that he is now dead so that she can move on rather than wait for him. Benazir goes mad when she hears the news that her husband is dead. On coming out of prison, Badshah meets with his now grown daughter, Mehndi (also Sridevi), who has found out that her father is still alive and has come to India to look for her father; the daughter of Ranveer Singh, Heena (Shilpa Shirodkar), who is also in the police force and knows all about Badshah's past and respects him as her uncle; and the son of Inspector Aziz Mirza, Inspector Raja Mirza (Nagarjuna), who has found out that it was Badshah who had killed his father and is out for vengeance. In a twist of fate, Raja is in love with Mehndi, even though he wants to kill her father. In this are added old enemies and rivalries when Pasha, now a major crime lord, gets involved. Benazir and Khuda Baksh are kidnapped by him. The truth is eventually revealed to Raja about his father, and he joins of hands with Badshah and Heena to beat their mutual enemy.
Subah-o-Shyam	Bollywood	drama	Tapi Chanakya	The film is based in Tehran, Iran. The lead character, Aarun played by Iranian actor Mohammad Ali Fardin, falls in love with a beautiful dancer Shirin (Waheeda Rehman). Due to her dubious profession, Aarun and his brother Naseer (Sanjeev Kumar) decide to lie about her origins to their mother. Unfortunately, she finds out the truth and forbids Shirin from marrying her son. Aarun, believing Shirin has changed her mind and refused to marry him, is angered and marries another woman, Nazneen. Only Naseer knows the truth of why Shirin refused to marry Aarun. Years later, Aarun and Nazneen's son, Romil, becomes best friends with a fatherless boy, Razzaq, who invites Aarun to his home. When Aarun goes to his house, he finds out that Razzaq is his and Shirin's own son. Following the death of Nazneen, Aarun finally manages to convince his mother to accept Razzaq as her grandson, and Shirin as his wife.
Banarasi Babu	Bollywood	drama	Shankar Mukherjee	Orphaned Sohan Lal is a wealthy businessman based in Bombay. While on vacation in Kashmir, he meets with beautiful Neela, and after a few misunderstandings both fall in love, and get married. When they return to Bombay, his Manager, V.K. Saxena asks him to travel to London for some business, which he does. Three months later when he returns home, he finds that Neela has not come to receive him at the airport, then on the way home, he is attacked, abducted, and placed in a cell, where a woman, Gulabiya, tells him that she is his sweetheart. With her help he manages to escape, has an accident, ends up in hospital, where he gets to meet a woman who calls him her son. Baffled and exasperated at these turn of events, he returns home to get a very cold response from Neela, who is about to inherit Rs.70 Lakhs from her deceased uncle. While Sohan decides to find out what exactly is going on, and why his life is in shambles, he does not know that this knowledge may well cost him his life.
Beautiful Kate	Australian	drama	Rachel Ward	Writer, Ned Kendall, is returning to the remote and isolated family home inhabited by his sister Sally, to say goodbye to his father, Bruce, who is dying. Ned also brings his fiancee, Toni, who has trouble getting used to the isolation and harshness of rural Australia. Ned starts reliving memories of his childhood, many involving his beautiful twin sister Kate, and his older brother Cliff. These memories awaken long-buried secrets from the family's past. He begins writing, and his fiance reads that he had an awkward sexual encounter with Kate, and leaves him without giving him a chance to explain. Kate continues to entice Ned despite his obvious revulsion, and after a drunken night out with friends, Ned goes for a swim in the family dam. He is joined by Kate, who seduces and subsequently has sex with him on the banks of the dam. Ned shows immediate remorse while Kate remains unperturbed. After Ned's refusal to have further sexual relations with Kate, Kate instigates a fight between the brothers by suggesting that Ned made unwanted advances towards her. As punishment, Bruce makes Ned accompany Kate to the Christmas dance. During the dance, Ned leaves Kate, and she is left to go home with Cliff. Ned leaves separately and on his way home he finds his sister's dead body in Cliff's crashed car, and then finds that Cliff has hanged himself. Fearing that Ned will tell Bruce the truth about Kate, Sally reveals that she knew of Ned and Kate's secret. She also reveals that the car's clock stopped on impact of the crash and no one could figure out what took Kate and Cliff so long to get home from the dance. Sally speculates that Kate also had sexual relations with Cliff, who then crashed the car in which Kate died. She tells Ned she believes that Cliff's guilt from his part in Kate's death was multiplied knowing he had committed incest. But Bruce still believes that Kate was an innocent victim, the best of his children, and she doesn't want him shattered with the truth. Ned then makes amends with Bruce and says that he is sorry for blaming him over Cliff's suicide. He doesn't tell Bruce the truth about Kate and lets him die still believing that Kate was everything he thought she was. Before he leaves, he tells Sally that Bruce died never knowing that she was his greatest achievement.
Emma	American	drama	Douglas McGrath	The film describes a year in the life of Emma Woodhouse (Gwyneth Paltrow), a congenial but naïve young woman who thinks of herself as a romantic matchmaker in her small community in early-19th-century England. When her governess, Miss Taylor (Greta Scacchi), gets married and goes to live with her new husband, Mr Weston (James Cosmo), Emma proudly takes the credit for having brought the couple together. Her father and their old family friend (and brother of Emma's sister's husband) George Knightley (Jeremy Northam) dispute her claim and disapprove of her trying to make more matches, but she ignores their warnings and sets her mind on setting up Mr Elton (Alan Cumming), the minister who performed the Westons' marriage ceremony, with Harriet Smith (Toni Collette), an unsophisticated young woman on the verges of society. As a close friendship develops between Emma and Harriet, it becomes clear that Harriet is being courted by Robert Martin (Edward Woodall), a farmer who has known Harriet since she was a girl. When Mr Martin proposes to Harriet, she is inclined to accept, but she has come to rely heavily on Emma's advice, and Emma persuades her to reject the proposal. Meanwhile, Mr Elton has been expressing a desire for Emma by taking an interest in a picture she drew of Harriet and by giving her a riddle for a book of riddles being compiled by Harriet. Emma misinterprets this as interest in Harriet, but when Mr Elton and Emma are alone, he fervently declares his love for Emma herself, and she finally realizes her mistake. She harshly rejects his pleas, and he later marries another woman, who turns out to be a vain socialite who competes with Emma for status in the community. Over the next few months, various gatherings show who loves whom among Emma's friends. Emma is briefly attracted to a charming, gallant young man named Frank Churchill (Ewan McGregor), Mr Weston's son who comes to visit from London, but Emma soon decides to set him up with Harriet. However, Frank is revealed to have a secret engagement with a shy, pretty woman named Jane Fairfax (Polly Walker). Harriet states that she has no interest in Frank, preferring Mr Knightley, who was the only man who would dance with her at a party. Mr Knightley only danced with Harriet out of politeness and has started to fall in love with Emma. The conclusion of the story begins when Emma ridicules a poor woman named Miss Bates (Sophie Thompson) during a picnic, after which Mr Knightley angrily scolds Emma and leaves town for a while. She finds herself thinking about him while he's away, but does not realize she loves him until Harriet expresses interest in him. When Mr Knightley returns, he and Emma cross paths in a meadow and have a conversation that begins awkwardly but ends with him asking her to marry him and her gladly accepting. The news of their engagement upsets Harriet, who avoids Emma for a while, but returns a few weeks later, engaged to Mr Martin. The film ends with Emma and Mr Knightley's wedding.
To Have and to Hold	British	drama	Godfrey Grayson	Following a riding accident, country gentleman Brian Harding (Patrick Barr) is crippled and facing imminent death. His final days are spent arranging the future security of his wife and daughter (Avis Scott & Eunice Gayson). This extends to encouraging his wife to developing one of her male friendships into a romantic relationship.
Fate Takes a Hand	British	drama	Max Varnel	The recovery of a mail bag stolen in a robbery 15 years before has varying consequences on the lives of five of the recipients of the letters, when the post office decide that the mail should be delivered. Several lives are changed, as witnessed by a newspaper reporter, accompanied by a post office security officer, who decide to follow up on several of the letters.
Not One Less	Chinese	drama	Zhang Yimou	Thirteen-year-old Wei Minzhi arrives in Shuiquan village to substitute for the village's only teacher (Gao Enman) while he takes a month's leave to care for his ill mother. When Gao discovers that Wei does not have a high school education and has no special talents, he instructs her to teach by copying his texts onto the board and then making the students copy them into their notebooks; he also tells her not to use more than one piece of chalk per day, because the village is too poor to afford more. Before leaving, he explains to her that many students have recently left school to find work in the cities, and he offers her a 10 yuan bonus if all the students are still there when he returns. When Wei begins teaching, she has little rapport with the students: they shout and run around instead of copying their work, and the class troublemaker, Zhang Huike, insists that she's not a teacher, she's Wei Chunzhi's big sister! After putting the lesson on the board, Wei usually sits outside, guarding the door to make sure no students leave until they have finished their work. Early in the month, a sports recruiter comes to take one athletic girl, Ming Xinhong, to a special training school; unwilling to let any students leave, Wei hides Ming, and when the village mayor (Tian Zhenda) finds her, Wei chases after their car in a futile attempt to stop them. One day, after trying to make the troublemaker Zhang apologize for bothering another student, Wei discovers that Zhang has left to go find work in the nearby city of Zhangjiakou. The village mayor is unwilling to give her money for a bus ticket to the city, so she resolves to earn the money herself, and recruits the remaining students to help. One girl suggests that they can make money by moving bricks in a nearby brickyard, and Wei begins giving the students mathematical exercises centered on finding out how much money they need to earn for the bus tickets, how many bricks they need to move, and how much time it will take. Through these exercises and working to earn money, her rapport with the class improves. After earning the money, she reaches the bus station but learns that the price is higher than she thought, and she cannot afford a ticket. Wei ends up walking most of the way to Zhangjiakou. In the city, Wei finds the people that Zhang was supposed to be working with, only to discover that they had lost him at the train station days before. She forces another girl her age, Sun Zhimei, to help her look for Zhang at the train station, but they do not find him. Wei has no success finding Zhang through the public address system and missing person posters, so she goes to the local television station to broadcast a missing person notice. The receptionist (Feng Yuying) will not let her in without valid identification, though, and says the only way she can enter is with permission from the station manager, whom she describes as a man with glasses. For the rest of the day, Wei stands by the station's only gate, stopping every man with glasses, but she does not find the station manager, and spends the night asleep on the street. The next day the station manager (Wu Wanlu) sees her at the gate again, through his window, and lets her in, scolding the receptionist for making her wait outside. Although Wei has no money to run an ad on TV, the station manager is interested in her story and decides to feature Wei in a talk show special about rural education. On the talk show, Wei is nervous and hardly says a word when the host (Li Fanfan) addresses her, but Zhang—who has been wandering the streets begging for food—sees the show. After Wei and Zhang are reunited, the station manager arranges to have them driven back to Shuiquan village, along with a truckload of school supplies and donations that viewers had sent in. Upon their return, they are greeted by the whole village. In the final scene, Wei presents the students with several boxes of colored chalk that were donated, and allows each student to write one character on the board. The film ends with a series of title cards that recount the actions of the characters after the film ends, and describe the problem of poverty in rural education in China.
Aamar Aami	Bengali	drama	Orko Sinha	Subroto(Biswanath Basu) comes from a middle-class background, a poet by heart but he is stuck with a LIC agent job to meet the basic needs and requirements of his family consisting of wife Sumita(Arunima Ghosh) and son Tutul(Ayush Das).He is philosophical yet practical, as he is aware of the fact that in today's world one cannot sustain himself or his family by writing poetry.Sumita is a housewife who once aspired to be an actress, but now content looking after her husband Subroto and son Tutul.Anirban(Rahul Banerjee) is a successful commercial film maker who makes remakes of south-Indian films but desires to make a film out of his own story and script someday. When Sumita meets her old flame Anirban, their relationship gets rekindled again and Anirban helps Sumita to realise her suppressed dream of becoming an actress.Soumya(Indrasish Roy) is an aspiring young photographer, but his engineering background and lack of experience prevents him from securing the job of a still photographer in the industry.Soumya lives with his college mate Hindol(Hindol Bhattacharjee)has a steady girlfriend Chandrima(Jhilik Bhattacharjee).Soumya finally gets a job but he had to make certain compromises to get it.The story follows with a series of incidents that affects the lives of Subroto, Sumita, Anirban, Soumya and Chandrima with arising inner conflicts and dilemmas and finally discovering of true desires and inner selves.
Portrait of Clare	British	drama	Lance Comfort	As told in flashback to her granddaughter: the three marriages of Clare Hingston. These are: a young man who is killed, a priggish lawyer and a sympathetic barrister.
Seventeen Years	Chinese	drama	Zhang Yuan	The film takes place in and around the city of Tianjin, in northeastern China. Two divorced singles (Liang Song and Le Yeping), marry, each bringing a daughter into their new home. Xiaolan (Li Jun), short haired is fiercely independent and wishes to work in a factory after she graduates from high school. Her stepsister, Xiaoqin (Liu Lin), is more intellectual, and wishes to enter a university. After a dispute over a mere 5 yuan that Xiaoqin accuses Xiaolan of stealing, Xiaolan hits her stepsister over the head. To the surprise of everyone, Xiaoqin succumbs to the injury and dies and Xiaolan is led to jail. The film then cuts seventeen years into the future. Xiaolan has been selected as one of the lucky inmates allowed a furlough during the New Year holiday. At the same time, a young prison guard, Chen Jie (Li Bingbing) is calling her mother to say that she will soon be returning home for the holiday. While waiting for the inmates to be picked up by their families, Chen Jie notices that soon only Xiaolan remains. In an act of charity, Chen Jie offers to help Xiaolan return home. Upon arriving at her old apartment, however, both women discover that the home has long since been torn down, and Xiaolan's parents moved to another part of the city. Chen Jie, however, is now determined that Xiaolan will spend the holiday with her family and the two set out in search of parents who may not want to see their only daughter...
Medicine Man	American	drama	John McTiernan	A pharmaceutical company sends biochemist Dr. Rae Crane (Bracco) into the Amazonian rainforest to locate researcher Robert Campbell (Connery), after his wife and research partner abandon him. Crane is bringing equipment and supplies, but Campbell is upset the research partner is not forthcoming. He tries to send Crane home, but she demurs, as she has been assigned to determine whether Campbell's research deserves continued funding. Campbell has found a cure for cancer, but attempts to synthesize the compound have failed. With supplies of the successful serum running low, Campbell isolates a derivative of a species of flower from which the formula can be synthesized and with Crane's help is determined to find its source. A logging company is building a road headed straight for the village, threatening to expose the native population to potentially lethal foreign pathogens, as has happened before. In fact, Campbell's wife left him because he could not forgive himself for the tragedy. A small boy appears with malignant neoplasms and Campbell, Crane, the boy, and his father set out in search of Campbell's predecessor, a medicine man from whom Campbell once acquired his knowledge of flowers. Upon encountering Campbell's entourage, the medicine man flees in fear. Though he is reluctant to pursue the man further, Crane convinces him circumstances demand that he must. Campbell rescues Crane from a fall, then locates the medicine man, whom he is compelled to fight in order to heal the medicine man's wounded pride and gain further necessary information. Unfortunately, the medicine man reveals that the flowers have no juju—power to heal. Father and son agree to return another time. Back at the village, Crane initially refuses to allow Campbell to inoculate the boy with the last of the serum until more can be synthesized. But when the boy's condition worsens, she gives in and the boy is inoculated. The next morning, the boy is better but the village is in tumult. The logging road is nearly finished. Campbell appeals to the company's workers to halt construction until he can conclude his research, but it refuses. In desperation and after new samples fail to contain the missing compound, Crane runs the chromatograph one more time and accidentally discovers that the source of the cure is not the flower but a species of rare ant indigenous to the rainforest. Campbell demands the construction stop. A fight results and a bulldozer catches fire, destroying the village and the research station along with many acres of rainforest. The next day, Crane promises to send Campbell new equipment and the research assistant he'd originally requested. She is about to return home when she meets the medicine man. He symbolically passes on his mantle to Campbell, and Crane accepts an invitation to continue working with him in exchange for recognition for co-discovering the source of the compound.
Dogs in Space	Australian	drama	Richard Lowenstein	Dogs in Space centers on a group of young music fans sharing a house in the inner Melbourne suburb of Richmond. Sam (Michael Hutchence) and Tim (Nique Needles) are the key members of a band called Dogs in Space, and share a house with a variety of social misfits, including Sam's girlfriend Anna (Saskia Post), a university student called Luchio (Tony Helou) and a transient and apparently nameless teenager known only as The Girl (Deanna Bond).[3] The film's minimal plot traces the day-to-day existence of the characters, particularly the relationship between Sam and Anna, and is largely made up of a sequence of party scenes involving live music and drug use. In between, there are trips to Ballarat (at the time, the closest town to Melbourne with a 24-hour convenience store) and humorous encounters with an aggressive neighbour (Joe Camilleri) and one character's fast-talking, chainsaw-wielding uncle (Chris Haywood), who simply turns up one afternoon with his family (the baby in this scene is Lowenstein's niece Robyn). There is also a minor incident in which the characters burn some rubbish in a plan to claim it as a piece of Skylab for a local radio station. In the end, the group's dysfunctional and hedonistic lifestyle claims a victim when Anna dies from a heroin overdose. Footage of Sputnik 2 is intercut with the narrative, focused largely on Laika (the first dog in space), and can also be seen on television in the background of several scenes.
Lok Parlok	Bollywood	drama	Tatineni Rama Rao	Amar lives a poor lifestyle along with his widowed mom in a village and has a sweetheart in Savitri. He is a trouble-maker and makes life difficult for the Panchayat Chair, Kalicharan, who also happens to be Savitri's father, so much so that Kalicharan hires Ram Shastri to kill Amar. After his passing, Amar enters Swarg Lok where he gets to meet with Devraj Indra and then Yamraj. Amar incites Yam Dhooths to go on a strike, as well as has Yamraj himself consider going on a vacation along with his assistant, Chitragupt Sharma. As a result, Yamraj and Chitragupt end up in modern-day Bombay as ordinary human beings, and people stop dying, while Amar himself is given back his life. But not for long, for soon he will be called upon to provide bail for a jailed Yamraj and Chitragupt, who will soon return to Swarg Lok and take him along too!!
Weirdos	Canadian	drama	Bruce McDonald	Kit (Dylan Authors) is a 15-year-old living in a small town in Nova Scotia with his single father (Allan Hawco) and grandmother (Cathy Jones). He is dating Alice (Julia Sarah Stone) despite being unsure of his own sexuality. Deciding that he wants to go live with his mother (Molly Parker) in Sydney, Kit enlists Alice's help to embark on a hitchhiking trip.Throughout the trip, Kit also has regular imaginary conversations with Andy Warhol (Rhys Bevan-John), who has appointed himself Kit's spirit animal.
Outbreak	American	drama	Wolfgang Petersen	In 1967, a virus called Motaba, which causes a deadly fever, is discovered in the African jungle. To keep the virus a secret, U.S. Army officers Donald McClintock and William Ford destroy the camp where soldiers were infected. Twenty-eight years later, Colonel Sam Daniels, a USAMRIID virologist, is sent to investigate an outbreak in Zaire. He and his crew—Lieutenant Colonel Casey Schuler and new recruit Major Salt—gather information and return to the United States. Ford, now a brigadier general and Daniels' superior officer, dismisses the latter's fears that the virus will spread. Betsy, a white-headed capuchin monkey that is host to the virus, is smuggled into the country. James Jimbo Scott, a worker at an animal testing laboratory, is infected when he steals Betsy to sell on the black market. Jimbo fails to sell Betsy to Rudy Alvarez, a pet-store owner in the California town of Cedar Creek. After releasing the monkey in the woods of Palisades, he develops symptoms on a flight to Boston and infects his girlfriend, Alice. Their illness is investigated by Dr. Roberta Keough, a CDC scientist and Daniels' ex-wife. Jimbo, Alice, and Rudy die, but Keough determines that no one else in Boston was infected. A hospital technician in Cedar Creek is infected when he accidentally breaks the vial of Rudy's blood. The virus mutates into a strain capable of spreading like influenza, allowing a number of people to be infected in a movie theater. Daniels flies to Cedar Creek against Ford's orders, joining Keough's team with Schuler and Salt. As they begin a search for the monkey, the Army quarantines the town and imposes martial law. Schuler is infected when his suit tears, and Keough accidentally sticks herself with a contaminated needle. When Ford provides an experimental serum, Daniels realizes that he was aware of the virus before the outbreak. He confronts Ford, who admits that the original Motaba strain was actually a military bioweapon; the 1967 outbreak in Africa had in fact been a test-run of the virus, which subsequently infected the local monkey population despite Ford's and McClintock's attempt to halt its spread and cover up their actions. Daniels learns about Operation Clean Sweep, a plan for the military to contain the virus by bombing Cedar Creek. McClintock, now a major general, plans to use the operation to conceal the virus's existence. To prevent Daniels from finding a cure, McClintock has him arrested for carrying the virus. Daniels escapes, and he and Salt fly a helicopter to the ship which carried Betsy. Daniels obtains a picture of Betsy and releases it to the media; a Palisades resident, Mrs. Jeffries, realizes that her daughter Kate has been playing with Betsy in their yard and calls the CDC. Daniels and Salt arrive at the Jeffries' house, and Salt tranquilizes Betsy after Kate coaxes her out of hiding. When he learns from Daniels about Betsy's capture, Ford delays the bombing. On their return flight, Daniels and Salt are chased by McClintock in another helicopter, and Salt fires two rockets into the trees to trick him into thinking that they crashed. In Cedar Creek, Salt mixes Betsy's antibodies with Ford's serum to create an antiserum; although Schuler has died, they save Keough. McClintock returns to base and resumes Operation Clean Sweep, refusing to listen to Ford. Daniels and Salt fly a helicopter in the path of the bomber. With Ford's help, Daniels persuades the bomber's flight crew to detonate the bomb over water and spare the town. Before McClintock can order another bombing, Ford relieves him of command and orders his arrest. Daniels and Keough reconcile, and Cedar Creek's residents are cured.
Profile	British	drama	Francis Searle	In order to investigate the recruitment of young European women by the ISIS, journalist Amy Whittaker creates a new Facebook profile under the alias of Melody Nelson. She creates a persona online of a woman who has recently converted to Islam. Soon Amy is contacted by Bilel, an ISIS fighter from Syria. They begin to talk to each other regularly and after some time she begins to develop real romantic feelings for him.
Small Faces	British	drama	Gillies MacKinnon	Glasgow, Scotland, 1968. Three teenage brothers – gang member Bobby, artistically-minded Alan and 13-year-old Lex – are growing up with their mother on the South Side of the city. Events which will have consequences for all concerned start to spiral out of control when Lex accidentally shoots Malky, the leader of the Garaside Tongs street gang, with an air gun.
Sitt al-Bayt (Lady of the House)	Egyptian	drama	Ahmed Kamel Morsi	Elham (Faten Hamama) marries Nabil (Emad Hamdy) and moves with him to his mother's house, which is where problems arise between Elham and her mother-in-law. Nabil's mother believes Elham is an intruder to her personal life because she is more the lady of the house than she was. The hatred forces Nabil's mother to try to convince her son to marry another woman, Madiha (Mona), especially after discovering that Elham might be sterile. Elham decides to leave the house, but as she was leaving she trips while going down the stairs and is rushed to the hospital. Her doctor tells Nabil that Elham was actually pregnant when she fell, and that she had miscarried as a result. Nabil is devastated and blames his mother for the result. The mother recognizes the mistakes she has made and apologizes to Elham and asks for forgiveness.
The Kill-Off	American	drama	Maggie Greenwald	The film is set in a small coastal community in New Jersey where the only action in town is a nightclub called The Pavilion. The owner, Pete (played by Jackson Sims), can barely make the payroll so in an effort to bring in more business, he hires a sultry stripper named Danny Lee (Cathy Haase). Danny Lee's act soon turns the head of Ralph, which is not good news for his bed-ridden wife Luanne (Loretta Gross). Luanne's nasty talent is her gift for gossip, and when she begins to suspect that Ralph has adultery on his mind, she starts spreading more ugly rumors that have just enough basis in fact to stick. Soon things spin out of control and a wave of violence begins.
Sunday Too Far Away	Australian	drama	Ken Hannam	In 1956, gun shearer Foley joins a new shearing team. He shares a room with Old Garth, a once great shearer who is now a drunk. Foley and his team battle to get in a new cook, Old Garth dies and Foley befriends the grazier's daughter. Foley loses his status as top shearer to Arthur Black and blows most of his money in gambling. The shearers go on strike and Foley and his team get involved in a brawl with non union labour.
Passage Home	British	drama	Roy Ward Baker	Captain Lucky Ryland (Peter Finch) is about to retire. There is a flashback of several years to a voyage on a ship he was captaining from South America. He is forced to give a lift to a British governess, Ruth Elton (Diane Cilento), who is returning home. Both Ryland and his first mate, Vosper (Anthony Steel), fall for Ruth. Ryland proposes to Ruth but when she turns down his offer he tries to rape her and she is rescued by Vosper. There is a subplot about the dissatisfaction of the ship's crew with the supply of potatoes. The potatoes are dumped overboard and Ryland is determined to find out who is responsible. It turns out this was done by Ike the bosun (Geoffrey Keen), who later dies at sea.
Persuasion	American	drama	Roger Michell	The film opens by cutting back and forth between scenes of a naval ship carrying Admiral Croft (John Woodvine), and a buggy carrying Mr. Shepherd (David Collings) and his daughter Mrs. Clay (Felicity Dean) to Kellynch Hall. Shepherd and Clay are accosted by creditors due to the debts owed by the residence's owner, Sir Walter Elliot (Corin Redgrave), while Croft discusses the end of the Napoleonic Wars with fellow men of the navy. Sir Walter, a vain foppish baronet, is faced with financial ruin unless he retrenches. Though Sir Walter initially opposes the idea, he eventually agrees to temporarily move to Bath while the hall is let; the idea came from Shepherd, family friend Lady Russell (Susan Fleetwood), and Sir Walter's second eldest daughter, the intelligent Anne (Amanda Root). Anne is visibly upset upon learning that the new tenant of Kellynch Hall will be Admiral Croft, who is the brother-in-law of Frederick Wentworth (Ciarán Hinds)—a naval captain she was persuaded to reject in marriage eight years previously because of his lack of prospects and connections. Wentworth is now wealthy from serving in the Wars, and has returned to England, presumably to find a wife. Later, Anne expresses to Lady Russell her unhappiness at her family's current financial predicament, and her past decision to reject the captain's proposal of marriage. Anne visits her other sister Mary (Sophie Thompson), a hypochondriac who has married into a local farming family. Anne patiently listens to the various complaints confided in her by each of the Musgrove family; this includes Mary's husband Charles, sisters-in-law Louisa (Emma Roberts) and Henrietta (Victoria Hamilton), and parents-in-law Mr and Mrs Musgrove (Roger Hammond and Judy Cornwell). Captain Wentworth comes to dine with the Musgroves, but Anne avoids going when she volunteers to nurse Mary's injured son. The following morning at breakfast, Anne and Mary are suddenly met briefly by Wentworth, the first time he and Anne have seen each other since she rejected him. Anne later hears that Wentworth thought her so altered that he would not have known [her] again.[2] Louisa and Henrietta begin to pursue marriage with Wentworth, as the family is unaware of his and Anne's past relationship. Hurt and rejected by Anne's refusal years before, Wentworth appears to court Louisa, much to Anne's chagrin. Later, Wentworth learns Anne also was persuaded by Lady Russell to refuse Charles' offer of marriage, after which Charles instead proposed to Mary. Anne, Wentworth, and the younger Musgroves go to Lyme and visit two of Wentworth's old naval friends, Captain Harville (Robert Glenister) and Captain Benwick (Richard McCabe). While there, Louisa rashly jumps off a staircase in the hopes Wentworth will catch her, sustaining a head injury. Afterwards, Anne goes to Bath to stay with her father and sister. Sir Walter and Elizabeth reveal they have repaired their relationship with a previously disreputable cousin, Mr. Elliot (Samuel West), the heir to the Elliot baronetcy and estate. Anne is introduced to him, and they realise they briefly saw each other in Lyme. Much to Lady Russell's pleasure, Mr. Elliot begins to court Anne, but she remains uncertain of his true character. Meanwhile, Louisa has recovered and become engaged to Captain Benwick. Wentworth arrives in Bath and encounters Anne on several occasions, though their conversations are brief. Anne learns from an old friend, Mrs. Smith (Helen Schlesinger), that Mr. Elliot is bankrupt and only interested in marrying Anne to help ensure his inheritance from her father. Anne also is told that Mr. Elliot wishes to keep the baronet from possibly marrying Mrs. Clay to produce a male heir. Soon after, Wentworth overhears Anne talking with Captain Harville about the constancy of a woman's love, and writes her a letter declaring that he still cares for her. Anne quickly finds him and the two happily walk off down a street, arm in arm. That night at a party, Wentworth announces his intention to marry Anne, much to Mr. Elliot's consternation. The final scene shows Wentworth and Anne on a naval ship, happy to be together.
Takhan Teish	Bengali	drama	Atanu Ghosh	Tamodeep is brilliant, sensitive and eternally perturbed by his grandfather's prophecy that he would either be an artist or run away from home. A junior doctor by profession, Tamodeep has little communication with his near and dear ones, even lesser with his mother Sraboni, against whom he nurses a grudge for intruding into his life during his adolescent years. Quiet and introvert on the surface, Tamodeep is quite restless within. His desires often take complex routes and hover around Meghna, his former biology teacher and now a psychological counselor on radio, Mohini, the sex siren of soft porn movies and Sriparna, a law student whom he befriends on a cyber social networking site. The night before his 23rd birthday, Mohini, gets admitted in his nursing home as an accident victim and Tamodeep's life is destined to change forever.. In his desperate attempt to prevent Mohini from going out of his life, Tamodeep has to go through a series of overlapping events involving the four women in his life - his mother Sraboni, his former teacher Meghna, his Facebook buddy Sriparna and his ultimate fantasy Mohini, who steer him through a unique journey of enlightenment and self-realisation. [2]
21 Days	British	drama	Basil Dean	Larry Durrant (Laurence Olivier) is a bit of a disappointment to his family, and even more so when he kills Henry Wallen (Esme Percy), the disreputable foreign husband of his lover Wanda (Vivien Leigh). The long-missing Henry shows up on Wanda’s doorstep and threatens to kill her. Larry accidentally kills him in the ensuing fight. Larry stows Henry’s corpse away in an abandoned archway at Glove Lane. Afterwards he goes to his do-good brother Keith (Leslie Banks) for some advice. Keith is a successful attorney with a brilliant mind, well on his way to becoming a judge. When Larry tells him what he has done, Keith wants him to leave the country for a while, and spare them both some trouble, not spoiling Keith’s career by having a murderer for a brother and saving Larry from going to jail. However, Larry refuses to leave, and returns to the alley where he left the body. There he encounters John Evan (Hay Petrie), a former minister turned bum. Evan unfortunately picks up the gloves Larry had dropped in the street, which results in him later being arrested for Wallen's murder. The police claims there is enough circumstantial evidence with the bloody gloves he had on him. When Larry learns of Evan's arrest, he considers himself a free man and decides to marry Wanda. For the next three weeks before Evan goes on trial, they plan to squeeze 30 years of idyllic life because Larry will then turn himself in for murder. On the day that Evan is sentenced to hang, Keith begs his brother to remain silent and let the condemned man die. Larry, set on doing the right for once in his life, refuses and leaves for the police station, only to be stopped on the steps by Wanda. She has read the newspaper, telling of Evan’s demise from a heart attack on his way to jail.
Heatwave	Australian	drama	Phillip Noyce	Around Christmastime, a heatwave hits Sydney and an architect undertakes a controversial project.
Umrao Jaan	Bollywood	drama	Muzaffar Ali	In the year 1840, a girl named Amiran is kidnapped from her family in Faizabad and sold to Khanum Jaan, the madam of a brothel in Lucknow who teaches young courtesans. Renamed Umrao Jaan, Amiran turns into a cultured woman trained to captivate men of wealth and taste. Umrao catches the eye of Nawab Sultan and the two fall in love, but the relationship comes to an end when Nawab reveals he must marry in order to please his family. Umrao then becomes infatuated with bandit chieftain Faiz Ali, who woos and wins her heart. She elopes with him, but is forced to return to Lucknow after Ali is killed by local police. Sometime later, British soldiers attack Lucknow and the residents are forced to flee. Umrao's party of refugees stops in a small village, which Umrao recognizes as Faizabad. The residents fail to recognize her, however, and ask her to dance for their pleasure. Afterwards, she reunites with her family, who believed her to be dead. Her mother is happy to welcome Umrao back, but her brother forbids it and orders Umrao to never return. She returns to Lucknow to find the brothel looted and deserted.
Roosters	American	drama	Robert M. Young	Gallo Morales (Olmos) returns home after being imprisoned for seven years for murdering a man over a cockfight. His family welcomes him back with mixed feelings. While his daughter Angela (Lassez) is eager to have him back, his son Hector (Nucci) feels otherwise. Hector desires to leave behind the farm and wants to use the family's prize-winning cock, which he has inherited from his grandfather, to win money in order to move his family away. However, Gallo has returned from prison determined to continue the business and to raise a new flock of roosters. Hector and Gallo soon clash over their differing goals.
I Do (2010 film)	Filipino	drama	Veronica B. Velasco	Mayumi (Erich Gonzales) is a girl with a happy disposition in life who dreams of meeting her the one someday. She has been dreaming of meeting her the one and having the perfect wedding ever since she was a little girl. When she meets Lance (Enchong Dee), a Chinese descendant, in a wedding, she immediately knows that he is the one she is waiting for, her faith and destiny. The two of them become lovers despite the unwillingness of their families to their relationship. The unsupportiveness of Lance's family was shown during a birthday party, where Mayumi wore a blue dress while everyone else in the party wore red. (During celebrations, it is customary for the Chinese to wear red attires.) Lance's family talked about how she was very different in front of her in Chinese. They also tell Lance about how inappropriate his companion is. One day, Mayumi tells her friends about her current condition, about how she recently seems to be very choosy of what to eat and also how she always feels like urinating. Her friends immediately accompany her to the drugstore, thinking of the possibility that she might be pregnant. Turns out, Mayumi is pregnant. Her family, especially her father, is very disappointed of her and tells her to move out. Mayumi temporarily lives in Lance's house. She is forced to marry Lance. Although Mayumi loves the idea of becoming Lance's bride, Lance on the other hand has doubts on Mayumi becoming his wife. He doesn't have enough money for the extravagant wedding that Mayumi wants, since his family is not very supportive on the idea of him marrying a Filipino and also because the baby is not a boy. Being a Chinese, Lance is obliged to marry also a girl of Chinese descent to keep the Chinese blood tradition. Mayumi's family on the other hand felt they were betrayed because Lance promised to marry Mayumi because of their love child. Is marrying someone because of a baby worthy of saying I do?
Thunder in the City	British	drama	Marion Gering	An American salesman with radically successful methods visits England ostensibly to learn a more dignified manner of salesmanship. He is mistaken for a millionaire by a cash-poor family of noble ancestry with a stately home to sell which he can't afford to buy. But by working with them instead he finds romance and equal success in business with his old marketing techniques.
The Getting of Wisdom	Australian	drama	Bruce Beresford	Laura Rambotham is sent to attend boarding school in Melbourne at the turn of the century. During her second year she tells everyone about a made-up romance between herself and the school's minister, Reverend Shepherd. She forms an attachment with an older girl, Evelyn. When Evelyn leaves, Laura throws herself into her studies and wins the school literary and music prizes.
 The Daughter	Australian	drama	Simon Stone	Christian Nielsen, a recovering alcoholic, returns home to Australia from the United States for the wedding of his father, Henry, to his much younger housekeeper, Anna. He finds out that Charlotte, Henry's previous housekeeper, and wife of his childhood friend, Oliver, had an affair with Henry, and that their teen-age daughter, Hedvig, is actually his half-sister. Christian's wife, who was supposed to also attend the wedding, instead dumps him by phone call. Christian, feeling miserable, begins drinking heavily again. At the wedding, hating Henry, for how he treated his mother, who committed suicide, Christian is compelled to tell Oliver about the affair. Oliver is devastated, and, after realizing that Hedvig is not his daughter, leaves Charlotte. Christian then tells Hedvig the truth. She goes to Oliver, but he tells her he cannot look at her, after which she tries to commit suicide using her grandfather's shotgun. Oliver and Charlotte reunite in the hospital, where Hedvig lies in recovery.
Universal Soldier	British	drama	Cy Endfield	Ryker (Lazenby), a former mercenary, comes out of retirement to take part in the overthrow of an African dictator. He travels to London to meet former war comrade Jesse Jones (Ben Carruthers), and his associates Freddy Bradshaw (Robin Hunter) and Temple Smith (Alan Barnes). After helping fellow mercenaries test and ship weapons to South Africa, Ryker begins to have ethical concerns about his involvement. He eventually distances himself from the others, and rents a flat in London. He falls into hippie culture, and begins dating a girl named Chrissie (Chrissie Townson). Jesse tracks down Ryker. Explaining that the operation is not producing the profits he expected, he tries to convince Ryker to return. Ryker declines, but develops a plan with Jesse to thwart the operation and take the money for themselves. They succeed and escape with Bradshaw's car. A weapons dealer named Rawlings (Edward Judd) pursues them. Jesse discovers that their take is somewhat less than the amount of cash they supposedly embezzled. Ryker reveals that his real plan was to sabotage the gun running operation, not to take all the money. Jesse assaults Ryker; Ryker, now a pacifist, refuses to defend himself. Ryker is eventually forced to break Jesse's ankle to end his assault. As Ryker bundles Jesse into a car to seek medical treatment, Rawlings shoots them down with rifle fire.
Black Joy	British	drama	Anthony Simmons	In London in the late 1970s, Guyanese immigrant Ben Jones arrives at Heathrow Airport with a suitcase and a wallet full of money. Immigration officials refuse to believe his naïve explanation that the cash was given by his grandmother, and strip-search him. Humiliated and confused, Ben travels to Brixton in search of an obscure address. A ten-year-old boy, Devon, spots him and offers to help find the address if Ben pays him. When Ben foolishly reveals his fat wallet, Devon runs off with it, and Ben is forced to sleep at the local hostel. Dave King, a charismatic petty crook and lover of Devon's mother Miriam, pretends to be a responsible adult and intercepts Ben's wallet, but he keeps the money knowing that Devon has stolen it. That evening, Dave tries to seduce Miriam but she resists him, explaining that she has recently become pregnant. An argument ensues and Miriam forces Dave to leave. Ben almost loses his suitcase at the hostel, but defends himself against the thief. In an attempt to find his missing wallet he follows Devon around Brixton, but is sidetracked by Devon's beautiful aunt Saffra. At Miriam's café, Ben confronts Devon about the stolen wallet but Dave intercedes and calms the situation, hiding Devon's guilt and befriending Ben by loaning him some money. Unaware that Dave's cash comes from his own stolen wallet, Ben accompanies Dave to a betting shop and defends him in a brawl. They place a bet on a horse that wins and Ben puts his winnings towards new accommodation. He finds a job as a dustman but loses it all again when he gives his earnings to a fraudulent landlord. Desperate for somewhere to stay, Ben appeals to Dave to share a flat. Once he realises that Ben now has a steady income Dave agrees to the flat-share and imposes a set of slanted rules that Ben is too naïve to reject. Ben uses his new income to decorate the flat and tries to impress Saffra. He gives her a family heirloom - a ring - but Saffra returns it because it is financially worthless. Dave realises that Ben is still a virgin and arranges a trip to Soho where they visit sex shops, strip clubs and a prostitute. At a nightclub Ben meets Sally, a white woman who seduces him, and that night he loses his virginity. Dave loses all his money in a poker game and goes to Miriam. She is furious and upset, having just returned from an abortion clinic. Dave is hurt that the unborn child has been aborted without his knowledge but this serves to anger Miriam more. With encouragement from Sally, Ben confronts Dave about the degree to which he has abused their friendship. Dave implies that Ben's naivety was as much to blame for his being duped as Dave's own immoral behaviour. Ben, now wiser, agrees to remain friends. In a bid to cement his relationship with Miriam and Ben, Dave takes advantage of a car deal arranged by Jomo, a loan shark and sometime boyfriend of Saffra. Taking Jomo's new Buick and money, he drives Miriam, Ben and Saffra to Margate for an overnight trip. The four spend a lot of money and Dave loses the rest at a casino. Ben and Saffra sleep together but Saffra remains non-committal. In the morning Dave approaches Ben for some cash to pay the bills he cannot afford. Ben refuses, but suggests that he buys Jomo's car and insists on a receipt. Dave reluctantly agrees and the group return to London. Once in Brixton, Ben refuses to resell the Buick, putting Dave in a dangerous position with Jomo. Jomo tries to force the sale but is overpowered by Ben who makes it clear he will not be bullied. Jomo backs down and Dave is thankful. Devon and Saffra join Ben in the Buick and they drive away.
Kalyug Aur Ramayan	Bollywood	drama	Babubhai Mistry	The film is based on the Ramayana in the modern environment, how his character would be today. Manoj Kumar is portrayed in the film Ram Bhakta Hanuman. Hanuman comes to earth and meet a miserable father Dasaratha. Dasrath distressed by his sons and daughter-in-law. How Hanuman solves this problem, is story's theme.
Aranyer Din Ratri	Bengali	drama	Satyajit Ray	The plot of the movie goes back to a similar outing the writer Sunil Gangopadhyay took in the early days of his poetic career. The story unfolds around a group of four friends, quite unlike each other and yet bonded together deeply. The four friends are all educated and come from different layers of society, but the urge to escape from the daily grinding of city forces them to go out into the land of tribes. Of the four friends, Asim (Soumitra Chatterjee), the leader of the pack, owns the car they drive in, has a cushy job, likes the company of girls and yet is very conscious of how he should be perceived by them. Sanjoy (Subhendu Chatterjee) is a labour executive but would ideally want to immerse himself in literature. Hari (Samit Bhanja), a frank and straightforward cricketer, wants to forget the girl who dumped him. Shekhar (Rabi Ghosh) is the jester of the party, the only one without a job. He has a roving eye but stays sober when his friends get drunk and vent their frustrations. They set out for the tribal Palamau, in Bihar, to tear themselves away from their regulated city life. They had read legends about this land, the tribal women who are open and simple and beautiful. Wanting to break rules, they force a stay in a forest rest house by bribing the chowkidar, burn a copy of a newspaper in a symbolic gesture of cutting ties from civilization, deliberate on whether to shave or not and walk through the forest to get drunk at a country liquor shop. Hari gets close to tribal Santhal girl Duli (Simi Garewal) when she approaches the group for extra drink. Their resolve to be unshaven collapses when Shekhar sights two ladies Aparna (Sharmila Tagore) and her sister-in-law Jaya (Kaberi Bose) in the forest. The four introduce themselves to this family and in the midst of the forest, the two urban groups of people are almost relieved to find someone from their part of society. Asim flirts with Aparna and coaxes her to show her room. He is attracted to the elegant and enigmatic Aparna, but is unable to keep pace with her composure, presence of mind and intelligence. Later Jaya invites all of them for breakfast the next day. At night the four friends go to drink alcohol again in the country liquor house. Hari is upset because he cannot see Duli (Simi Garewal) whom he had met previous night. While returning to their rest house, they stumble upon a car which they shout at without realizing it as the car of Aparna. They oversleep and miss the next day's breakfast. They find a packet of food lying outside their rooms and go to Aparna's house to return it. The entire group decides to chat near the rest house while Aparna's father is away with Jaya's son for a circus. They play a memory game where each participant has to add a name to a chain of names of famous people, after repeating all the names in correct sequence. The names each player chooses reflect his/her own preference and state of mind. The game reaches a crescendo, with only Asim and Aparna left in the fray, at which point Aparna pulls out, deliberately handing victory to Asim, who seems to have placed his entire confidence at stake on the win. The tensions peak at the village fair where the four friends go their own way. Shekhar goes off to gamble with money borrowed from his friends. Hari takes Duli into the forest and makes love to her. Aparna reveals her more vulnerable side that lies behind her composed exterior. She also holds up a mirror to urban insensitivity by pointing out to Asim how despite having spent three days at the rest house, they never bothered to find out how grievously ailing was the chowkidar's wife. Sanjoy, held back by his middle class moralities, is unable to draw up courage to respond to Jaya's bold advances. Later he walks back on the lonely village road, lost in his own thoughts as twilight melts into darkness. The next morning, the four friends, each wiser than before in his own way, leave for Calcutta since their new friends have had to return in a hurry. As a parting gift, they find a can of boiled eggs sent by the thoughtful Jaya. The look of glee on Shekhar's face as the car drives off and the relieved chowkidar rushes to close the gates behind them, brings about an emphatic finish to this forest sojourn.
Two Mothers	Australian	drama	Anne Fontaine	In New South Wales, childhood friends Roz and Lil and their families live next door to each other. Roz's son Tom and Lil's son Ian, who are both 18, are also best friends, and the four of them spend all their time together. Roz's husband Harold is offered a job in Sydney, and goes there to make arrangements, even though Roz does not want to move. That night, Ian kisses Roz, and although she is hesitant the two of them end up having sex. Tom witnesses Roz coming out of Ian's room. Confused and angry, Tom tries to seduce Lil, who pushes him away, and tells her what he saw. That night, he stays at her house again, and they have sex. Roz goes to Lil's work and they discuss what has happened with their sons. They agree that they both crossed a line, and that it can never happen again. They get together with both of the boys and tell them that things need to end. Ian still has feelings for Roz, and eventually they renew the relationship; they then learn that Lil and Tom never stopped sleeping together. Both Roz and Lil admit that they're happy, and they agree to keep going. When Harold returns, Roz tells him that neither she nor Tom can move with him to Sydney. Two years later, Roz and Harold are divorced, and Roz and Lil have continued their secret affairs. Ian now works with his mother for a successful yacht-building company, and Tom is studying theater. Harold invites Tom to Sydney to direct one of their plays and Tom accepts, staying with Harold and his new family. While in Sydney, he meets Mary, who is auditioning for the lead role. The two begin a relationship, and Lil reluctantly accepts that he has moved on. Roz and Ian are still together, although Roz knows that he will not be attracted to her for much longer. Finally, the mothers agree to end their affairs with the boys. Ian is upset, and storms out. Some time later, Tom marries Mary. Ian meets a girl at the wedding, Hannah, and decides to have sex with her to get back at Roz. That night, he comes to Roz' door and begs to be let in, but Roz ignores him, crying quietly in her room. Ian goes surfing and breaks his leg. He refuses to see Roz, but Hannah comes to visit him and nurses him through his physical therapy. They begin a relationship, but when Ian and Tom meet up for lunch, Ian mentions that it is going nowhere and that he'll have to break it off. One day, Hannah shows up at Ian's work and tells him she is pregnant. Years pass, and now Ian and Tom are both married, and they both have daughters. Mary and Hannah, Tom and Ian's wives respectively, are blissfully ignorant of the affairs. They all spend a day together at the beach, and while most are in the water, Ian and Roz share a quiet moment. That night, they all eat dinner together, during which Tom gets drunk and takes a walk to clear his head. Ian follows him and sees him having sex with Lil. Enraged, he tells Mary the truth. The wives are horrified, and leave with the children. When Tom returns later, he finds Roz sitting alone in her room, and she tells Tom that she doesn't think that Mary, Hannah, or their granddaughters will ever come back. Lil tearfully insists that she and Tom tried to stop, but could not keep away from each other. Roz has no words for Lil. Time passes, and Ian goes for a swim in the ocean until he comes to a free-floating dock in the water, the same dock where he first began his flirtation with Roz, and Roz and Lil used to swim to as girls. He climbs on board and sees that Tom, Lil, and Roz are there. After telling them good morning, he lies down beside Roz.
Ammajan	Bangladeshi	drama	Kazi Hayat	Badshah (Manna) is a teenager whose father is Laal Mia, a electrician. His father suddenly dies in an electric accident. The family faces tremendous scarcity in the absence of only earning member. His mother, whom he calls Ammajaan (Shabnam), seeks pension money for her husband's death in his office. Then she is sent to the house of a top class officer of that office assuring that that officer may donate her some money. In the house, the officer eventually rapes her. Discovering her mother molested, Badshah becomes wrathful and kills that officer by stabbing with a Vojaali (dagger). He and his mother is punished by 14 years imprisonment. After 22 years Badshah becomes a criminal kingpin, but his wealth cannot make her mother happy. She never talks with his son due to that shameful event of past. Badshah is extremely obedient to his mother, and works as a vigilante who brutally punishes rapers and woman-molesters. During a relief work in floods, Ammajaan sees Rina, a young varsity student who is daughter of ex-minister Aziz Ahmed (Miju Ahmed), and engaged to his lover Mijan (Amin Khan). Ammajaan secretly wish a daughter-in-law like her. Hearing this, Badshah chases to Rina's house and demand her for his wedding. Aziz Ahmed hets frightened, and summons Kalam (Dipjol), another notorious gangster, who was once Badshah's friend, Kalam threatens Badshah, but became unsuccessful. Meanwhile, Badshah rescues a raped girl, Kusum, and engages her with his best friend Nabab. Kalam employs a thug to plant time bomb in Badshah's car. During an outing with car, the bomb blasts with Kusum, taking her life, but Badshah and Nabab survives by luck. Badshah is informed by his old mate Siddhi Faruk, a weapons dealer that Kalam was the culprit behind this, Badshah seeks revenge by hunting Kalam down, but Ammajaan compels him to spare Kalam. Kalam kills Faruk for helping Badshah. Meanwhile Rina tries to fly to USA with Mijan, but Badshah abducts her and brings her to his house for wedding. When Badshah goes out for wedding shopping, Rina explains her situation to Ammajaan. Ammajaan did not know these matters, so she understands and assures her safety. Meanwhile, Kalam visits Badshah's house in search of Rina, and shoots Ammajaan, escaping with Rina. Rina sits for wedding with Mijan immediately. Badshah comes home and hears Ammajaan's condition, hurries to hospital. Realizing that her mother is critically sick and would be happy if he appears with bride Rina, he runs to Rina's wedding. He faces vicious attack by Kalam's gang, but manages to escape with Rina, and requests her for just showing up in front of his mother. Rina agrees, and the come to hospital. Injured but alive Kalam also chases them in hospital, and shoots Badshah from back. Kalam is shot to death by Nabab, and Badshah somehow appears to Ammajaan and request her to talk and smile. Ammajaan does, and tells him to send Rina back to his husband Mijan. Mijan arrives with Aziz Ahmed, and Badshah hands Rina over to them. When police arrives to arrest him, Badshah declares that no force in world can catch him but The Almighty. Saying this, Badshah dies in the hand of his Ammajaan.
Raja Ki Aayegi Baraat	Bollywood	drama	Ashok Gaekwad	Mala works as a school-teacher and had a great dream that her bridegroom will arrive on a horse and her marriage will be done in great pomp and ceremony. One day her friend confides in her about her love affair with the son of a wealthy man, who has been intimate with her, but now is marrying someone else. Mala accompanies her friend to this male's wedding, disrupts it, and eventually ends up getting it cancelled. The groom's friend, Raj, is enraged and insults Mala, in response to which she slaps him. Enraged all the more, Raj seeks Mala out, and in the presence of her pupils, brutally slaps and then rapes her by taking off her clothes. Then she walks out without any clothes with her pupils, who hide her body with an umbrella as it was raining and all the passers-by behold her, and when her father sees her in this way, he throws a piece of cloth on her to cover her body. The police get involved and Raj is arrested. Raj's dad, Rai Bahadur Diwanchand, attempts to give some money to Mala's guardian, Gyani Kartar Singh, who refuses to accept it. Raj's brother-in-law and sister support Mala and defend her in the case. The court case proceeds; the judge, overcome by Mala's evidence, finds Raj guilty, convicts him, and orders that he marry Mala in the next twenty-four hours. Raj's attempts to kill Mala are in vain, and they get married without great pomp and ceremony. After the marriage, Rai Bahadur goes overseas and leaves his family, especially his elder daughter-in-law, Sharda, to deal with Mala and ensure that she is belittled, tortured, and eventually driven out of their house. Sharda's younger sister tries to make Raj get trapped in her love, but she fails because Mala insults her and goes to her sister. Sharda, her younger sister and a silly brother go to the airport which Raj reaches before they leave. The three make up lies that Mala told them to get out of the house. Raj gets upset, goes home and starts to beat Mala with his belt, but Kartar Singh gets there in time. Suddenly Raj's mama (uncle) shows up. He pretends to protect Mala and make Raj and Mala leave for their honeymoon, but Raj and his mama actually plan to kill Mala. The uncle leaves a snake in the house when Mala is having a shower. When she gets dressed, she sees the snake on the ledge of the window. She screams and faints. Raj and his uncle think that she's dead. When Raj tries to remove the sindoor on Mala's forehead the snake bites his legs. Mala gains consciousness and saves him by sucking the snake's poison. She faints again due to the poison. Raj realizes that he was wrong about Mala and calls a doctor to help her after he slaps his uncle for trying to influence him to leave her to die. Mala and Raj gradually fall in love. In the meantime, Raj's uncle and sister-in-law plot to kill Mala through excessive burning via a gas explosion. Raj's sister and brother-in-law unexpectedly arrive and his sister goes into the kitchen with the lighter, which results in her death. Upon Rai Bahadur's arrival for his daughter's funeral, Raj and he argue about Mala. When Raj decides to leave, his father hits Mala with a vase on her head and she is badly wounded. Raj takes her to the hospital. The doctor says she is in critical condition. Raj's brother supports him and they both tell Rai Bahadur that they do not want to have anything to do with him. Rai Bahadur comes to apologise and when the police comes to investigate the matter, Raj tries to take the blame for what happened, but Rai Bahadur accepts it was his own fault. When Mala regains consciousness, she saves her father-in-law by lying that she slipped off the stairs. After this incident, she is accepted by Raj's family and Raj and Mala are remarried this time with great pomp.
A Rage in Harlem	American	drama	Bill Duke	A beautiful black gangster's moll flees to Harlem with a trunkload of gold after a shootout, unaware that the rest of the gang, and a few other unsavoury characters, are on her trail.
Eat a Bowl of Tea	American	drama	Wayne Wang	The story begins with exposition of the difficult lives of the first generation of male Chinese-American immigrants who were not allowed to bring their wives and families with them into the United States due to the Chinese Exclusion Act. For decades, these immigrant men have not seen their families they had left back in China. Ben (Russell Wong) is the son of one these immigrants and has just finished serving in the U.S. Army during World War II. Due to the G.I. Bill,[citation needed] he is allowed to bring a bride back from China which he does after an arranged marriage. Mei Oi (Cora Miao), the bride, besides being attracted to Ben also wants to see her father in the U.S., who emigrated to the States before she was born. As one of the first couples of child-bearing age within Chinatown, Ben and Mei Oi have to deal with the expectations of the entire Chinatown community as well as his father (Victor Wong). But the pressures on Ben render him impotent, and in her confusion over his seeming lack of interest, Mei Oi succumbs to the attentions of Ah Song (Eric Tsang). Their affair creates complications not only for their own marriage, but for the reputations of their fathers in the close-knit bachelor society of New York's Chinatown.
Maps to the Stars	American	drama	David Cronenberg	Agatha Weiss arrives in Los Angeles and employs limousine driver Jerome to take her to the site of the former house of child star Benjie Weiss. Agatha has severe burns to her face and body, and takes a copious amount of medication. Benjie visits a child suffering from non-Hodgkin lymphoma in the hospital; however, the girl later dies. Benjie’s father, Dr. Stafford Weiss, is a TV psychologist who is treating aging actress Havana Segrand for abuse she suffered at the hands of her deceased mother, also an actress. Havana’s agent struggles to get Havana a role in a remake of her mother’s film Stolen Waters. Havana routinely hallucinates about the deceased younger version of her mother. Benjie and his mother, Cristina, negotiate a role for Benjie in a film as his comeback after drug rehabilitation. At the suggestion of Carrie Fisher, Havana hires Agatha, whom she had met on Twitter, as a personal assistant. Agatha continues to see Jerome, and a romance forms, though Jerome appears resistant at first. Stafford learns through Havana that Agatha has returned to L.A. Agatha is Stafford and Cristina's daughter – however, they shun her completely, with Cristina breaking down at the thought of Agatha contacting Benjie. Using Havana’s role in Stolen Waters to gain access to the production lot, Agatha visits Benjie on set. A schizophrenic, Agatha tells him that she has returned from a sanatorium to make amends for setting the fire that burned her and nearly killed him when he was seven. When Stafford learns Agatha visited Benjie, he visits her in a rage and warns her to leave L.A. Benjie breaks his sobriety, getting high on GHB, and carelessly shoots the dog of his only friend. Agatha visits her mother, Cristina, to make amends. Cristina reveals that she and Stafford are brother and sister, making Agatha and Benjie children of incest – though Cristina insists it was unbeknownst to them at the time. Stafford comes home, and when Agatha tells him she knows about their familial relations, Stafford violently beats her, until Cristina intervenes. During the altercation, Agatha steals Cristina’s wedding ring. On set, Benjie is haunted by the girl from the hospital, and, during an hallucination, he strangles his young co-star. The child survives, though Benjie is now to be replaced in the film. Havana requests Jerome as a driver and seduces him in the backseat of his parked limo in the driveway of her home, as Agatha watches from the window. Havana enters the house and berates Agatha for her poor performance at work and then verbally humiliates her when she finds that the girl has stained her expensive couch with menstrual blood. Agatha beats Havana to death with one of her awards. Stafford returns home to see Cristina on fire outside near the pool. Benjie goes home, finds his father in a catatonic state and steals his ring. He then reunites with Agatha at the ruins of their old home that Agatha had burned down, and, on the fireplace hearth, the siblings/cousins perform an impromptu wedding ceremony with their parents' wedding rings. In order to commit suicide, they take an extreme amount of Agatha’s pills together, before lying down to watch the stars. Throughout the film, liberal quotings from Paul Éluard's poem Liberté meander through each of the characters' lives, creating an underlying mantra for the film.[26]
Radio Parade of 1935	British	drama	Arthur B. Woods	The film tells the story of the sophisticated Director General of the National Broadcasting Group (Will Hay) who promotes the ambitious Head of Complaints to Programmer Director (Clifford Mollison) in an attempt to stem the number of complaints he is receiving owing to the station's overly intellectual programming. In 1930's British slang, the acronym NBG stood for no bloody good. The character played by Hay is clearly intended to be a satirical parody of Lord Reith, and the NBG the BBC.
Out of the Clouds	British	drama	Basil Dearden	During a day at an airport in London, many complications arise, involving both passengers and airline crew members. Pilot Gus Randall (Anthony Steel) is a compulsive gambler who is caught up in a smuggling ring as well as a love triangle; Nick Millbourne (Robert Beatty) is the chief duty officer who wants to get back in the sky and vies with Gus for the attention of stewardess Penny Henson (Eunice Gayson); and passengers Bill Steiner (David Knight) and German Leah Rosch (Margo Lorenz) cross paths on opposite journeys; after their flights are grounded by bad weather, they fall in love. Nick and Penny also find happiness together.
Chowkidar	Bollywood	drama	Shyam Ralhan	Shambhu (Om Prakash) is a village Chowkidar (night watchman), who is helpful to the poor that are oppressed by Lala Dinanath (Jeevan). He has a sister who was missing for about a year. One night during the patrol, he finds his sister coming from the house of the village chief Thakur Ranvir Singh. It turns out that his sister had a love affair with the Thakur and went into hiding once she got pregnant and now the Thakur is not accepting the girl child. Shambhu's sister hands him the baby and commits suicide by jumping into a nearby river. Shambhu first takes the baby girl to Thakur, who again rejects the baby and dies accidentally in an attempt to shoot at Shambhu. Shambhu raises the girl child on his own. Meanwhile, Lala Dinanath has a son, whom he sent to the city for higher education and to become a doctor. He expects that his doctor son will help him in earning more money by exploiting the poor villagers. Thakur also has a son, whom he also sent to city for better education. After few years, Dinanath's son Shyam (Sanjeev Kumar), now a doctor, returns to village and is appalled by the condition of the village and finds out that his father is the main reason. He decides to stay in the village and nurse them to wipe away his father's sins. Dr. Shyam's kindness toward the village people earns his respect and praise all around, but makes his father angry, as he is not earning any money. He subsequently forms a romantic relationship with Shambhu's grown up niece Radha (Yogeeta Bali). Thakur's son Gopal (Vinod Khanna) becomes a playboy and return home to occupy his father's position, with his friend Vilaitiram (Ram Mohan). Vilaitiram is looking for an opportunity to blackmail Gopal with the help of dancer Bela (Jayshree T.). When Gopal tries to make advances toward Radha when he sees her for first time, she resists and ends up injuring Gopal. With the help of Vilaitiram, Gopal sends his goons to kill Radha, but Dr. Shyam saves her. Realising that he can never lay hands on Radha as long as Shyam is present, Gopal calls Bela to the village. Bela traps Shyam in a small home and accuses him of raping her in front of the whole village. Heartbroken, Radha and Shambu decide to leave the village. As the job is done by Bela, she is no longer required and Vilaitiram tries to kill her. Again, Gopal comes and saves her. Now realising her mistake, she confesses everything to Shyam. Meanwhile, Gopal's goon had kidnapped Radha. So, now vindicated, Shyam goes to save Radha and just reaches in time. A fight starts between Gopal and Shyam. Gopal's paternal aunt comes and stops the fight. She tells everyone that Radha is actually Gopal's sister, a secret she and Shambhu had been hiding since long ago, but now it is necessary to tell everyone. Deeply ashamed, Gopal decides to self immolate and burns the house. But Radha and others forgive him and stop him from killing himself. The story ends in peace with Gopal accepting Radha as his sister.
The Field	British	drama	Jim Sheridan	Bull McCabe, an Irish farmer, dumps a dead donkey in a lake. It transpires that McCabe's son, Tadhg, killed the donkey after discovering it had broken into the field the family has rented for generations. The donkey's owner blames Bull McCabe for the death and demands blood money. McCabe has a deep attachment to the rented field, which his family has cultivated and improved, from barren to now very productive, over a number of generations. The field's owner is a widow who, around the time of the 10th anniversary of the death of her husband, decides to sell the field. She decides to sell the field by public auction rather than to McCabe directly. Unknown to McCabe, Tadhg has been harassing the widow for years, causing her to believe that McCabe is behind the harassment in order to force her into a sale. On hearing there will be an auction McCabe goes to the village pub and announces that nobody would dare bid against him for my field. McCabe has constant doubts about Tadhg's ability to safeguard the field. His older son, Seamie, committed suicide when he was 13. McCabe blames himself for the death, as he told Seamie the field could only support one family, and that Tadhg would have to emigrate when he grew up. McCabe and his wife have not spoken in the 18 years since the death. Peter, an American whose ancestors are from the area, arrives in the village. He has plans to build a hydro-electric plant in the area and quarry stone for new roads. Central to his plans is McCabe's field. At the auction Peter repeatedly out-bids McCabe, forcing the price up to 80 pounds, 30 pounds more than what McCabe can afford. Seeing the bidding war the widow stops the auction and insists there would be a new auction, with a reserve price of 100 pounds. Knowing he cannot out bid Peter and seeing his cattle thrown off the field, McCabe goes to the rectory to confront Peter, and the parish priest who has been supporting him. McCabe now discovers Tadhg's actions, expelling him from the meeting, and goes on to explain his deep attachment to the field. This includes the death of his mother while saving hay. Peter refuses to back down from his plans. In a desperate last attempt McCabe and Tadhg confront Peter at a waterfall he has just purchased, the night before the second auction. When Tadhg fails to defeat Peter in a fight, McCabe himself intervenes and beats both men in a rage. Peter is killed, and upon realising this, McCabe has a mental break. He confuses Peter with his dead son Seamie. Tadhg flees to the Irish Traveller woman he has fallen for. He tells her he has killed Peter, and they make plans to run off together. McCabe's close friend Bird O'Donnell bids on behalf of McCabe and secures the field for 101 pounds at the second auction, unopposed. A Traveller boy spots the dead donkey floating in the lake and a crane is brought in to recover it. It inadvertently recovers the corpse of Peter. At the same time Tadhg comes home to tell his father he is leaving with the Traveller's daughter and says he never wanted the field. The Parish priest arrives to confront McCabe about the discovery of Peter. Having lost his son and with the corpse discovered, McCabe goes insane and herds his cattle to the cliffs. Bird informs Tadhg that his father has gone mad. Tadhg rushes to stop his father but gets driven over the cliff by the herd of cattle and killed. Further maddened with grief, McCabe attempts to drive the waves back from his dead son, while Tadhg's mother and the Traveller's daughter sob on the clifftop.
The Crowded Day	British	drama	John Guillermin	The Christmas holidays are approaching, and a group of shopgirls head to their jobs at Bunting and Hobbs, a busy London department store. Peggy French (Joan Rice) is upset at her shopman fiance, Leslie Randall (John Gregson), because he refuses to sell his vintage car, Bessie, that takes up all of his time and money. Peggy notes that he went to a car club meeting the previous night instead of taking her on a date, that he spends on the car instead of saving so they can get married, and that he has not even bought her an engagement ring. As they head into their respective jobs in the furnishings and estates departments, they quarrel and Peggy breaks off their engagement. She also refuses to let Leslie take her to the staff Christmas party that night, and leads him to believe that she has been dating the kind but very proper personnel manager, Philip Stanton (Cyril Raymond). In reality, although Mr Stanton is charmed by Peggy, he is not interested in fraternizing with any of the shopgirls as that is improper for a manager and could cost him his job. Leslie attempts to win Peggy back, but his efforts get him reported by Peggy's supervisor Mr Preedy, who has been making romantic overtures to Peggy despite being a married man, and sees Leslie as unwelcome competition for her affections. Leslie also gets reported by his own supervisor after Leslie botches his assignment of showing a house to friends of the store owner, Mr Bunting, because he is distracted by trying to make up with Peggy. Mr Stanton, looking through Leslie's personnel file, sees a report he wrote about promotions and thinks he might transfer Leslie to a higher-paying position in the publicity department. Mr Stanton also gives Leslie's report to Mr Bunting, saying it contains new and useful ideas. Leslie later informs Mr Stanton that he took the ideas for the report out of a book written by Mr Bunting, causing Mr Stanton to worry that he himself will now be sacked for repeating Mr Bunting's own ideas back to him. Another shopgirl, Yvonne Pascoe (Josephine Griffin), is worried and ill at work. She tells Peggy that she urgently needs to get in touch with her fiance, Michael Blayburn, who left his mother's home two months ago to look for a job so that he could marry Yvonne. Yvonne has not heard from Michael since he left, and when she tries to telephone his wealthy mother to find out his whereabouts, she is rebuffed. Peggy suggests Yvonne go visit Mrs Blayburn at her home during Yvonne's noontime break from the cosmetics counter. Yvonne does this, but Mrs Blayburn is cold to her and tells her Michael is tired of her and doesn't want to see her or hear from her. When Yvonne confesses she is pregnant with Michael's baby, Mrs Blayburn becomes angry, calls her a slut and orders her out of the house. Yvonne is late getting back to work and is reported by Moira, who is annoyed at having to work all alone at the busy cosmetics counter. Mr Stanton meets with Yvonne, learns she is pregnant, and tells her she will have to stop working, although she can have her job back after the baby is born and put up for adoption. He suggests Yvonne visit the welfare office in the meantime, since she has no other family to turn to. Yvonne returns to the cosmetics counter, where she pockets a prescription intended for a customer that contains strychnine and leaves the store. In her hurry to leave, she fails to take an urgent note that a young man left for her at the counter; the note falls on the floor and is trampled by shoppers. At the staff Christmas party that night, Peggy tries to attach herself to Mr Stanton, interrupting his efforts to socialize with Mr Bunting's homely daughter. Leslie then appears and Mr Bunting calls him over and praises him on his fine report, putting Leslie on track for the well-paying publicity department job. Leslie pays Peggy back for her deception by telling Mr Bunting that he heard Peggy and Mr Stanton were engaged, causing Mr Bunting's daughter to burst into tears. After the party, Peggy learns that Leslie has sold his old car, thus proving that he cares more about her than the car. She happily reunites with him, only to find he has bought an even older car. Meanwhile, shopgirl Suzy (Vera Day), who dreams of being a film actress, is seduced after the party by her date, a chauffeur who has pretended to be a director and promised her a screen test. Alice, another shopgirl who could not get a date for the party, hires a paid male escort, only to have him tell her at the end of the evening he enjoyed going out with her and the date is free of charge. Eve Carter, a beautiful but mysterious model at the store, is shown to be secretly happily married to (and, it is implied, financially supporting) a wheelchair-bound man. She hides her marriage by taking off her wedding ring at work so she will not lose her job. Yvonne does not attend the party, but wanders the dark streets of London contemplating suicide. At one point she orders tea from a stall and starts to take the strychnine pills, but is interrupted by the menacing sexual advances of a male customer at the stall. He chases her through the streets until she finally escapes into a church, where she collapses in tears, but decides not to kill herself. As she walks home past Bunting and Hobbs, she throws the pills into a waste bin. The next morning, the watchman (Sid James) finds the note that Yvonne never received, crumpled on the floor. It is from Michael, telling Yvonne that he has got a job, asking her to marry him and saying he will call her the next day.
Without Evidence	American	drama	Gil Dennis	It is based on the true story of Michael Francke, who was the Head of Corrections for the state of Oregon before being murdered. Just before his murder, Francke visits his brother and informs him of a drug ring involving his prison colleagues. When Michael is killed, his brother begins his own investigation into the murder, leading him to more lies and deceit.
Flames of Passion	British	drama	Graham Cutts	The wife of a wealthy barrister seduces her chauffeur, with whom she falls in love. She gives birth to a baby, apparently without her husband knowing anything about her pregnancy. The child is killed by the chauffeur during a car accident—he was visibly drunk when driving. The result is a showpiece trial at the Old Bailey, presumably of the chauffeur on a charge of infanticide, in which the woman at first tries to protect her lover, but is forced finally under cross-examination to make a dramatic public confession that the dead infant was hers. By the end of the film, she returns to her husband.
Boyz n the Hood	American	drama	John Singleton	Ten-year old Tre Styles lives with his single mother, Reva in Watts, Los Angeles. After Tre gets into a fight at school, his teacher informs Reva that Tre is highly intelligent but has a volatile temper and lacks respect. Worried about Tre's future, Reva sends him to live in the Crenshaw neighborhood of South Central Los Angeles with his father, Jason Furious Styles, from whom she hopes Tre will learn valuable life lessons and to be able to mature, but assures him he will be permitted to return to her one day. In Crenshaw, Tre reunites with his friends, Darrin Doughboy Baker, Doughboy's maternal half-brother Ricky, and Chris, their mutual friend. After chatting for a bit, Furious immediately has Tre rake the leaves off the front lawn. That night, Furious tells Tre that he has him work to teach him how to be responsible. That night, Tre hears his father shooting at a burglar who tries to rob the house. Two policemen arrive an hour later, and while the white officer is civil and courteous, the black one is disrespectful towards Furious. The next day, Tre and his friends go out with Chris who shows them a dead body. While there, a group of older boys in the Watts Crip gang steal Ricky's football and Doughboy tries to retrieve it, but is defeated. While the older boys walk away, one of them gives Ricky his ball back. Later in the day, Furious spends father/son bonding time with Tre, taking him fishing by the seaside and tells the boy more about his life prior to having him, including his military experience in the Vietnam War, in hopes of making his son proud of him. He concludes his story by advising Tre to never join the army, stating that a black man has no place in the army. When returning home, they see Doughboy and Chris being arrested for shoplifting (Doughboy had said earlier on that they were going to the store, but had no money), while Ricky and Tre look on. At a barbecue, Doughboy is now a Crip gang member and is celebrating his recent release from jail, along with most of his friends, including Chris, who is now paralysed and uses a wheelchair as a result of a gun wound, and new friends Dooky and Monster, also Crip members. Ricky, now a star running back for Crenshaw High School, lives with his single mother Brenda, girlfriend Shanice, and their infant son. Tre has grown into a mature and responsible teenager, works at a clothes shop at the Fox Hills Mall, and aspires to attend college with his girlfriend, Brandi, but their relationship is somehow deteriorating over Tre's desire to have sex, while Brandi, a devout Catholic, wishes to wait until after marriage. Ricky hopes to win a scholarship from USC. After a visit from a recruiter, a mildly embarrassing experience for Ricky due to his unkempt home and his brother's rudeness, he is informed that he must score a 700 or higher on the SATs test in order to qualify. Ricky and Tre take the test on the same day. Afterwards, they go to see Furious at his office to unwind. Furious takes Tre and Ricky to Compton, California to talk about the dangers of decreasing property values in the black community. That night, during a local street racing gathering, Ricky is provoked by Ferris, a member of the Crenshaw Mafia Gangsters. In response, Doughboy brandishes his handgun, leading to a brief argument between the two gangs. When the two gangs are finished arguing, Ferris fires his own gun in the air causing everyone to leave. While Tre talks about leaving Los Angeles, he and Ricky are pulled over by the police. The cop is the exact same one who was disrespectful towards his father seven years earlier; he intimidates and threatens Tre with his gun, knowing he can't do anything. Distraught, Tre goes to Brandi's house, where he finally breaks down. After she consoles him, they have sex for the first time. The following day, Ricky has a fight with Doughboy. While Ricky and Tre walk to a nearby store, they see Ferris and his gang driving around the neighborhood and in an attempt to avoid them, the pair cut through back alleyways and split up. As Tre turns back to Ricky, Ferris' car pulls up. Ricky turns to run but one of Ferris' men shoots Ricky in the leg with a shotgun. A second shot hits Ricky in the back through the chest, killing him. Doughboy and his gang, who had sensed that Tre and Ricky were in trouble, catch up with them, but are too late. Devastated and helpless, the boys carry Ricky's lifeless body back home. When Brenda and Shanice see Ricky's corpse, they break down in tears and blame Doughboy, who unsuccessfully tries to comfort them and explain the truth. That night, a distraught Brenda reads Ricky's SAT results, discovering he scored a 710, enough to qualify for the scholarship he wanted. The remaining boys vow vengeance on Ferris and his crew. Furious finds Tre preparing to take his .357 Magnum, but convinces Tre to abandon his plans for revenge. However, Brandi and Furious catch Tre sneaking out of his bedroom window to join Doughboy. That night, as the gang drives across the city, Tre asks to be let out of the car and returns home, realizing that his father was right to keep him from falling into an endless cycle of violence. When Tre gets home, Furious is waiting for him. They both look at each other without saying a word, and Furious retreats into his bedroom. Meanwhile, Doughboy finds Ferris' gang at a local fast-food outlet, and Monster opens fire on them, killing one and wounding the other two. Doughboy gets out and kills the other wounded gang member and executes Ferris. The next day, Doughboy visits Tre, now understanding Tre's reasons for leaving the gang. Doughboy knows that he will soon face retaliation for Ferris' death, and accepts the consequences of his crime-ridden lifestyle. He plaintively questions why America doesn't care about the life in the ghetto. He sorrowfully says that he has no family left now after Ricky's death and Brenda's disownment of him, but is embraced by Tre, who says to Doughboy that he has a brother in him. The epilogue reveals that Doughboy saw Ricky buried the next day and was murdered two weeks later. Tre and Brandi resume their relationship, and go on to attend Morehouse and Spelman Colleges in Atlanta, respectively.
Rudaali	Bollywood	drama	Kalpana Lajmi	As the narrative begins, the dying zamindar/ Thakur (translation: landlord) (Amjad Khan) of the desert village of Barna has been shifted from his mansion to an outbuilding and is performing the rite of godaan or gifting a cow to a brahman. Anticipating his imminent death, and realizing that none of his close relatives are likely to mourn him, he summons a rudaali named Bhikni (Rakhee) from a nearby town. While waiting for her client to die, Bhikni temporarily lodges in the modest home of Shanichari (Dimple Kapadia), a widow whose life has been plagued by misfortune. Born on a Saturday (a bad-luck day ruled by the malefic planet Shanichar or Saturn), the ill-omened young girl was blamed by villagers for the untimely death of her father, and then for her own abandonment by her mother, Peewli, who ran off to join a nautanki folk theatre troupe. The tale of Shanichari’s life, told to the sympathetic Bhikni, unfolds in a series of flashbacks.[4] Shanichari's early marriage to a drunkard named Ganju ends abruptly when her husband succumbs to an outbreak of plague at a village fair. She is left with a son, Budhua (played as an adult by Raghuveer Yadav), whom she adores, though she realizes that he has inherited her mother's penchant for irresponsible wandering. Her poverty is relieved somewhat by employment at the zamindar's haveli (mansion) after the master's son, Lakshman Singh (Raj Babbar) takes a fancy to her. She attends on his spoiled but strictly secluded wife, and periodically converses with her benefactor, who lectures her on social equality and urges her to look up into his eyes when speaking to him. This romance leads to the master's gift to Shanichari, one night after a singing performance, of her own house and two acres of land—a gesture that offers her a modicum of financial security within the village. One day, Budhua brings home a pregnant young prostitute, Mungri (Sushmita Mukherjee) as his wife. Their marriage is brief, as the quarrelsome Mungri aborts their child, Shanichari's hoped-for grandson. Budhua then runs away from home. Shanichari's painful reminiscences of these trials—throughout which, she says, she has never been able to shed a tear—alternate with scenes in the present, depicting her growing bond with Bhikni. On the very night of the old zamindar's long-awaited death, Bhikni is called over to meet Bhimdata from the neighbouring village. As Shanichari bids adieu to Lakshman Singh, who plans to leave the village after his father's death, a messenger comes from Bhimdata. The messenger tells her of Bhikni's untimely death due to the plague, and of how in her dying breath she had asked Shanichari to be informed of how she was actually Peewli, her mother. This unleashes Shanichari's pent-up emotions and transforms her, too, into a rudaali.
The Unstoppable Man	British	drama	Terry Bishop	A gang of criminals kidnaps the son of James Kennedy, who is an American executive of a London-based chemical company. Kennedy ignores the advice of Inspector Hazelrigg of Scotland Yard to try a plan of his own. He doubles the ransom amount, expecting the thieves to have a falling-out over how to divide it. One is indeed killed, and evidence at the crime scene leads Kennedy to a home in Hampstead where the mastermind, Feist, is keeping Kennedy's son. Hazelrigg comes along, but agrees to give Kennedy a few minutes to enter the house alone. Armed with a flamethrower, Kennedy is able to take his son to safety while the police close in on Feist.
Mule, TheThe Mule	Australian	drama	Angus Sampson	In 1983 Australia, television repairman Ray Jenkins (Angus Sampson) and his football team celebrate the end of their season by spending the weekend in Thailand. Ray's best friend Gavin (Leigh Whannell), a small-time criminal working for local property owner/crime lord Pat Shepherd (John Noble), asks Ray to transport heroin on flight back. Ray refuses, but finds out his step-father is deeply in gambling debt, and his mother will be targeted if he does not pay up. He agrees to transport the heroin. In Thailand, while wandering through the markets, Gavin goes to pick up half a kilogram of heroin to bring back to Pat. Before he leaves, he purchases an extra half kilogram to sell on his own. At the hotel, Gavin hides the heroin in condoms, coercing Ray to swallow them. Upon their arrival at Melbourne Airport, Ray begins to panic and is eventually detained by customs officials. Believing that Ray is a drug trafficker, he is arrested by Australian Federal Police agents Croft and Paris (Hugo Weaving and Ewen Leslie). Ray's lawyer Jasmine Griffiths (Georgina Haig) tells Ray that he can only be held in a hotel room for four days. During the four days, Ray tries to hold back his bodily functions to prevent himself from being convicted, aided by codeine, which constipates him. Gavin returns to tell Ray's mother Judy (Noni Hazlehurst) and stepfather John (Geoff Morrell) that Ray has been arrested. They plan to head to the hotel to visit him, but John has a discussion with Gavin, revealing his participation in the drug scheme to get Pat to get rid of his debts. Paris arrives at the hotel room to find Ray being tormented by Croft and a police guard. He kicks them out of the room and comforts Ray, giving him more codeine. Gavin hides from Pat, but is found and beaten savagely for botching the heroin transport. Pat tells Gavin that Ray must be killed to prevent him from giving information to the police. Gavin heads to the hotel, where he persuades the guard to let him visit Ray, intending to stab Ray, but finds he cannot bring himself to do so. He is caught by Paris, who follows him to the rooftop. Paris reveals himself to be a cop out to make money from drugs, while Gavin explains the whole situation. Paris pushes Gavin from the rooftop and he hits Pat's Lithuanian guard Ziggy's car, killing him on impact. Ziggy dumps Gavin's body by the side of the road and leaves town. Having witnessed Gavin falling off the building, Ray realizes that Paris is corrupt. He tries to tell Croft, but Croft doesn't believe it. Croft goes to the judge and extends the sentence to ten days, despite Jasmine's pleas. She visits Ray and tells him that if he is ever released, he should testify against Croft and Paris for keeping him held against his will and their cruel behavior. She has given the information of the extended detention to a newspaper, but the newspaper is busy reporting the 1983 America's Cup race. After Pat steals his car, John drunkenly admits to Judy his part in the scheme and she kicks him out. John heads to Pat's bar, where he threatens to expose him to the police. Pat has John strangled by his Thai chef, Phuk. In the middle of the night, Ray is unable to stop himself from defecating in his bed. After making sure the guard is asleep, Ray ingests the condoms again, gagging profusely and trying not to vomit, before the guard wakes. Still insisting that Ray is hiding the drugs, Croft goes to the judge and finally extends the sentence to the maximum of 14 days. On the twelfth night, Ray puts his plan into action. He excretes one of the condoms and places some of the heroin in the beer of the police officer guarding him, putting him to sleep. He then excretes the rest of the condoms, and taking a coin from the police officer's wallet, starts to unscrew the back panel of the television. Pat sings at Gavin's funeral. Judy, fearful for Ray's health, attempts to force-feed Ray his favourite meal cooked with heavy laxatives. Ray refuses to eat it and the police have to pull his mother off of him. The police eat the meal and are struck with intense diarrhea. On the last night, the police officers are trying to watch the 1983 America's Cup but the television is displaying static, so they call reception to have it repaired. On the morning of the last day, Paris furiously attempts to make Ray finally go to the toilet, but Paris discovers there are no drugs in his stomach contents. He attacks Ray, but Croft and another officer arrive before he can force Ray to swallow glass. An ambulance is called, and Ray hands Croft a photograph of Pat. A furious Paris trashes the hotel room looking for the drugs, and finds a hidden microphone in a flower vase. Paris realizes his threats and confession to Ray have been recorded, revealing his corruption, and Croft enters the room and arrests him while berating him, admitting that he bent the rules, but Paris broke them by killing Gavin. Croft has also sent police to arrest Pat, but the Thai heroin boss instructs Phuk not to permit the police to take Pat alive, and he is beaten to death as the police arrive. At the television repair shop where he works, Ray smiles as he looks at the televisions in the window where he hid the heroin.
Autograph (2010 film)	Bengali	drama	Srijit Mukherji	The film starts with a proposal of remaking Satyajit Ray's famous Nayak by a debutant director and storywriter Shuvobrata (Indraneil Sengupta) to famous Bengali actor Arun Chatterjee (Prosenjit). Arun approves Shuvobrata's proposal and agrees to finance the project. Shuvobrata requests his live-in girlfriend Srinandita or Shrin (Nandana Sen) to act opposite Arun. In the meantime, Arun and Shrin become close friends and Arun tells her about various incident from his past in an emotionally triggered condition. The exchange is videotaped accidentally and Shuvobrata on discovering it leaks it to the press, without Srinandita's consent, as a publicity stunt for the film. Srinandita leaves Shuvobrata on learning of this indiscretion. Arun, furious about the leak, bars the film from being released. Arun later learns that Shrin had no role in the leak and apologizes to her. The movie ends with Shrin leaving a note and a phone number for Arun at a roadside dhaba where they had met earlier.
Seafood	Chinese	drama	Zhu Wen	Zhang Xiaomei (Jin Ze), is a prostitute living in Beijing. When relationship problems with her boyfriend erupt, she flees to the resort city of Beidaihe and takes a room in a small hotel where she contemplates committing suicide. There she meets a young poet. The next morning, she wakes and learns that the poet has slit his wrists. When the police arrive, she meets Deng Jianguo (Cheng Taisheng), a middle-aged officer who questions her over the poet's death. Their relationship soon grows increasingly complicated as Deng learns of Xiaomei's plans to commit suicide. Over the course of several days, he takes her to eat seafood dinners, extolling the virtues and health benefits of the diet, including a claim that it makes him a more potent lover. When Xiaomei tries to commit suicide in a nearby town, she is thwarted by Deng who brings her back to Beidaihe and proceeds to rape her. Xiaomei eventually leaves the seaside town for Beijing again.
High Finance	British	drama	George King	Self-made businessman Sir Grant Rayburn (McLaughlin) is obsessed with making money to the exclusion of all else. He shows little interest in his daughter Jill (Lupino) and is irritated when she falls in love with, and wishes to marry, a young man named Tom (John Batten). Sir Grant does not believe Tom is a suitable match for Jill as he does not come from a moneyed background. He suspects that Tom is a chancer with an eye on access to Jill's money, and as she is still under age he refuses to give her consent to marry and considers the matter closed, with no concern for Jill's feelings. Sir Grant discovers what he believes to be a quick and easy way to make a financial killing, and goes full steam ahead with the scheme in the face of concern from his advisers that it is risky in the extreme, and potentially illegal. The scheme ends in disaster, with Sir Grant publicly exposed as a law-breaker and sentenced to a term of imprisonment. While behind bars he has time to reflect on his mistakes, and realises that he has allowed greed and selfishness to control his life. He emerges from prison a reformed character, vowing to pay more attention to personal matters and less to business. He apologises to Jill for his neglect and unreasonableness, saying that he has judged Tom unfairly and he is now happy to allow them to marry.
Cross My Heart	British	drama	Bernard Mainwaring	A woman turns a boarding house into a nightclub, but faces problems when it is raided by the police.
Aandhi	Bollywood	drama	Gulzar	J.K. (played by Sanjeev Kumar) is a Hotel manager. One day he gallantly comes to the rescue of a politician's drunk daughter, Aarti (Suchitra Sen). Aarti falls in love with J.K. and both get married in a small ceremony. After few years, the married couple face many differences due to which they decide to separate. Years later, J.K. and Aarti meet again when she is an established politician. Despite the separation, both of them feel the closeness but fearing that her name might be tarnished and jeopardise her career, Aarti does not want to step forward.
It Always Rains on Sunday	British	drama	Robert Hamer	The film concerns events one Sunday (23 March 1947, according to the announcement blackboard at the local underground station) in Bethnal Green, a part of the East End of London that was suffering the effects of bombing and post-war deprivation. Rose Sandigate (Googie Withers) is a former barmaid married to a middle-aged man (Edward Chapman) who has two teenage daughters from a previous marriage. She is a bossy, strident housewife, coping with the difficulties of rationing, near-slum housing and a drab, joyless environment. A former lover, Tommy Swann (played by John McCallum, who soon afterwards married Withers), jailed some years earlier for robbery with violence, escapes from prison and is discovered by Rose hiding in the family's air-raid shelter. He asks her to hide him until nightfall. Rose initially refuses but, clearly still in love with him, eventually allows him to hide in the bedroom she shares with her husband, after the other members of the household have gone out. She then keeps the bedroom locked. However, it proves extremely difficult to keep the presence of the escapee a secret in such a busy, bustling household – particularly with her former lover intent on seducing her. It is Sunday morning and the lunch must be cooked, the girls admonished for their misdemeanours of the previous night and the husband packed off to the pub out of the way. The strain is intolerable and as the day progresses, the police net closes, after a newspaper reporter interrupts them, as Tommy is about to flee, and soon tips off the police. By nightfall her secret is out and a panic-stricken Rose tries to gas herself, while the prisoner is cornered in railway sidings and arrested by the detective inspector (Jack Warner) who has been patiently tracking him. As the film ends, Rose is in hospital recovering, and reconciles with her husband, who then returns alone to their home, under a clear sky.
Gomti Ke Kinare	Bollywood	drama	Saawan Kumar Tak	Sameer lives a poor lifestyle in Bombay with his mother, Ganga, and maternal uncle, Nekiram. Nekiram works at a petrol pump, and his mother paints pictures and statuettes of Hindu deities. Sameer grows up, becomes an Engineer, and lands a job with Khosla Enterprises, which is run by Chairman Gopaldas Khosla, where he proves his abilities and is soon promoted as Chief Engineer, and gets a bungalow to live in as well as a fancy car. He meets with Roshni, the daughter of Gopaldas, both fall in love, and soon get engaged. His idyllic lifestyle is shattered when a rival businessman, Chaganmal, alleges that Sameer's mother was actually Gangabai, a Lucknow-based Courtesan, who was never married, and that Nekiram is not his maternal uncle.[5]
When a Man Loves a Woman	American	drama	Luis Mandoki	The film chronicles one woman's (Meg Ryan) alcoholism and her husband's (Andy García) efforts to help her. Meg Ryan plays Alice Green, a school counselor who has a serious drinking problem and is married to Michael (Andy García), an airline pilot. Though she's lighthearted and loving, Alice is often reckless and, when drunk, even neglects her children: nine-year-old daughter Jess (Tina Majorino) from a previous marriage, and four-year-old daughter Casey (Mae Whitman), whose father is Michael. One afternoon, Alice enters their home in a drunken incoherent state. She dismisses the reluctant caretaker, who leaves her alone with her children. Still drinking, Alice is confronted by her elder daughter concerned for her mother's welfare. In return, she violently slaps Jess, who runs to her room crying. Alice enters the shower. Unable to control her balance and calling for Jess, she falls to the side and smashes through the shower door onto the bathroom floor. Fearing her mother has died, Jess contacts Michael who immediately flies home to be by his wife's side. After the incident and while in the hospital, Michael and Alice confront the truth about Alice's drinking. They jointly decide she must seek professional help for her alcoholism. Upon release from the hospital, a timid Alice enters a rehabilitation clinic. Michael finds himself now the main caretaker of their home and two children, a role he struggles to maintain along with his career as an airline pilot. Meanwhile, at the clinic, Alice is flourishing; her recovery is painful but stabilizing and she is well liked and respected by both staff and fellow clinic tenants alike. During a family visit day at the clinic, Alice immediately begins to rebuild her shattered bond with the children leaving Michael alone to wander the grounds uncomfortable and out of place in his wife's new lifestyle. Alice returns home sober yet guarded. She is vocal, strong and changed. Michael is having trouble adjusting to Alice's balance. He has become used to being the stable and controlled one in their relationship and is jealous of Alice's lack of dependence and outside friendships. Coming to terms with their estrangement, a reluctant Michael (believing therapy is for the weak) and a willing Alice see a marriage counselor who quickly establishes Michael's co-dependency on Alice's role as an alcoholic. Unable to find a medium and with tempers flared, Michael moves out and Alice becomes the main caretaker of their home and children. Alice is once again seen flourishing in her new role while Michael is unable to find control and seeks out a support group for spouses of alcoholics. Initially shy, Michael becomes a more vocal member of the group and shares his sorrow over his lack of understanding for the gravity his wife's sobriety would have on him, his children and his marriage. Alice and Michael singularly return to the hospital to celebrate the birth of their caretaker's baby. They spend time together and as they depart Alice asks Michael if he would attend her 180-day sober speech where she will acknowledge her failings and accomplishments. She also tells him that she has been thinking about asking him to come home with her. Michael tells Alice he has been offered a job in Denver. For the first time since they both agreed Alice should enter rehab, they both agree Michael should take the position. The penultimate scene is Alice as she stands on a stage and tells her sobriety story; the toll it took on her, her children and her marriage. She is funny, confident, sad but optimistic. Her audience is moved to tears. Her speech ends and she is surrounded by well wishers. Out of the crowd appears Michael. At ease with himself and Alice, he explains what he missed along the way...to listen, to really listen. They share an intense, longing, passionate kiss as the credits roll.
Başka Dilde Aşk	Turkish	drama	İlksen Başarır	Onur, who has been deaf since birth, works as a librarian. His father had left him and his mother when he was seven, and Onur has always blamed himself for this. Although being able to speak, he has chosen to stay silent because of the pitying looks of the people around him. At his friend Vedat’s engagement party, he meets Zeynep, who later finds out about Onur’s hearing disability, but is not bothered by it. She is forced by her overbearing father to leave home and gets a job at a call-center. Having to speak on the phone all day to people she doesn’t know, Zeynep finds peace with Onur, who she communicates with perfectly without speaking...
Love on the Dole	British	drama	John Baxter	The film is set in Hanky Park, part of Salford, at the height of the Great Depression. The film was the first English made feature film to show English police wielding batons against the crowd.[1]
Sommersby	American	drama	Jon Amiel	John Jack Sommersby (Gere) left his farm to fight in the American Civil War and is presumed dead after six years. Despite the hardship of working their farm in Vine Hill, Tennessee, his apparent widow Laurel (Foster) is content in his absence, because Jack was an unpleasant and abusive husband. She makes remarriage plans with one of her neighbors, Orin Meacham (Pullman), who has been helping her and her young son with the farmwork. One day, Jack seemingly returns with a change of heart. He is now kind and loving to Laurel and their young son, Rob. In the evenings, he reads to them from Homer's Iliad, which the old Jack never would have done. He claims that the book was given to him by a man he met in prison. Jack and Laurel rekindle their intimacy, which leads to Laurel becoming pregnant. Displaced from his courtship of Laurel, Meacham suspects Jack as an impostor. The town shoemaker also finds that this man's foot is two sizes smaller than the last which had been made for Sommersby before the war. In order to revive the local economy, Jack suggests Burley tobacco as a cash crop. He raises the seed money by selling parts of his own farm to people who will then work the land to grow tobacco. This raises further doubts in his old neighbors who believe that the old Jack would not be so hasty to give away his father's land, as well as resentment among Confederate veterans about the inclusion of former slaves. One black freedman living on Sommersby's land is attacked and dropped at Sommersby's door by men proclaiming themselves the Knights of the White Camellia (one of them is Meacham). Jack is threatened in an attempt to force him to exclude black people from the landowning, but he refuses. Upon taking the townspeople's money, he buys the tobacco seed claiming that the crops will raise enough funds to rebuild the town church. All those that bought in on the deal set to work, transforming the plantation into a breeding ground of promise and prosperity. Laurel gives birth to a daughter, Rachel. Shortly after Rachel's baptism, two U.S. Marshals arrest Jack on the charge of murder, which carries the death penalty. Laurel's attempts to save her husband focus on the question of his identity: whether this Jack is who he claims to be, or a lookalike who met the real Sommersby whilst in prison for deserting the Confederate Army. Laurel and Jack's lawyer agree to argue that her husband is an impostor. This would save him from hanging for murder, but he would still be imprisoned for fraud and military desertion. Meacham devises this plan in exchange for Laurel promising to marry him upon Sommersby's imprisonment. Jack fires the lawyer and sets about re-establishing himself as the real Sommersby. Several witnesses are brought up to discredit this Sommersby as a fraud, who state that he is Horace Townsend, an English teacher and con artist from Virginia. One witness says that the man currently posing as Jack defrauded his township of several thousand dollars after claiming he wanted to help rebuild the schoolhouse there. He is also said to have deserted the Confederate Army and ended up in prison. Sommersby discredits the man's testimony by identifying him as one of the Klansmen who had threatened him earlier. He points out that Orin Meacham was another of those men and that this is all a set-up to try to rob the new black farmers of the land they have bought. When Laurel is called as a witness, she reveals that his kind nature convinced her of his being an impostor, admitting …because I never loved him the way I love you! With this, she says that she believes the man before her to be her real husband. Judge Isaacs calls Jack to his bench to ask whether he wishes to be tried as Jack Sommersby, even if it will certainly mean death by hanging. Jack states that he wants to be tried as John Jack Sommersby. Jack is convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to death by hanging. While awaiting death, he is asked by Laurel to tell the truth about his identity and Horace Townsend. Laurel mentions the book on Homer's works that he holds. Jack tells her the story of how a man had to share a cell with another man, who looked like they could have been brothers. After sharing a cell for four years, they got to know everything about each other. Upon his release, Jack Sommersby killed another man, then died from a wound he got during the fight. Horace Townsend then buries Jack Sommersby, which is seen in the opening scene of the film. Horace decided to assume Jack Sommerby's identity. Jack concludes by saying he can't admit to being Horace, because Laurel and the children would lose everything. As Jack is taken to the gallows, he asks Laurel to be amongst the crowds, as he cannot hang alone. As Jack is about to be hanged, Laurel makes her way to the front of the crowd. Jack calls for her, claiming to the executioner that he isn't ready. She calls back to him, and the two see each other before he is executed. The closing scenes show Laurel walking up a hill with flowers. She then kneels by the gravestone of John Robert Sommersby and lays the flowers down for him. It is revealed that work is being done on the steeple of the village church, as Jack had wished.
The Case	Chinese	drama	Wang Fen	He Dashang (Wu Gang) is a middle-aged childless innkeeper trapped in an unhappy marriage in a sleepy city in Yunnan, China. Sleepwalking through his days, everything changes when he spies a black suitcase floating down the river. Retrieving it, Dashang hopes to find his fortune in the mysterious case, only to discover its contents are dismembered human body parts. Thrown into panic, he attempts to hide the contents. Things become even more complicated when a young couple, the sultry Lily (Wang Sifei), and her mousy husband (Wang Hongwei) arrive at the inn. Soon mishap follows upon mishap as He Dashang finds himself over his head.
Waterfront	British	drama	Michael Anderson	When ship’s fireman Peter McCabe walks out on his long-suffering wife, he leaves her impoverished, with two young daughters and a son born soon after his departure. Fourteen years later, McCabe returns, sacked and humiliated, trailing trouble in his wake. The eldest daughter, now a woman, is none too pleased at her father's reappearance.
Jane Eyre	American	drama	Franco Zeffirelli	Jane Eyre (portrayed as the orphan child by Anna Paquin and as an adult by Charlotte Gainsbourg) is the plain, impoverished young woman who is hired by Mr. Rochester (William Hurt) through Mrs. Fairfax (Joan Plowright) to work as a governess for Adèle (Josephine Serre). Despite her mild unprepossessing manner more like a nun, Jane has strong internal passions and shows her strength in character in expressing her opinions and showing resolve in times of trouble. Rochester is the Byronic anti-hero who is tortured and tormented by family troubles, past injustices and secrets. Rochester and Jane find an affinity for each other and fall in love and the marriage date is set. What she does not realize is that she must share the estate (and ultimately Mr. Rochester) with his wife, Bertha (Maria Schneider), who is mentally ill and kept locked away in an upstairs attic with a nurse, Grace Poole (Billie Whitelaw). The marriage is stopped by Bertha's brother Richard Mason (Edward de Souza) and lawyer Briggs (Peter Woodthorpe). Jane flees, her world crashing down is a nightmare. She recovers in the parsonage of her original aunt's home, discovers she is now a wealthy woman inheriting her long-lost uncle's fortune in Madeira. She gets a proposal of marriage from Parson St. John Rivers but her heart and soul is with Rochester. Jane goes back to find Thornfield Hall burnt down, but Rochester is crippled and blinded by the fire set by his mad wife, Bertha, who has killed herself in the fire. However, Jane's love for Rochester remains undiminished; she nurses him back to health, he recovers his eyesight and they marry.
Whore	American	drama	Ken Russell	Liz is a Los Angeles street prostitute. The audience first sees her attempting to get a customer on a busy downtown street near a tunnel. She addresses the audience directly on her life and problems throughout the film. When a van stops by, she gives it the brush off, recalling the last time she serviced a man in a van: it turned out there were several other men in the van, who gang-raped her and left her for dead. A passerby gives her his handkerchief and offers to take her to a hospital. She refuses, makes up a boyfriend story and asks for some money. She sends him the money back with a thank you note and a new handkerchief. Liz isn't merely attempting to get a customer, however: she is attempting to escape her pimp, Blake. Blake is a well-dressed, businesslike and extremely controlling man. As Liz stops off at a strip club for a drink, she explains how she ended up as she did: she was a small town girl, who married a violent drunk named Charlie (Frank Smith). Though they have a child together, she can no longer take it and leaves him, taking her son with her, as he's sleeping it off. She takes a job on the graveyard shift at a diner, and when a customer offers her more money to have sex with him, she decides, given her rather low pay, to take it. She does this independently for a time until she meets Blake, who takes her to LA. Though Blake does do some things for her (including getting her tattooed), he is ultimately as cruel as her husband, so she decides to escape from him. A local homeless person/street performer named Rasta decides to treat Liz to a movie. Though Rasta is a bit scary (his act involves walking on broken glass), Liz agrees. At this point the scenes of Liz and Rasta at the movie are intercut with Blake explaining his life to the audience, giving the impression that Liz and Rasta are watching Blake's soliloquy. After the movie, Liz talks to the audience about her son, whom she clearly loves, though he's now in foster care. She finally gets a customer and services him. He has a heart attack, and Liz panics, trying to give him mouth-to-mouth resuscitation, without success. Blake happens along then. He takes Liz's money and tries to rob the dead customer. When Liz tries to stop him, Blake tries to strangle Liz and threatens to put her son into prostitution, with Liz retorting I'll kill you first!. Rasta comes to the rescue, killing Blake. A grateful Liz gives her thanks and walks away.
Fighter	Bengali	drama	Rabi Kinagi	The film starts with a flashback. ACP Bose (Ferdous Ahmed) is a sincere police officer happily married and lives with his parents and younger brother Surya (Jeet). Surjo is a college student and he falls in love with his classmate Indu (Srabanti). Enter Section Shankar, Bharat Kaul, the villain who is notorious for settlements and land deals. Indu comes across ACP Bose when she is on a field trip from her college with her friends. She gets friendly with his daughter Pinky who tells her that she would get her introduced to her uncle Surya and they would make a good pair. It turns out that Surya studies in Indu's college and soon after they accidentally even come to know each other and get close. ACP Bose investigates the case of a dreaded criminal Section Shankar whom no one has been able to touch. He is even involved with a land deal involving crores of money which is completely illegal and others including the D.I.G is involved. When the chairman of the bank who has lent money for the deal demand the money back as the deal hasn’t worked, but Section Shankar eliminates him. The people who are customers of the bank take to the streets and try to damage the bank.ACP Bose arrives there, arrests the manager and takes him away. Somehow Section Shankar comes to know where the manager has been taken .He arrives there with his men and the D.I.G and nearly kill ACP Bose. Section Shankar asks his men to dump the body. On the way, somehow Surya gets involved and ultimately rescues his brother from a burning bus and the elder brother dies in the younger brother's arms. The entire media and the people think that ACP Bose has swindled off all the money as they have been made to believe that by the D.I.G.Surya decides to take revenge on the people who killed his brother. Firstly he kills Nikhil (his friend and Section Shankar's friend) .Then he kills the D.I.G (he had been taken to jail and he had escaped).Nikhil had also kidnapped Indu as he wants her at any cost, but Surya rescues her. Section Shankar also kidnaps the entire family of Surya.Surya goes to Section Shankar house's where he kills Shankar and rescues his family under the supervision of the new D.I.G who supports him wholeheartedly.
Juice	American	drama	Ernest R. Dickerson	Bishop (Tupac Shakur), Q (Omar Epps), Raheem (Khalil Kain), and Steel (Jermaine 'Huggy' Hopkins) are four teenage African-American friends growing up together in Harlem. They regularly skip school, instead spending their days hanging out at Steel's apartment, at a neighborhood arcade, and also a record store where they steal LPs for Q's DJ interests. Generally, they are harassed daily by the police or a Puerto Rico gang led by Radames (Vincent Laresca). Fed up with all of the torment he and his friends have endured, Bishop decides that the group must go on to do bigger things in order to win respect. However, Q is unsure if he wants to become involved in a life of crime. One Saturday night, under Bishop's persistence, the friends decide to rob a local convenience store to teach the owner, Fernando Quiles, a lesson. At first Q hesitates to go through with the robbery, unsure whether it will be successful. He also fears it will affect his chances of participating in a DJ competition in which he has yearned to compete for years. After being pressured by his fellow crew members, he decides to join in. Q manages to sneak out of the nightclub where he is working as a DJ and joins his friends. During the heist, Bishop shoots the owner in the head, killing him. After fleeing the scene, the four young men gather in an abandoned building where they argue over the evening's events. Q, Raheem and Steel become angry at Bishop for killing Mr. Quiles, and Raheem demands that Bishop give the gun to him; Bishop resists. A struggle ensues between the two, and Bishop shoots Raheem dead. Panicking, Bishop, Q and Steel flee to another abandoned building, where Bishop threatens to kill Q and Steel if they reveal to anybody that he murdered Raheem. Q and Steel realize that Bishop is beginning to break down and is becoming addicted to the thrill of killing. They agree to give Bishop as wide a berth as possible. However, while attending Raheem's funeral, they are surprised to see Bishop there. Bishop goes as far as to hug Raheem's mother and promise to find his killer. Q and Steel are mostly generally able to avoid Bishop, but he finds them and confronts them one at a time, questioning their loyalty. After a scuffle, Bishop kills Radames. In order to cover his tracks, he begins planning to frame Q for the murders of Quiles, Raheem and Radames. Fearful of Bishop, Q resorts to buying a gun for his own protection. Meanwhile, Bishop confronts Steel in an alley, accusing him of disloyalty, and shoots him. However, Steel survives the attack and is rushed to the hospital, where he informs Q's girlfriend Yolanda (Cindy Herron) that he has been framed by Bishop. Frustrated with both the tension and troubles brought upon him, Q throws his gun into the river and decides to confront Bishop unarmed. Q and Bishop meet up, where a scuffle and chase ensues. Q is shot once in the arm during the chase, and he is subsequently chased into a building where a party is being held. Bishop begins firing into a group of partygoers in an attempt to hit Q, but Q escapes unharmed. Q disarms Bishop while he's distracted, and Bishop leaves the scene with Q following him. Q eventually finds Bishop on the roof of a high-rise building, and the two become engaged in a physical confrontation. Bishop eventually falls off the ledge, but is caught by Q. Bishop begs Q not to let go, but Q eventually loses his grip, and Bishop falls to his death. As Q is leaving the rooftop, a crowd from the party gathers to see what happened. One of the people in the crowd turns to Q and says, Yo, you got the juice now, man. Q turns to look at him, shakes his head in disgust, and walks away. The film ends with a flashback clip of the four friends together in happier times as Bishop yells, Wrecking Crew!
Anubhav	Bollywood	drama	Basu Bhattacharya	Meeta Sen (Tanuja) and Amar Sen (Sanjeev Kumar) have been married for several years. Due to Amar's hectic work schedule, the couple did not have children, as there was no time for intimacy. Meeta decides to take matters into her own hands, gets rid of the servants, save for Hari (A. K. Hangal), and decides to run the household on her own. This gets the couple to be closer, and eventually they do get intimate. And then Meeta's old flame Shashi Bhushan (Dinesh Thakur) not only re-enters Meeta's life, but also gets employed in the same organization as Amar, throwing their marriage again in jeopardy. One day while at home, Amar and Shashi discuss their work and Amar says that he'll join the office from tomorrow because he's recovered now from his flu. While Shashi leaves, Amar sees him talking with his wife. The next day, he asks Meeta to call for Shashi in an intimidating and arrogant tone, after Shashi leaves, Amar confronts Meeta and she explains their past relationship to him. Amar leaves the house without saying anything and asks Shashi to resign, though Shashi already has written his resignation letter because he sees himself as a reason of upheaval in their lives. Knowing this, Amar says that the past comes between us only when we aren't able to live the present completely. After reaching home, Amar tries to tell Meeta, but she circumlocutes in an amusing manner and says that she has understood and tells him that she has understood that he has understood. The movie ends with them embracing each other.
A World Without Thieves	Chinese	drama	Feng Xiaogang	The story is set primarily on a train bound inland from Tibet. Sha Gen (played by Wang Baoqiang), a naïve village boy working as construction worker in Tibet, was returning home to get married. Refusing to believe that thieves exist in the world, Sha Gen insists on carrying his five years of savings worth ¥60,000 ($7,200 USD[1]) with him rather than use remittance. Sha Gen also brazenly shouts his earnings in a crowded street. As such, he has attracted the attention of Wang Bo (Andy Lau) and Wang Li (Rene Liu), who are lovers as well as highly skilled professional thieves. Wang Bo wants to steal the money as a last hit to end their career, but Wang Li, pregnant with their child and moved by Sha Gen's innocence, decides to protect the boy. The situation is further complicated when a small gang of thieves led by Hu Li (homophone of fox (狐狸 Húli) in Chinese), also known as Uncle Li (Ge You), boards the train. Uncle Li instructs his followers, among them Xiao Ye (Li Bingbing) and Four-Eyes (Gordon Lam), to refrain from doing a job on the train. Tempted by the huge amount of cash, however, some members disobey and strike, only to be robbed by Wang Bo moments later. This exposes Wang's skills to Uncle Li, who becomes highly interested in recruiting him. When Wang declines, the contest between the Wangs and Uncle Li's gang quickly escalates, with Sha Gen still completely unaware of the danger surrounding him. While the two sides tussle, however, a plainclothes police detective (Zhang Hanyu) has been silently watching and awaiting his chance. As the police force eventually closes in, Uncle Li attempts to make off with Sha Gen's money but is confronted by Wang Bo, who has finally promised to lend his help to Wang Li to protect Sha Gen's innocence. The two engage in a violent hand-to-hand combat. Although Wang succeeds in retrieving the money and giving it back, he is seriously injured in the fray, and subsequently dies. Uncle Li and his gang are all apprehended as the train pulls into station, but the police officer lets Wang Li go on compassionate grounds. Wang Li returns to Tibet sometime later, and prays to the heavens in a show of penance.
Clubland	Australian	drama	Cherie Nowlan	Life for shy 21-year-old Tim Maitland (Khan Chittenden) is not always smooth sailing. His mum Jean (Brenda Blethyn) is a cafeteria worker by day who hits the comedy club circuit by night, while his dad John (Frankie J. Holden) is busy trying to recapture his fifteen minutes of fame from when he was a country and western singer back in 1975. But when the feisty beautiful Jill (Emma Booth) walks into Tim's life, things seem to be looking up. Unfortunately, there's another woman in Tim's life, one who will stand between him and the perfect romance: his mother.
Shining Through	American	drama	David Seltzer	In 1940, Linda Voss (Melanie Griffith), a young woman of Irish/German Jewish parentage, applies for a job as a secretary with a New York City law firm, but is rejected as she didn't graduate from a prestigious women's college. Because she can speak German fluently, she becomes translator to Ed Leland (Michael Douglas), a humourless attorney. After America officially joins forces with the Allies, he emerges as a colonel in the OSS. She accompanies him to confidential meetings in New York and Washington D.C., and they become lovers. When he is suddenly posted away, she is left alone and devastated. Assigned to work in the War Department, Linda hears nothing of Ed until one evening in a restaurant-bar he reappears with an attractive female officer. Reluctant to resume their affair, he does re-employ her. He and his colleagues abruptly need to replace a murdered agent in Berlin at very short notice. Despite knowing little about intelligence work, Linda volunteers and Ed is persuaded by her fluent German and passion to contribute to the war effort. Her mission is to bring back data on the V-1 flying bomb. They travel to Switzerland, where he hands her over to master spy Konrad Friedrichs (John Gielgud), who introduces her to his niece, Margrete von Eberstein (Joely Richardson), a socialite also working as an Allied agent. Linda is planted as a cook in the household of a social-climbing Nazi, but her first dinner is a disaster and she is sacked. She is then taken on as a nanny to the children of Nazi officer Franz-Otto Dietrich (Liam Neeson). While searching for Dietrich's confidential papers - intending to photograph them - she locates her cousins through her contact and reveals their location to Margrete. With the children in her care, she tracks down her relatives' hiding place but they have been captured. Air raid sirens blare, and residents run through the streets as buildings are blown apart by bombs. The attack causes the frightened children to reveal the existence of a hidden room, which Linda finds and secretly photographs Dietrich's top-secret papers. When Dietrich invites her to the opera, her cover is blown by Margrete's mother, who believes her to be a friend of her daughter's from college. She flees from the Dietrich home and seeks sanctuary with Margrete, only to find that she is a double agent who betrayed Linda's cousins. Margrete shoots her, wounding her, but she overpowers Margrete and kills her. She slips down the laundry chute, escaping the German officers raiding Margrete's apartment. Badly wounded, Linda is found by Ed, who has come to Berlin in the guise of a high-ranking German officer. Pretending to be mute as a wounded war veteran, as he does not speak German, he takes her to the railway station, and they travel to the Swiss border with the German Reich. She is barely alive, and his travel papers have not been officially stamped and signed as revealed by the German border guard. Ed's bluff as a mute wounded officer fails to sway the border guards, forcing him to shoot his way out. Carrying Linda, he struggles towards the border. The German sniper guarding it wounds him twice, but he gets himself and Linda across before collapsing. The film closes with a continuation of the interview of an elderly Linda. It is revealed that while she and Ed recovered from their injuries in a Swiss hospital, the microfilm of the secret German documents has been retrieved from a hiding place inside her glove. She waves to him and their two sons. He joins her on camera as the film ends.
Paradise	American	drama	MaryAgnes Donoghue	Willard Young is a 10-year-old boy who is sent by his mother to stay with her best friend Lily Reed, who lives in the Delta shrimp-fishing country in a town called Paradise. Lily and her husband Ben have been living in an unmentioned emotional vacuum since the death of their own three-year-old boy. Willie makes friends with the local 9-year-old tomboy Billie Pike, who teaches him to be comfortable with himself. When Willard gains a handle on his own emotions, he can now help Lily and Ben to connect, overcome grief and rediscover themselves.
The Long Day Closes	British	drama	Terence Davies	The film is set in Liverpool in mid-1950s. The story concerns 11-year-old Bud and his loving mother and siblings. He lives a life rich in imagination, centred on family relationships, church, and the struggles of a shy boy at school. Music and snatches of movie dialogue allow him to enrich his narrow physical environment. Together these fragments, wrote Stephen Holden in the New York Times, evoke a postwar England starved for beauty, fantasy and a place to escape.[2]
Irma Vep	American	drama	Olivier Assayas	Cheung is employed to play the film-within-the-film's heroine, Irma Vep (an anagram for vampire), a burglar, who spends most of the film dressed in a tight, black, latex rubber catsuit, defending her director's odd choices to hostile crew members and journalists. As the film progresses, the plot mirrors the disorientation felt by the film's director. Cheung the character is in many ways seen by other characters as an exotic sex object dressed in a latex catsuit; both the director and Cheung's costume designer Zoe (Nathalie Richard) have crushes on her. The film makes reference to iconic figures in French film history: Louis Feuillade, Musidora, Arletty, François Truffaut, the Groupe SLON, Alain Delon, and Catherine Deneuve. Thematically, the film questions the place of French cinema today. It is not a “mourning for cinema with the romantic nostalgia” but “more like the Mexican Day of the Dead: remembrance as an act of celebration,”[3] so that “It is less a film about re-presenting the past, than it is a film about addressing the present, specifically the place of France within the global economy.”[4]
Moscow Nights	British	drama	Anthony Asquith	During the First World War a wounded Russian officer Captain Ignatoff falls in love with his nurse.[1][2]
Indian Horse	Canadian	drama	Stephen Campanelli	The Indian Horse family, including six-year-old Saul and his older brother, retreat into their ancestral land to avoid the authorities after Saul's older brother is left ill by his time in an Indian residential school. Saul resolves never to go to a school, but his parents, converted to Christianity, are determined their eldest son will assimilate into the faith, and takes him away, leaving Saul with his grandmother. When his grandmother dies, Saul is discovered by the authorities and forcibly moved to a residential school. There, he meets Lonnie, who cannot speak English. Father Quinney and his nun deem Lonnie an unsuitable name and call him Aaron, and forbid the use of their Ojibwe language, beating Lonnie when he cannot comply. In the school, Saul witnesses the nun and instructors abuse the children, and struggles to endure. One instructor, Father Gaston, looks for change and convinces Father Quinney to provide an outdoor activity, ice hockey. Saul does not meet the age requirement to play, but convinces Father Gaston to give him the job of maintaining the rink, which allows him to spend time on the ice. From televised hockey games, he also begins learning techniques. When one of the school's players is injured, Saul steps forward as a substitute and astounds Father Gaston with his demonstrated talent. Saul also declines to join Lonnie's escape attempt; Lonnie is recaptured and punished. The school gives up Saul to a foster home in a mining town, where he can further pursue hockey. Saul joins an all-Indigenous team called the Moose, who travel to games between Indian reserves, and receives the jersey number 13, for luck. Winning a key game, Saul is treated as a star player in Hockey Night in Canada style, but the team faces racial discrimination afterwards in a pub. Saul attracts the notice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, but does not want to leave his friends in the Moose. He team insists he take the offer, and he reluctantly joins the Leafs. There, he keeps his number 13, which no one else wants due to Triskaidekaphobia. Initially excelling, he is nevertheless put off by a racist caricature of him in the newspaper, and stunned when Father Gaston appears, professing pride in where hockey has taken Saul, and admitting the abuses in the school were wrong. On the ice, Saul becomes the target of racist slurs from opponents and teammates alike, while the audience throws toy Indians onto the ice. Pushed into violence, he is confined to the penalty box and leaves the team. Taking odd low-level jobs, he drifts from place to place between 1979 and 1989. He sees Lonnie in an alley, suffering alcoholism. Facing his own health issues after severe damage to his liver, Saul is accepted by the rehabilitation centre Rising Dawn, where a group therapy leader encourages him to confront the root of his suffering. He travels back to the now closed school, where it is revealed that he had been sexually abused by Father Gaston. He makes a pilgrimage back to his ancestral lands, and then returns to his foster family, where he is happily welcomed by his foster family and former Moose teammates.
Moll Flanders	American	drama	Pen Densham	Moll's mother is a convict in Newgate Prison in London who is given a reprieve by pleading her belly, a reference to the custom of staying the executions of pregnant criminals. Her mother is eventually transported to Colonial United States, and Moll Flanders (not her birth name, she emphasizes, taking care not to reveal it) is raised from the age of three until adolescence by a goodly foster mother. Thereafter she gets attached to a household as a servant where she is loved by both sons, the elder of whom convinces her to act like they were married in bed. Unwilling to marry her, he persuades her to marry his younger brother. After five years of marriage, she then is widowed, leaves her children in the care of in-laws, and begins honing the skill of passing herself off as a fortuned widow to attract a man who will marry her and provide her with security. The first time she does this, her gentleman-tradesman spendthrift husband goes bankrupt and flees to the Continent, leaving her on her own with his blessing to do the best she can to forget him. (They had one child together, but it was buried.) The second time, she makes a match that leads her to Virginia with a kindly man who introduces her to his mother. After three children (one dies), Moll learns that her mother-in-law is actually her biological mother, which makes her husband her half-brother. She dissolves their marriage and after continuing to live with her brother for three years, travels back to England, leaving her two children behind, and goes to live in Bath to seek a new husband. Again she returns to her con skills and develops a relationship with a man in Bath whose wife is elsewhere confined due to insanity. Their relationship is at first platonic, but eventually develops into Moll becoming something of a kept woman in Hammersmith, London. They have three children (one lives), but after a severe illness he repents, breaks off the arrangement, and commits to his wife. However, he assures Moll that their son will be well cared for, so she leaves yet another child behind. Moll, now 42, resorts to another beau, a bank clerk, who while still married to an adulterous wife (a whore), proposes to Moll after she entrusts him with her financial holdings. While waiting for the banker to divorce, Moll pretends to have a great fortune to attract another wealthy husband Lancashire, assisted by a new female acquaintance who attests to Moll's (erroneous) social standing. The ruse is successful and she marries a supposedly rich man who claims to own property in Ireland. They each quickly realize that they were both conned and manipulated by the before mentioned new acquaintance. He discharges her from the marriage, telling her nevertheless that she should inherit any money he might ever get. After enjoying each other's company for about a month, they part ways, but Moll soon discovers that she is pregnant. She gives birth and the midwife gives a tripartite scale of the costs of bearing a child, with one value level per social class. She continues to correspond with the bank clerk, hoping he will still have her. Moll leaves her newborn in the care of a countrywoman in exchange for the sum of £5 a year. Moll marries the banker, but realizes what an abominable creature I am! and how this innocent gentleman is going to be abused by me! They live in happiness for five years before he becomes bankrupt and dies of despair, the fate of their two children left unstated. Truly desperate now, Moll begins a career of artful thievery, which, by employing her wits, beauty, charm, and femininity, as well as hard-heartedness and wickedness, brings her the financial security she has always sought. She becomes well known among those in the trade, and is given the name Moll Flanders. She is helped throughout her career as a thief by her Governess, who also acts as receiver. (During this time she briefly becomes the mistress of a man she robbed.) Moll is finally caught by two maids whilst trying to steal from a house. In Newgate she is led to her repentance. At the same time, she reunites with her soulmate, her Lancashire husband, who is also jailed for his robberies (before and after they first met, he acknowledges). Moll is found guilty of felony, but not burglary, the second charge; still, the sentence is death in any case. Yet Moll convinces a minister of her repentance, and together with her Lancashire husband is transported to the Colonies to avoid hanging, where they live happily together (she even talks the ship's captain into not being with the convicts sold upon arrival, but instead in the captain's quarters). Once in the colonies, Moll learns her mother has left her a plantation and that her own son (by her brother) is alive, as is her husband/brother. Moll carefully introduces herself to her brother and their son, in disguise. With the help of a Quaker, the two found a farm with 50 servants in Maryland. Moll reveals herself now to her son in Virginia and he gives her her mother's inheritance, a farm for which he will now be her steward, providing £100 a year income for her. In turn, she makes him her heir and gives him a (stolen) gold watch. At last, her life of conniving and desperation seems to be over. After her husband/brother dies, Moll tells her (Lancashire) husband the entire story and he is perfectly easy on that account... For, said he, it was no fault of yours, nor of his; it was a mistake impossible to be prevented. Aged 69 (in 1683), the two return to England to live in sincere penitence for the wicked lives we have lived.
Phar Lap (a.k.a. Phar Lap: Heart of a Nation)	Australian	drama	Simon Wincer	Phar Lap, known affectionately as Bobby by his strapper Tommy Woodcock (Burlinson), collapses and dies in Woodcock's arms, at Menlo Park in California, in 1932. The news is greeted with great sadness and anger in Australia. The remainder of the film is done as flashback. Five years earlier, Phar Lap arrives in Australia, purchased for ₤168 sight unseen from New Zealand. His trainer Harry Telford (Martin Vaughan), his wife Vi (Celia De Burgh) and young son Cappy watch as he's lowered onto the wharf by sling. Mrs Telford comments that she wonders what his (Telford's) American friend (owner David Davis (Leibman)) will think?. Davis is not impressed with the underweight, wart-ridden colt, calling him a cross between a sheep dog and a kangaroo, and orders Telford to sell him immediately. Telford protests, saying that the horse's pedigree is exceptional, with Carbine The greatest horse of them all on both sides of his bloodlines. Davis agrees to lease him to Telford for three years, keeping only one third of the winnings, though Telford must pay for his upkeep and keep his (Davis's) name out of it. As Phar Lap is brought into the stables, he and Woodcock form a strong bond. After Telford works Phar Lap hard in the sand dunes, the young strapper finds him exhausted in his stable and immediately goes to Telford's home and complains about how hard he works the horse saying that he looked half dead, causing Telford to sack him. However, Telford is soon forced to reinstate Woodcock when Phar Lap stops eating and won't let anyone near him without ripping the shirt from their back. Phar Lap fails badly in his first few races, but Woodcock educates the horse by holding him back in trackwork, sensing that he likes to come from behind, though Telford takes the credit telling Davis that he has knocked that lazy streak out of him at last. After convincing Davis to pay the ₤30 entry fee, this pays off at the 1929 AJC Derby run at the Randwick Racecourse in Sydney. The film shows this as Phar Lap's first win although his first was actually six months earlier in the RRC Maiden Juvenile Handicap at Sydney's other main racecourse Rosehill. The win saves Phar Lap from being sold and the winnings, ₤7,135 (⅓ of which went to Davis) saves Telford from bankruptcy. As the Great Depression bites, Phar Lap wins every race he enters. Davis attempts to capitalise on his success through shady betting schemes with known gambling identity Eric Connolly (John Stanton), something Telford wants no part of. In preparation for the Melbourne Cup, the premier race in Australia, Davis pressures Telford to scratch Phar Lap from the Caulfield Cup, to maximise Davis's betting returns. Under great financial pressure, Telford reluctantly agrees. As Woodcock walks the horse back from track work, someone tries to shoot the horse in the street. Woodcock and Phar Lap go into hiding at a stud farm outside Melbourne, arriving at Flemington Racecourse at the very last minute for the 1930 Melbourne Cup. Phar Lap wins, ridden by champion jockey Jim Pike (James Steele). In the 1931 Cup, the VRC, led by its Chairman Lachlan McKinnon (Vincent Ball), imposes an unprecedented weight of 10 st 10 lb (68 kg), to better horse racing and refuses to allow Davis to scratch his horse. Phar Lap surges to the lead but fades and finishes eighth, and the racing authorities face jeering crowds. The horse is now back under Davis's control, after the three-year agreement runs out. Davis then offers half of Phar Lap's ownership to Telford for ₤20,000, for which Telford refuses. Telford then has a hoof injury faked on the horse and hoodwinks Davis into thinking that the Red Terror is lame and agreeing to sell the half share for only ₤4,000. Davis realises he's been had when Phar lap easily wins his next race. After the 1931 Melbourne Cup, Davis is approached by Jim Crofton (Roger Newcombe) about racing Phar Lap in the Agua Caliente Handicap at the Agua Caliente Racetrack in Tijuana, Mexico. Davis, knowing that the horse would never be allowed to race fairly in Australia while being so heavily weighted and also knowing that Weight for Age races offered less prize money, agrees but has to convince Telford it's worthwhile. Telford initially disagrees citing Australia's Quarantine Laws, but reluctantly agrees after Davis convinces him of the financial windfall if Phar Lap wins. Telford, saying that it has brought him nothing but trouble refuses to go himself, preferring to concentrate on his new stud and stables at Braeside, south of Melbourne and promotes Woodcock to be Phar Lap's trainer knowing the horse wouldn't do anything without Woodcock there with him. Also traveling with Phar Lap are 'Cashy' Martin (Richard Morgan) as his new strapper, veterinarian Bill Nielsen (Robert Grubb) and jockey Billy Elliot (Paul Riley). After arriving in the United States, Davis is forced to confront Crofton after finding that the race's purse has been halved from US$100,000 to $50,000. Woodcock soon clashes with Davis over the new trainers softer methods and sometimes non-cooperative ways, including taking Phar Lap away from a press conference and back to his stable before the conference was finished. When questioned by Crofton about sacking Woodcock, Davis explains that If I did the goddamn horse would sit in his stall for the next month and cry. Woodcock also doesn't listen to advice about different horse shoes to suit the different track surface and Phar Lap badly cracks his front right hoof further hampering his preparation for the big race. Before the race word gets out that some jockeys may have been bribed to keep him boxed into the rails during the race not allowing him to win and keep gamblers from losing large amounts of money so Davis instructs Billy Elliot to lead from the start. Behind Davis's back, Woodcock immediately counters this by telling Elliot to run Phar Lap's normal race of starting slow and finishing fast. Using Woodcock's advice (which initially angers Davis), Phar Lap wins the Agua Caliente Handicap in Mexico, blood streaming from a split hoof. He dies soon after, in suspicious circumstances.
Andaz	Bollywood	drama	Ramesh Sippy	This film tells the story of a widow Sheetal (Hema Malini) who is left devastated after the death of her husband Raj, (Rajesh Khanna). She is left with a son to take care of for life. By profession, she is a teacher in a school. One of her students is the daughter of widower Ravi (Shammi Kapoor). The children become instrumental in getting the single parents to meet and fall in love with each other. Andaz was one of the last movies for which the great music directors duo, Shankar- Jaikishan composed music together. Jaikishan died of liver cirrhosis on 12 September 1971 at the young age of 42. Zindagi Ek Safar Hai Suhana (Life is a beautiful journey) turned out to be the last song that Jaikishan recorded before his death. Andaz also proved to be the last hit for Shammi Kapoor as a lead. The success of this movie is credited to the Rajesh Khanna Mania of the 70s, as Rajesh Khanna only appeared for 15 minutes in the movie, and still created a stir. However, Shammi's performance was well received and it is considered to have been one of the most uncharacteristic roles in his acting career. So also, Ajit played a sympathetic man who repents for his mistake not to accept Hema Malini as his daughter in law after the death of his son Rajesh Khanna.
The House of the Spirits	American	drama	Bille August	A young woman, Blanca Trueba (Winona Ryder), arrives at a house with an old man and the young woman starts remembering her life. Blanca's mother, Clara del Valle (Meryl Streep) was a child with psychic power when Esteban Trueba (Jeremy Irons) came to propose to Clara's older sister, Rosa del Valle. Esteban left his fiancée with her family to earn money for their wedding. One day, Clara has a vision and tells her sister Rosa that there will be a death in the family. The next day, Rosa dies after drinking poison intended for her father, Senator Severo. Clara blames herself for her sister's death, and after watching her sister's autopsy, decides never to speak again. Esteban was heartbroken. At home, his sister, Férula (Glenn Close) lives and takes care of their sick mother. Esteban used the money he earned from mining and bought a hacienda, Tres Marías. He finds many natives living on his land and tells them to work for him for food and shelter. For the next twenty years, Esteban makes Tres Marías an example of a successful Hacienda. One day he rapes a peasant girl, Pancha García (Sarita Choudhury) and she gave birth to a son. He spends some nights with Tránsito, a local prostitute (María Conchita Alonso), to whom he lends money so she can start a new career in the capital. Twenty years later, Esteban receives a letter that his mother has died. After her funeral, Esteban decides to ask for Clara's hand, despite Férula's protests that Clara is too sickly and will not take care of him properly. When he shows up at the Del Valle family's house, Clara asks him right away if he has come to ask her to marry him, thus speaking again for the first time in twenty years. Férula meets Clara at a coffee shop to talk about her own future, and Clara, sensing Férula's worries, promises her that she can live with her and Esteban in Tres Marías after the wedding and the two will be like sisters. Clara gives birth to a girl as she predicted, and names her Blanca. One day, the girl whom Esteban raped, Pancha García appears at the family house with Esteban's illegitimate teenage son, Esteban García and asks for money. Esteban Trueba gives them some money and harshly orders them never to come back threatening to have his dogs attack them both if they return. Clara holds classes for the peasant children and Blanca. Pedro Tercero, the young son of Esteban's foreman Segundo at Tres Marias befriends Blanca and the two become playmates. Esteban Trueba does not like his daughter playing with a peasant boy and sends Blanca to a boarding school. After graduating from school, Blanca returns home to Tres Marías and meets with Pedro Tercero (Antonio Banderas) by the lagoon every night. One night while Esteban attends a political meeting, there is an earthquake; he worries about Clara and Blanca, goes home to Tres Marías and finds that Férula has climbed into bed with Clara. He is so angry that he throws Férula out of the house telling her never to come back. Férula curses Esteban but leaves. Clara is deeply disappointed that Esteban would kick his sister out of their family home. One day Esteban brings the French Count Jean de Satigny (Jan Niklas) to his home intending to arrange a marriage between him and Blanca. Clara senses that the French nobleman is a fraud while reading cards, but Esteban dismisses her folly. While Satigny is still visiting, Esteban catches Pedro preaching revolutionary ideas that are critical of wealthy landowners like Esteban to the peasant workers. Esteban orders the workers to return to work and punishes Pedro with a fierce whipping and banishes him from Tres Marías. That night at dinner, Férula suddenly appears in the house, kisses Clara on the forehead and leaves again. Clara tells the rest of the family that Férula has died. Clara and Esteban drive into town to Férula's modest house where they find her dead on the bed. Pedro returns to Tres Marías to talk to the peasants about their rights and nearly gets shot by Esteban. That night, Count Jean de Satigny, who is visiting again, watches Blanca and Pedro meeting secretly at the lagoon. He reveals Blanca's lover to her father who immediately drags Blanca back to the house. When Clara tries to persuade him not to be violent, Esteban hits his wife and she falls. Esteban immediately expresses his regret, but Clara tells him in shock and agony that she will never speak to him again. Clara moves with Blanca to her parents' home in the capital. Blanca becomes pregnant with Pedro's child and gives birth to a girl named Alba. Esteban is busy with his political career as a senator, but as an old man he is lonely and finds comfort in the arms of Tránsito, who now runs a high-class prostitution establishment. During the national election, Esteban believes his Conservative Party will win as usual, but the People's Front ends up winning control of the government. Blanca goes out on the street to celebrate and to meet Pedro, now a leading figure in the People's Front. Clara stays home with Alba to decorate the house for Christmas, where after what seems like a heart attack she passes away, instructing the little girl to give the diaries she had kept all her life to her mother Blanca, so that she may understand better that and how events are related. Meanwhile, a conspiracy between some Conservative Party members and the military leads to a coup d'état, and the military takes control of the country. At first, Esteban believes it is good for the country and that the military will hand power back to the Conservative Party, but he soon learns that the military have other plans. Under the control of the military, people associated with the People's Party are captured and even killed. Blanca is very involved and eventually the police come to arrest her for being with Pedro Tercero. Blanca reveals to her father that Pedro has been hiding in their house's cellar and begs him to help Pedro get out of the country. In the coming days, Blanca is tortured and abused by her half-brother, Esteban García, who had joined the military with his father's help. Esteban honours his daughter's wishes and helps Pedro Tercero find exile in Canada. Esteban then turns to Tránsito, now an influential Madam with lots of connections to high level military figures, to help free Blanca. One morning, a beaten and raped Blanca arrives at her home and Esteban tells her that Pedro is waiting for her in Canada. Blanca and Esteban return to Tres Marías with Alba. Esteban is finally visited by Clara's spirit who has come to help the old man on to the next world. Blanca sits outside and ponders her life, looking forward to a life with Pedro and her daughter Alba.
Norte, the End of History *(2014 commercial release) (limited release)	Filipino	drama	Lav Diaz	The lives of three people take a turn when one of them commits a crime. Joaquin (Archie Alemania) is failing miserably at providing for his family. When his money lender gets murdered, the crime is pinned on him. Misery and solitude transform him in prison. Left to fend for the family, his wife Eliza (Angeli Bayani) pours all of her strength to battling with despair and eking out a living for their children. The real perpetrator, Fabian (Sid Lucero), roams free. His disillusionment with his country—its history of revolutions marred by betrayal and crimes unpunished—drives him to the edge of sanity.[7]
Apur Panchali	Bengali	drama	Kaushik Ganguly	The film follows the journey of Subir Banerjee the child actor who portrayed Apu of Satyajit Ray's masterpiece Pather Panchali. The events take place in two time periods. While the present day events are shot in color the past events are in black and white. Parallels are drawn between Subir's life and the Apu trilogy throughout the film. The film opens with a film school student Arka (Gaurav Chakrabarty) who comes to deliver a letter, an invite to attend a prestigious award ceremony in Germany to an older Subir Banerjee (Ardhendu Banerjee). Now retired, lost-in-the-crowd Subir initially doesn't want to receive the letter but he eventually agrees after Arka convinces him. Subir recounts his days working for Pather Panchali to Arka. They also visit an old broken house where the film was shot. Arka collects a brick from the house as a souvenir. Later, as they prepare for their journey to Germany, Subir narrates his life story to Arka. After Subir's brother went away to work in Dhanbad, Subir; now in his 20's; had to give up his football career to take care of his ill father and help his mother in her household chores. On the advice of his friend Subir gets married to Ashima (Parno Mittra), the daughter of a wealthy villager in Burdwan, after his father passes away. Two years into their marriage, Ashima gets pregnant. In the present, Subir and Arka open up to each other. Arka talks about his late father, whom he deeply admired. Subir reveals that due to jaundice, Ashima gave premature birth and the baby died soon after. Ashima went into depression and died, too. Subir thus became heart-broken and isolated himself. As Arka and Subir board the plane to Germany, Arko thanks Subir; for this was his first business-class trip; to which Subir says, he ought to thank Apu, since it is his first time on a plane. Subir, on request of his mother, comes to return all of Ashima's belonging to her native house. Her grandmother asks him to bathe in the local pond and stay for lunch. Subir goes to the pond and as he prepares for bathe, a young boy asks him if his name is Apu, to which Subir weepingly nods (which actually means that the young boy is none but Arka!) As the credits roll, Subir Banerjee is shown being felicitated at the International Preis für Film und Medianmusik, Germany.
Alien Nation: Dark Horizon	American	drama	Kenneth Johnson	In a recapitulation of the series cliffhanger, Alien Nation: Dark Horizon begins with Susan Francisco and her daughter Emily falling victim to a newly developed viral infection that was created by a group of human Purists to exterminate the Newcomer species. There is also a new sub-plot running parallel to this one, the story of Ahpossno, a Tenctonese Overseer who lands on Earth to find any surviving Tenctonese and bring them back into slavery. The idea of a signal sent into space by the surviving Overseers was explored in the Alien Nation episode Contact. (The series episode ended with contaminated flowers being delivered to the Francisco family and Cathy informing Matt that they have been hospitalised. However Dark Horizon seems to retcon the end of the previous episode by having similar events taking place at the beginning of the episode which seems to be set 4 years later.
Banshi	Bangladeshi	drama	Abu Sayeed	Arif, whose dream is to make film, went to a remote village from Dhaka city for attending a fair. He was accompanied by Saila, who was not previously known to him. The rural sights and culture overwhelmed both of them. But, they felt embarrassed when two of the influential families of that village engaged in quarrelling for a trivial incident. Many things were not consistent with the dream of Arif. He found similarities in the two families with the social reality of three hundred years old Shakespeare’s “Romeo and Juliet” and hundred fifty years old Tolstoy’s “ Little Girls Wiser than Men ”. Frustrated Arif, and he found one of his dreams’ sights as well. Both film and reality compiled together in his imagination. He became one of the characters of the film.
Mr. and Mrs. Bridge	American	drama	James Ivory	The story of a traditional family living in the Country Club District of Kansas City, Missouri, during the 1930s and 1940s. The Bridges grapple with changing mores and expectations. Mr. Bridge (Paul Newman), is a lawyer who resists his children's rebellion against the conservative values he holds dear. Mrs. Bridge (Joanne Woodward), labors to maintain a Pollyanna view of the world against her husband's emotional distance and her children's eagerness to adopt a world view more modern than her own.
The Belstone Fox	British	drama	James Hill	The Belstone Fox is the nickname given to Tag, a fox cub rescued from the woods and adopted by huntsman Asher. The young fox is reared in captivity with a litter of hound puppies, including Merlin, with whom Tag becomes especially friendly. Asher is devoted to Tag, who combines cool cunning and knowledge of human habitation to lead the pack and hunters in many a merry chase. Asher, though now an outsider to the hunt club, is mildly amused and protective of the fox. However, when Tag leads the hunt into the path of a train and many hounds are killed, he determines to bring down the fox in the approved manner, rather than with a firearm, and dies in the attempt.
Heavy	American	drama	James Mangold	The film begins at Pete and Dolly's, a small roadside diner/tavern in sleepy upstate New York, where thirty-something Victor (Pruitt Taylor Vince) is a cook employed by his mother, Dolly (Shelley Winters), the owner of the restaurant. Dolly spends most of her time sitting in a chair in the back of the kitchen, reminiscing about her late husband and antagonizing waitress Delores (Deborah Harry), a lonely woman who has worked at the restaurant for fifteen years, and also had a meaningless affair with Dolly's husband. The routine and rhythm of the restaurant is changed when Dolly hires a new waitress, Callie (Liv Tyler). She is sweet and soft-spoken, and a college drop out. She catches the eye of the painfully shy, overweight Victor. Callie's presence complicates the lives of the rest of the employees, and even some of the local regulars, such as Leo (Joe Grifasi), an alcoholic friend of Delores and long-time customer of Dolly's. Throughout the film, Victor, who is so shy he can hardly communicate with Callie, develops a crush on her, despite her already having a boyfriend. Callie, impressed by Victor's cooking, suggests he attend the fancy cooking school across the river—the Culinary Institute of America—a thought which is considered by Victor but dismissed by both his mother and Delores. Victor subtly vies for Callie's attention, but her feelings for him are of a platonic nature. Nonetheless, she finds companionship in him. Meanwhile, Dolly depends on Victor greatly, as he still lives at home with her and takes care of the household work and shopping. Eventually Dolly's health begins to decline, and she is hospitalized after suffering a heart attack. After several weeks, when Callie demands to see Dolly, Victor takes her to the local cemetery where Dolly has been buried. Victor had not told anyone at the restaurant of his mother's death, fearing that it would change things. Callie breaks down crying, and doesn't return for her following shift at the restaurant. Victor's issues of self-esteem, stemming from his weight and the revelation of his mother's death come to surface several nights later at the restaurant, when Callie arrives after closing to collect her check and say goodbye. He asks for her to come and visit occasionally and she agrees—she plans on going back home and returning to college. The film ends with a slightly more confident Victor at the local grocery mart, chatting with a female cashier who appeared throughout the film.
Toll Booth	Turkish	drama	Tolga Karaçelik	Kenan is a 35-year-old toll booth attendant still living with his father who suffers from heart disease. Shy and withdrawn, he prefers to live in his own head rather than engaging with the people around him. He works at a busy toll station, and is known to talk to himself occasionally while working. As with everyone else, his relationship with his father is one of reserve and distance. During the day, Nurgül takes care of Kenan’s ailing father. In her early 30s, talkative and maternal, Nurgül has known the family since her childhood, including Kenan’s mother who died many years ago. Stuck between work and home, Kenan’s humdrum life takes a dramatic turn when the newly appointed toll booth manager visits for supervision.
Sa 'Yo Lamang	Filipino	drama	Laurice Guillen	Dianne seems to have a happy family. She and her mom just bought a house for them, her younger siblings are doing great at school, and her boyfriend of two years is already preparing for their future together. But everything in her life shatters when her dad, Franco, returns after ten years of being with his mistress. More than the irritating presence of Franco, what hurts Dianne the most is how her mom wholeheartedly accepts Franco back to live with them again, and how her siblings allow him to be their father again, as if he never left. Confused and hurt, Dianne does everything to throw Franco out of their lives. But as she succeeds with her plans, she is shocked to learn that their family’s problem is more than the return of the man who has hurt her in the past.And thus the start of the journey of Dianne and her family as they discover their family’s secrets.
The Lemon Sisters	American	drama	Joyce Chopra	Three lifelong friends work the bars in 1980's Atlantic City performing the songs of the 60's girl groups.
