Ela Cheppanu	Telugu	romance	Ramana	Sekhar (Tarun) is a graduate from IIM and works as a business manager in a firm in Hyderabad. He meets Amar Varma (Siva Balaji) in a business party who runs a company named Varma Industries in Germany. When the party is over, Sekhar accidentally kills Amar with his car. Sekhar's friend Sunil (Sunil) saves him by erasing the evidence, but Sekhar feels guilty even after six months. He goes to Germany along with Sunil to visit Amar's family. They find that their business is in a bad condition and want to help them by reviving it with his business skills. Priya (Shriya), who was engaged to Amar earlier is trying her level best to run the business, but helpless to run it smoothly. Sekhar introduces himself to Priya and offer his help to revive the business. The remaining story is about how Sekhar helps the business grow and win Priya's heart in that process.
Love Guru	Kannada	romance	Shashank	Kushi (Radhika Pandit), Pratham (Tarun) and Sharan attend an interview where all the 3 are selected. Pratham starts loving Kushi and proposes her but everyone thinks he was trying to fool her as it was 1 April. Later she marries her boss Abhi (Dilip Raj) not knowing that Pratham is in love with her. At her wedding reception, Pratham gives her a rose and announces in front of all that he loves her. But Kushi and Abhi ignore the incident as they think that he wants to give a shock to them.. But he continues to pine for Kushi, and, finally, quits his job much to Kushi's dismay. When another woman enters his life, the heart-broken Pratham decides to start life afresh.
Happily Ever After	Hong Kong	romance	Ivy Kong	Au-yeung Goon-nam (Michelle Wai) and Sze Tso-chi (Ken Hung) share the same birthday, go to the same school, love photography, and are just as competitive. But they did not know of each other’s existence until they “crossed swords” at a debate tournament. And they both felt as if the fairytale prince and princess finally found each other. Later in a birthday party, Nam thought Chi played a trick on her, leaving a slap on his face. Four years later, Nam encounters his ghost and learns that he is already dead...
Style	Bollywood	romance	N. Chandra	The film revolves round two slap-happy college students, Bantu (Sharman Joshi) and Chantu (Sahil Khan), who stand out in the college for their expertise in ragging and playing pranks, and ability to outfox others. As their college life nears an end, the duo begin to realize that they need to start getting more serious about their life and career. Realising that they are not cut out for a life of struggle and hard work, Bantu comes up with an idea to trick two rich girls into marrying them so that they can spend their lives comfortably which lead them to focus their attention on rich teenyboppers Sheena (Riya Sen) and Rani (Shilpi Mudgal) and set about wooing the two girls to win their love and ultimately the key to becoming rich. A mysterious woman named Nikki Malhotra (Tara Deshpande) enters the scene, and pretty soon Chantu and Bantu get embroiled in a murder mystery.
Fidaa	Telugu	romance	Sekhar Kammula	Varun(Varun Tej) is a non-resident Indian who lives in Texas, United States of America with his elder brother Raju (Raja Chembolu) and adopted, younger brother Bujji (Aryan). He is a medical student aiming to become a neurosurgeon. Varun comes to India along with his younger brother for Raju's marriage to Renuka (Sharanya Pradeep), whose family hails from Banswada in Telangana. There he meets Bhanumathi (Sai Pallavi), Renuka's younger sister. Bhanu is a beautiful and naughty girl who doesn't want to feel secondary to anyone. Gradually Varun and Bhanu develop a liking for each other but don't express it. Bhanu loves her father very dearly and doesn't believe in leaving him after her marriage. One day, she overhears Varun talking to his cousin Shailu (Manisha Eerabathini) about the opportunities in USA compared to India which he deems unfit for settling. Disheartened, Bhanu decides to forget Varun and her feelings for him and starts to ignore him. After his brother's marriage Varun returns to USA but can't stop remembering Bhanu all the time. Hence decides to confess his love to her. But Bhanumathi gives him a rude answer which enrages Varun widening the rift between them even further. Bhanu finally agrees to marry a man of her father's choice but realizes she isn't comfortable with him even before marriage. Meanwhile, Renuka becomes pregnant and is advised bed rest by the doctors. Bhanu is sent to USA by her father to help Renuka cope up with the pregnancy. Varun starts being inconsiderate to Bhanu during her stay with them. This disturbs Bhanu and an argument takes place between them after which she decides to leave for India in a week. Before leaving, Bhanu decides to visit her friend in USA and Varun is asked to drop Bhanu at her friend's place. On the way, both make amends and decide to stay as good friends. During the course of their journey, both start rediscovering their feelings for each other. Before leaving at the airport, Bhanu runs to Varun and hugs him with tearful eyes. Varun understands that Bhanu still loves him and goes to India to ask her hand in marriage. Bhanu's father advises her to follow her heart and marry Varun instead of the man he chose to which she agrees. Though she is happy that she is getting married to Varun, she is apprehensive about leaving her father and her village. After the wedding ceremony, Bhanu starts packing her luggage to leave for the USA. Renuka then tells her the truth that Varun actually gave up his life in USA and decided to settle in her village. Overjoyed, Bhanu runs to Varun and asks him how he could do this to which he answers that where ever she is, it is his world because he loves her a lot. Varun later decides to establish a hospital in the village and both of them live happily ever after.
Oka Manasu	Telugu	romance	Rama Raju Gottimukkala	Sandhya (Niharika Konidela), a young medical student falls deeply in love at first sight with Surya (Naga Shourya) who is an youngster with political aspirations. Surya does small-time ‘settlements’ as he awaits a chance to contest the local elections. Sandhya understands that the path ahead of her is not easy when she sees Surya roughing up people every now and then. The rest of the plot is about how the romance unfolds during a monsoon in a poetic setting.
Aap Ke Deewane	Bollywood	romance	Surendra Mohan	Ram (Rishi Kapoor) and Rahim (Rakesh Roshan) are inseparable childhood friends. They complete their schooling and enroll in a hostel to complete their education. They get enrolled in a college for further education where they excel in studies. This does not augur well with their fellow collegian, Kundan (Ranjeet), who has them framed for sexually molesting a female, whereby both get rusticated from the college. With no other means to survive, both assume the identity of a male and female and get employed as tutors to the commonly adopted daughter of multi-millionaires Inshallah Khan (Ashok Kumar) and retired Colonel, Thakur Vikramjit Singh (Pran) Sameera (Tina Munim). Eventually, both fall in love with Sameera with each wanting her for himself, but it is up to Sameera to choose her prospective life partner.
Made for Each Other	American	romance	John Cromwell	John Mason (James Stewart) is a young, somewhat timid attorney in New York City. He has been doing his job well, and he has a chance of being made a partner in his law firm, especially if he marries Eunice (Ruth Weston), the daughter of his employer, Judge Doolittle. However, John meets Jane (Carole Lombard) during a business trip, and they fall in love and marry immediately. Eunice eventually marries another lawyer in the firm, Carter (Donald Briggs). John's mother (Lucile Watson) is disappointed with his choice, and an important court trial forces him to cancel the honeymoon. He wins the case, but by that time Judge Doolittle has chosen John's kowtowing coworker Carter as the new partner. Jane encourages John to demand a raise and a promotion, but with finances tightened by the Depression, Doolittle requires that all employees accept pay cuts. After Jane has a baby, John becomes discouraged by his unpaid bills and by tension between Jane and his mother, who lives with them in their small apartment. On New Year's Eve, 1938–39, the baby is rushed to the hospital with pneumonia. The baby will die within hours unless a serum is delivered by plane from Salt Lake City. Doolittle agrees to provide funding to deliver the serum, but with a storm raging, and with a wife and children to consider, the pilot refuses to fly. John pleads over the telephone, and the pilot's unmarried friend takes the job. The new pilot almost crashes in the mountains, and the plane's engine catches fire a short distance from New York. The pilot is also injured and knocked unconscious after jumping from the plane and parachuting to safety, but he crawls to a nearby farm house after he comes to. The farmer sees the box containing the serum and telephones the hospital, and the baby is saved. A few years later, John is made partner at the law firm and his son has just spoken his first words.
The Third Way of Love	Chinese	romance	John H. Lee	A love story of Lin Qi Zheng (Song Seung-Heon), who is from a rich family, and Zhou Yu (Yifei Liu) who is a smart and beautiful lawyer.
The Lake House	American	romance	Alejandro Agresti	In 2006, Dr. Kate Forrester (Sandra Bullock) is leaving a lake house that she has been renting in Madison, Wisconsin to move to Chicago. Kate leaves a note in the mailbox for the next tenant to forward her mail, adding that the paint-embedded pawprints on the path leading to the house were already there when she arrived. Two years earlier in 2004, Alex Wyler (Reeves), an architect, arrives at the lake house and finds Kate's letter in the mailbox. The house is neglected, with no sign of paw prints anywhere. During the subsequent restoration of the house, a dog runs through Alex's paint and leaves fresh paw prints right where Kate said they would be. Baffled, Alex writes back, asking how Kate knew about the paw prints since the house was unoccupied until he arrived. On Valentine's Day 2006, Kate witnesses a traffic accident near Daley Plaza and tries to save the male victim, unsuccessfully. She impulsively drives back to the lake house, finds Alex's letter and writes back. Both Alex and Kate continue passing messages to each other via the mailbox, and each watches its flag go up and down as the message leaves and the reply arrives as they wait at the mailbox. They cautiously look around each time the flag changes, hoping to somehow spot the other. It is in vain as they are alone at the mailbox. They then discover that they are living exactly two years apart. Their correspondence takes them through several events, including Alex finding a book, Jane Austen's Persuasion, at a railway station where Kate said she would have lost it, and Alex taking Kate on a walking tour of his favorite places in Chicago via an annotated map that he leaves in the mailbox. Alex eventually meets Kate at her boyfriend's party but he doesn't mention their exchange of letters to her because she did not know him at that time. She later remembered the meeting as a vague memory in the past. For Alex, the meeting happened in the present but for Kate, it had already taken place in the past without her knowing that it was Alex. As Alex and Kate continue to write each other, they decide to try to meet again. Alex makes a reservation at the Il Mare restaurant for March 2007 — two years into Alex's future, but only a day away for Kate. Kate goes to the restaurant but Alex fails to show. Heartbroken, Kate asks Alex not to write her again, recounting the accident a year before. Both Alex and Kate leave the lake house, continuing on with their separate lives. On Valentine's Day 2006 for Alex, Valentine's Day 2008 for Kate, he returns to the lake house after something about the day triggers a memory. Meanwhile, Kate goes to an architect to review the renovation plans for a house she wants to buy. A drawing of the lake house on the conference room wall catches her attention and upon asking, Henry Wyler informs her the artist was his brother, Alex, and Kate realizes that this was the same Alex with whom she had been corresponding. She also learns that Alex was killed in a traffic accident exactly two years ago to the day and realizes why he never showed up for their date - he was the man who died in Daley Plaza. Rushing to the lake house, Kate frantically writes a letter telling Alex she loves him, but begs him not to try to find her if he loves her back. Wait two years, she says, and come to the lake house instead. Meanwhile, Alex has gone to Daley Plaza to look for Kate. At the lake house, Kate drops to her knees sobbing, fearing that she has arrived too late to stop Alex. After a long pause, the mailbox flag finally lowers; Alex has picked up her note. Not long afterwards, a familiar mint-green truck pulls up. She walks forward smiling as the driver, clad in jeans and a familiar tan jacket, approaches. She and Alex kiss and walk toward the lake house.
Nenu Sailaja	Telugu	romance	Kishore Tirumala	The film starts with Hari (Ram Pothineni) sitting by the beach, thinking of love and its consequences. Hari used to propose to every girl that he came across but was turned down every time. He grows up and becomes a DJ. He lives with his father, mother and twin sister Swecha (Sreemukhi) He still tries to woo every girl he comes across but fails. To overcome this depression, he sits with his best friend by the beach and they see a couple which infuriates him. He then starts drinking with his friend and believes that there is no chance of love in his life and shares his 1st love in the village with a girl where Hari was staying before his father was transferred to Vizag. Hari, in inebriated condition, is about to fall into the sea. But he is saved by Shailu (Keerthy Suresh). Hari asks her to drop him home as he has no money or vehicle to get home. Shailu offers lift but drops him in the middle as she thinks he is trying to woo her and even doesn't tell him her name when asked by Hari. He then tells his friend that if god exists, he will never meet her again. Next day in the hospital Hari encounters a young mute girl Pooja and very politely asks about her name and school to which she responds by expressions. Shailu, also present in the hospital, gets impressed by Hari's behaviour and notes down his phone number when Hari gives Pooja his number by finger expressions. In another incident when the roads are blocked by goons in order to inaugurate a statue by the minister, Hari beats them up and gives way to a passing ambulance which again impresses Shailu who was also present there. Meanwhile, it is revealed that Shailu was the girl with whom Hari first fell in love. Meanwhile, a local rowdy Maharishi (Pradeep Rawat) goes to Shailu's office and threatens Keerti (Dhanya Balakrishna) who is Shailu's friend and tells her to forget her boyfriend as he is marrying someone else. Shailu then calls Hari and asks for his help. They meet and there Hari reveals his name to Shailu and Keerti. Hari devises a plan and fools Maharishi by talking him to a woman who claims that she is her childhood lover Suchitra and Keerti is her daughter. This results in Keerti's marriage with her lover. When she tries to hug Hari, she is stopped by Shailu who is jealous of her hugs as Keerti hugged him twice before. Keerti then asks Hari to make Shailu fall in love with him. Hari, now fallen in love and Shailu spend time with each other. One day he drops her from office to home when she reveals that she has to go to Goa the very next day for an ad shoot. Hari drops her to airport by car where Shailu asks him to come to Goa along with him to which he agrees. During the ad shoot Hari recognizes that Shailu is the girl that he had fallen in love in his childhood. They spend good time together in Goa where Shailu tells him that the boy who lived near her house used to make her smile and today Hari is making her smile without knowing that it was Hari. After they come back to Hyderabad, Hari takes Shailu to her home and introduces her to his family members during which she comes to know that Hari was the boy who made her happy during her childhood by seeing the childhood photos of Hari in his home. She then gets a call from her mother to return to the village as soon as possible. Hari fails to contact Shailu for a few days. So he sits in beach thinking about her which is the starting part of the story. Mahrishi arrives there and asks him about Shailu. Shailu arrives and Hari tells her about his feelings to which she replies that  Hari, I love you but I am not in love with you which has totally confused Hari. Meanwhile, goons come to kidnap Shailu as her father refused to sell a part of his land. Hari thrashes them and asks Shailu about her problem. She then leaves. After a few days Hari joins a meditation centre to relive the thoughts of Shailu. He then sees his sister Swecha with her boyfriend at a bar one night. At home when Hari complains about the relationship,it is revealed that her boyfriend is Ashok who is Shailu's brother. It is also revealed that Shailu's aunt had asked her hand for her son Amar's marriage from her father Srinivas Rao (Sathyaraj). Hari, now understood the situation meets Ashok and tells him that he has to know is family first in order to get them married. To Shailu's susprise he meets her family as Ashok's friend. Ashok comes to know from a phone call from Maharishi that Hari has actually come for Shailu. He gets well with the family members and then uses this opportunity to get the family members close to each other as they had no proper bonding in between due to some misunderstanding when Shailu was born. He makes Shailu's grandfather (Vijayakumar) reunited with his son Srinivas and realises Shailu of her mistake, which was that her father is not a good father. Things go as per plan until Maharishi arrives to attend the wedding thinking that Shailu and Hari are getting married. He is about to spoil everything when Hari saves everything in time. Shailu then asks Hari to leave the place as soon as possible as it would cause no benefit to him. 2 days prior to the marriage, Shailu hugs Hari as she thinks she would lose him forever which is seen by the house maid. She then tells Shailu's mother that she thinks Shailu is not happy with the marriage, upon asking Shailu to which she agrees. The next day while her mother shares this experience to the family, Srinivas Rao gets a call that Shailu has been kidnapped. He orders Hari to get her back to which he succeeds. Now Maharshi tells everything to the family members about their love story upon which Hari and Maharishi are thrown out of the house by Amar. Shailu then tells her father that she loved Hari and no one can understand her better than him and said that she cannot live without him. On the marriage day, Srinivas takes Shailu to the railway station where she meets Hari and tells him that she loves him. Hari reveals that he would not let the marriage happen at any cost, so he had waited. Meanwhile, Srinivas Rao gets a call from her sister that Amar is missing who is actually kidnapped by Maharishi. Thus Hari and Shailu are reunited. Shailu is now married to Hari. They now have a baby daughter. The film ends with Sailu visiting her father at her hometown.
Mannin Maindhan	Tamil	romance	Rama Narayanan	Bhairavamurthy (Manoj K. Jayan) and Gajapathy (Ponnambalam) are two landlords in a village who fight with each other. Bhairavamurthy's wife and his car driver get killed by Gajapathy's henchmen. Kadhir (Sibiraj), the car driver's son, decided to take revenge on Gajapathy one day and grew him up in Bhairavamurthy's house. Amutha (Suha), Bhairavamurthy's daughter, returns to the village from her college and she falls in love with Kadhir. Bhairavamurthy decides, to join his hands with Gajapathy, to kill his faithful henchman. The couple elopes from the house and runs around village. Pratap (Sathyaraj), an honest cop, saves them. The henchmen, who worked with the landlords, lay down their arms and support the couple. Bhairavamurthy and Gajapathy decide to kill both Kadhir, but they kill each other.
Solva Saal	Bollywood	romance	Raj Khosla	Laaj (Waheeda Rehman) whose father has arranged for her to get married to a friend's son, takes a family heirloom; pearl necklaces and elopes with her beau Shyam to Bombay. On the train, a crafty journalist named Pran (Dev Anand) overhears the lovers' plans and follows them in search of a story. Then Shyam gets off the train and runs off with the necklace. In pursuit of Shyam and to recover the necklace, it's Pran to the rescue. What follows is a song-filled caper of intrigue, adventure and romance, all set in one eventful night. Laaj is helped by Pran, first on the railway track, then when Laaj is depressed, she tries to commit suicide by jumping into the sea. a brief interlude with the taxi drivers, who put themselves on the track of Shyam, and with twists and turns the necklace is retrieved, and Laaj reaches home in time before her father wakes up and notices her absence. Young Laaj is wiser by the events of the night and realises that her Beau was only interested in her wealth. She agrees to go with her Father to send him off at the airport and also to meet up there with her Father's friend and his son, to whom her father would like her to get married. A rather subdued Laaj is waiting at the airport with her Father, when he notices his friend and his son coming up to meet them, and he tells Laaj there is the boy I want you to marry, I like him a lot, but I want you to see him and decide. Laaj looks up towards the person her father pointed out, and suddenly she breaks out into a smile. Life is worth living after all.
Dikkulu Choodaku Ramayya	Telugu	romance	Trikoti	Gopala Krishna (Ajay) is a bank employee whose age is nearing 40. He married an innocent woman named Bhavani (Indaraja) at the age of 18 because of his grandmother's request thus sacrificing his love. Since then he started toiling hard for survival and settles down nearly at 35 with two kids - Madhu (Naga Shourya), an engineering student and a young school going kid. He aspires to flirt young girls at this age for mental satisfaction. Krishna's close friend Sathyam (Brahmaji) is jealous in this issue as his wife always henpecks him and is extremely suspicious about him. Situations arise in such a way that a 21-year-old aerobics trainer Samhitha (Sana Makbul) is admired by both Krishna and Madhu without the knowledge of each other. Samhitha happens to be Madhu's senior in the college who discontinued her studies and she has to repay the loan raised in the bank Krishna works. Both Krishna and Madhu turn good friends with Samhitha and fall in love with her but are unaware of each other. For Samhitha, Krishna raises a loan from a local gangster. After few days, on the birthday of Samhitha, Krishna visits her house and proposes to marry her. Madhu sees this scene from a distance and dejected, he leaves. He also breaks his ties with Samhitha and plans to save Bhavani to whom Krishna is next to god. He tries in every possible way to separate them as a stranger to them as a stalker on phone. But he fails to separate them and they also register the date of marriage at Arya Samaj. Just on the day of the marriage, Bhavani visits a Temple and with the information given by Samhitha, police nab Madhu and interrogate him. He only reveals that he loved Samhitha and wanted to marry her. She develops hatred for him and before her and Krishna, police beat Madhu black and blue which manages to change Krishna's mindset and reveal the truth that he is already married to Bhavani. She wants to file a case of the duo but after realising that Krishna has really changed for the better, she drops her plans. Krishna unites with Bhavani and Samhitha forgives the duo and leaves while Madhu looks on.
Neevalle Neevalle	Telugu	romance	Jeeva	The film opens with two people – a man (Aravind Akash) and a woman – interviewing civilians' thoughts on love and the opposite sex. After a mixture of answers, they cease their questions and the credits roll. The credits end as a boy, after being rejected by his girlfriend, commits suicide by jumping onto a passing car. Karthik (Vinay Rai) walks off disturbed to his girlfriend Jhansi's (Sadha) office. There, he is criticized by her for his antics with other women and his lack of passion for their love. She walks off, ending their relationship. Karthik is then shown as a civil engineer in Chennai, still playful and fun-loving. Accepting a request from his manager to go on a six-month business trip to Melbourne, he bids farewell to his friends Raju (Raju Sundaram) and Sathish (Sathish Krishnan). On the plane, he encounters a playful, flirtatious girl, Deepika (Tanisha Mukherjee), whom he sits next to during the flight. After spending hours together, they become good friends and exchange details. However, by coincidence, Deepika is travelling to Melbourne to work in the same company as Jhansi, who is settled there. Together they seem to conveniently bump into Karthik at every corner, prompting an unwelcome reunion for Jhansi and Karthik. While Deepika takes a liking to Karthik, Jhansi still ignores him, even though he has ambitions of getting back together. At a restaurant, Karthik bumps into a fellow Tamilian Vaidyanathan (Srinath) and explains his love for Jhansi. The story then moves two years back for a flashback of events. Karthik had met Jhansi at a festival at a temple, where she played a prank on Karthik and his friends. Taking a liking to her, Karthik begins to follow Jhansi intentionally, hoping for her to fall in love with him. Soon after this happens, she becomes more and more suspicious of Karthik. This comes to a head when Karthik acts as the boyfriend of Raju's girlfriend Pooja, (Paloma Rao), only for Jhansi to get confused and mistake him. His reputation as a trusting boyfriend takes another turn for the worse, when at a wedding, the bride (Lekha Washington) gives him a kiss after he improvises a song. As the pair have a love-hate relationship, the break-up beckons when Jhansi sends her friend (Vasundra) undercover to go flirt with Karthik. However, he lies claiming he was at home ill, prompting Jhansi to end their relationship. At the end of the flashback, Vaidyanathan suggests to Karthik, that it's more important to move on than think regretfully, and Karthik gets over his relationship with Jhansi. However, finding out about Deepika's love towards Karthik, Jhansi becomes jealous and reinstates her love for Karthik. Soon, as she sees Deepika and Karthik's compatibility and understanding her faulty, she finally understands what went wrong in their relationship. Then, Karthik tells her through a meaningful conversation that he still loves her, not Deepika. After this, Jhansi runs away to Sydney anonymously. At the end of the film, the male interviewer who appeared at the start questions Jhansi on her decision to leave anonymously; however, she refuses to answer at first. Later, she replies that though she still loves Karthik, she was unable to understand him well. She knew it would not work out and she did not want to hurt Karthik further, thus becoming the sole reason for her departure. She then confirms that she met up with Deepika recently, and had found that she is married to Karthik and has a child. She then walks away, claiming her future lies in her own hands, and she is happy the way she is now.
Ilavattam	Tamil	romance	A. R. Raviraja	The movie begins with Suhasini who awards Cheenu and asks him to share his story of success with everybody. Cheenu(Navdeep) is an honest and studious village guy who hails from a poor farmer's family. Despite his friends attempt to sway him towards the lusty distractions of adolescence he stands his ground and tries to persuade them to follow his path. Lakshmi (Sheela) is the second daughter of a zameendar also from the same village who studies at the same college as Cheenu. Despite their hatred for each other at the beginning they end up falling for each other after a lot of melodrama. Lakshmi’s brother-in-law (her elder sister’s husband) Prithviraj lusts for her and tries to inherit their fortune by marrying both the zammendar’s daughters. He tries to beat Cheenu to death when everybody finds about their love affair. In an attempt to escape Prithviraj, the couple seeks protection from their district’s Collector Suhasini who assures them that she would help them get married to each other after they finish their education. The movie ends with a tedious action episode between Cheenu and Prithviraj and the title rolls.
Kusum Kusum Prem	Bangladeshi	romance	Mushfiqur Rahman Guljar	Kusum Kusum Prem, portraying life of a destitute woman namely Kusum.[3]
Girl of the Port	American	romance	Bert Glennon	Jim, a British Lord, suffers from pyrophobia, a fear of fire, which he developed during the war. Unable to cope with his condition, he flees civilization, coming to rest in the island paradise of Suva, in Fiji. As he is attempting to drink himself into forgetfulness, he meets Josie, who is a showgirl stranded on the island. Josie had become friends with Kalita, who talked the owner of the bar into giving Josie a job. It is in the bar where Jim and Josie meet, and the two develop a liking for one another, which causes McEwen, the local heavy to become jealous. After McEwen challenges Jim to a fight, which Jim backs away from, causing those around him to believe he has a cowardly streak. Josie, however, continues to believe in him. McEwen steps up his animosity towards Jim, taunting him into following McEwen to the nearby island of Benga, where McEwen intends to force Jim to participate in the local custom of fire-walking. Jim, forced to confront his fear, overcomes it, and passes through the fire pit, after which he defeats McEwen in a fight, and ends up with Josie.
Nadodimannan	Malayalam	romance	Viji Thampi	In Nadodimannan, Padmanabhan Dileep plays a village youth who does not have a particular inclination towards any political party and joins any protest being held. He earns a living by participating in demonstrations for various political parties. He then reaches the city where he is strung to the upper levels of society and gets elected as the Mayor. His conflicts and attempts to cleanse the city form the rest of the story. Ananya plays the character of Meera, who lives in difficult surroundings, but is bold. Archana Kavi plays Aathira, a member of a former royal family, Mythili stars as Rima, a broadcast journalist Padmanabhan befriends during his activist days, who helps him bring to light certain crucial issues before the public. Bollywood actor Sayaji Shinde plays the local king pin who is at odds with Padmanabhan.
Faithful in My Fashion	American	romance	Sidney Salkow	Jeff (Tom Drake) arrives home to New York City after being away in the Navy for several years. Unaware that his fiancée, Jean (Donna Reed), is now dating a man (Warner Anderson) at the department store where she works, Jeff assumes she is still intends to marry him. In order to save Jeff from heartache, several employees at Jean's store set up a ruse to keep Jeff unaware of Jean's new man until he is deployed again. Jean cooperates with the ruse, but it isn't long before secrets get revealed.
The World of Suzie Wong	American	romance	Richard Quine	American architect Robert Lomax is an aspiring artist who relocates to Hong Kong for a year to see if he can make a living as a painter. Whilst aboard the Star Ferry, en route to Hong Kong Island, he surreptitiously sketches fellow passengers, including a smartly dressed young woman of seemingly lofty social status. She eventually introduces herself as Mei Ling, then accuses him of stealing her purse and demands his arrest. Fortunately, an independent witness informs the police officer of the true circumstances, and the situation is resolved. They eventually shake hands then go their separate ways. With limited financial resources, Robert looks for an inexpensive room in the teeming Wan Chai district, a poor area known for prostitution. By chance, he sees Mei Ling leaving a run-down hotel there. Inside, he astounds proprietor Ah Tong by renting a room for one whole month - rather than by the hour, as is more usual. In a bar next door, he is bemused to see Mei Ling again. This time dressed in a slinky red cheongsam and in the company of a sailor. He approaches her; she now says her name is Suzie Wong, and that they have never met before. Eventually, Suzie admits who she is, laughing that she had him fooled for a while. The following day, Robert visits a banker to set up an account. The banker's secretary and daughter, Kay O'Neill, is immediately attracted to the newcomer. Robert asks Suzie to model for him. As they become better acquainted, he learns she was forced into her profession as a means of survival, when she was ten years old. She begins falling in love with him, but he tries to dissuade her, although he finds her very appealing. Meanwhile, he is also pursued discreetly by Kay. At a dinner party she is hosting, Robert meets Ben Marlowe, whom he recognizes as one of Suzie's clients, with his wife. Ben offers to make Suzie his mistress, and she accepts in order to make Robert jealous. When Ben reconciles with his wife, he asks Robert to break the news to Suzie. She is so hurt by the rejection that Robert finally admits he loves her. Initially, the two are very happy, but their relationship becomes strained. One day, Robert follows Suzie on one of her periodic disappearances. He finds her visiting the infant son she has kept hidden from him. He accepts the child. When his paintings fail to sell, he finds himself facing financial difficulties, and both Kay and Suzie offer to give him money, but his pride will not let him accept. When Suzie pays his rent and offers to resume prostitution to help him, he drives her away in a fit of anger. Realizing his mistake, Robert searches for Suzie. When he finally finds her, he learns her baby has died in the annual flooding, and the two commit themselves to each other.
Smilin' Through	American	romance	Sidney Franklin	John Carteret (Leslie Howard) is a wealthy man with a huge estate. He was set to marry Moonyeen Clare (Norma Shearer), but on their wedding day she was accidentally killed during the wedding ceremony by her drunken and jealous ex-fiance Jeremy Wayne (Fredric March), who actually meant to kill John. John has spent the rest of his life in mourning. However, Moonyeen has kept in touch with him from the next life. He continues to live on the estate, and has a special place where he communicates with her spirit. His close friend Dr. Owens (O.P. Heggie) tells him of Moonyeen's niece Kathleen, whose parents have drowned at sea. He begs John to adopt the child, and he does. Kathleen is five, but as she grows older she looks exactly like the dead Moonyeen (and is also played by Norma Shearer). Her childhood friend Willie (Ralph Forbes) wants to marry her, but she is interested in Kenneth Wayne (also played by Fredric March), whom she meets in unexpected and romantic circumstances. However, Kenneth is the son of Jeremy, Moonyeen's killer, who disappeared and was never found. John refuses to let them marry and threatens to disinherit her. She leaves with Kenneth, but he sends her back again because he does not want to ruin her life. However, John has been deeply affected by the events and has lost his ability to communicate with his dead fiancee, who perceives his anger and hatred as having set up a barrier she cannot overcome. Kenneth enlists in the Army and is gone for four years, returning as a disabled war veteran. He hides his condition, claims he no longer cares for Kathleen, and plans to return to America. John finds out the truth from Dr. Owens. He sees that Kenneth really cares for Kathleen and is not like his wastrel father. He tells Kathleen, and she runs off to tell Kenneth she still cares for him. John sits down to play chess with Dr. Owens, but apparently dozes off. Amused, Dr. Owens leaves him so that he can take his nap. John, however, has actually died, and he is reunited with Moonyeen, just as Kathleen is heard returning with Kenneth.
Bhalobasa Bhalobasa	Bengali	romance	Rabi Kinagi	The film begins with a baby taking his initial steps on a beach while the father is supporting him. The narrator in the background (Prasenjit) states that, it is right for a father to support his child in his infancy, but questions whether the father should continue to hold the child's hand even after he is 24 years old. As the credits roll, a visibly angry Sidhu (Hiran) begins uttering abuses at all the fathers in the world. When inquired about his disgust, he says that his father, Aravind (Sabyasachi Chakrabarty), gives him more than what he asks for. He cites instances where his choices of dressing, hairdo and many others are stashed away by his father's. However, he vows that the two things that will be of his choice would be, his career and the woman he would marry. Post-credits, Satya (Subhasis Mukherjee), the Arvind dutiful household's servant wakes up Sidhu in the morning. In the background, we see Siddhu's mother, Lakshmi (Laboni Sarkar) singing a devotional song while cooking. At the dining table, Arvind, Managing Director of their construction company, inquires if Siddhu will join their office for managing their business. When Sidhu deliberates, his father doesn't stand any longer and instead plans for his marriage despite Sidhu's silent protest. The next week, he returns home to realize that he is going to get engaged to Manasi against his wishes. He speaks with her only to realize that she is a daddy's girl and she not being to his liking. However, with Arvind's final say, they eventually get engaged. While contemplating on his options in a temple, Sidhu accidentally meets Priya (Srabanti Malakar), an engineering student. Seeing her chirpy nature and vibrance, Sidhu begins to like her. He makes attempts to know her by meeting her on a regular basis. In the process, he starts liking her cherubic and ever-friendly nature and as someone who does what she loves. As days go by, he realizes about so many small things in her company that gave him happiness. He realizes that he has fallen in love with her. Alongside this, Sidhu applies for a bank loan to start out on his dream of building his career. When his love for Priya deepens, he wishes to propose to her. He confesses to her that he is engaged to get married to Manasi against his wishes, but what he really wants is her. On knowing of him being engaged, Priya gets dejected, but comes back a day later and asks him to do what he wishes for and accepts his proposal. At this juncture, the ecstatic Sidhu is seen by a furious Arvind. Siddhu is admonished back home and he expresses his disinterest in marriage with Manasi. When asked for his reason to like Priya, Sidhu replies saying that if Priya can stay with their family for a week, then all their questions shall be answered. He convinces Priya to stay at his house after lying to her father, Kanaka Rao (Sushanta Dutta) that she is going on a college tour. When Priya is introduced to Sidhu's family, she gets a lukewarm welcome. As she settles down in the house, one after the other begins to like her. Even though getting used to the living habits of the authoritarian Arvind's household was difficult, Priya stayed put for Sidhu's sake. In the meanwhile, Arvind reprimands Sidhu when he knows of his bank loan and his plans, only to further enrage Sidhu. One day the entire family along with Priya attends a marriage ceremony. A cheerful Priya cheers up the ceremony with her playful nature. Coincidentally, Kanaka Rao who happens to be around, recognizes Sidhu as the drunken young man whom he encountered on an earlier occasion. Priya realizes her father's presence and quickly exits to avoid his attention. After saving their grace, Sidhu admonishes Priya for her antics at the marriage. A sad and angry Priya moves out of the house saying that she does not find Sidhu the same and that she cannot put on an act if she stays in their house. After getting back to her house, she rebuilds the trust her father has in her while Sidhu is left forlorn. Lakshmi confronts Arvind on Sidhu's choices and wants. In the process, Sidhu opens up his heart and leaving Arvind to repent on his foolishness. Sidhu requests Manasi and her parents to call off the impending marriage. While they relent, Arvind manages to convince Kanaka babu about Sidhu and Priya's marriage. In return, Kanaka wants to know more about Sidhu by having him live in house for a week. Arvind agrees with this and as the story returns to the pre-credits scene, the viewers are left to assume about the happy marriage of the protagonists.
Woh Jo Hasina	Bollywood	romance	Deepak Bahry	Woh Jo Hasina is an action film, featuring the hit pair of Mithun Chakraborty and Ranjeeta Kaur.
Ninne Istapaddanu	Telugu	romance	Konda	Charan (Tarun) is a fun loving college-going guy in Vizag. He meets Sanjana (Anitha) in an interesting style. They start off their relationship with quarreling and slowly they fall in love with each other. Sanjana leaves to Hyderabad after the graduation is over. Charan also leaves to Hyderbad in search of Sanjana, as he did not get any phone calls or mails from Sanjana. On his way to Hyderabad, he meets an NRI called Boney (Rajiv Kanakala), who comes to India in search of a bride. After reaching Hyderabad, Charan accidentally meets another girl called Geeta (Sridevi), who works in All India Radio and some how settles in her house as guest. One day, he spots Sanjana who ridicules his love and says that she pretended love to him only to take revenge on him for the pranks he played on her during college time. Then she hands him over her wedding card. And the bridegroom turns out to be Boney.The rest of the film revolves around these 4 characters - Charan, Boney, Sanjana and Geetanjali. The climax is all about who gets whom.
Come Fly with Me	American	romance	Henry Levin	Three air hostesses, based in New York City, are working for the fictional airline Polar Atlantic Airways. The three serve on a Boeing 707 making regular flights between New York, Paris and Vienna. Along the way, air hostess Donna Stuart (Dolores Hart), meets Baron Franz Von Elzingen (Karlheinz Böhm), an impoverished Austrian baron who turns out to be a diamond smuggler. Southern belle Carol Brewster (Pamela Tiffin) develops a crush on the plane's First Officer, Ray Winsley (Hugh O'Brian), who himself is having an affair with a married woman (Dawn Addams). The third air hostess, Hilda Bergie Bergstrom, (Lois Nettleton) gets noticed by a multi-millionaire widower from Texas named Walter Lucas (Karl Malden).
Basic Love	Hong Kong	romance	Oxide Pang	A romantic story symphonized with the song of a triangular relationship between Ling (Elanne Kong), June (Janice Man) and Rex (Rex Ho). Ling got leukemia since she was a child; she hides the true feeling and health condition from her best friends, Rex and June. June who moved from China to HK when she was little, assists her mom to make a living hardily resulting in a self-contained character. The two girls are completely different in personality, yet they're frank with each other. June feels for Rex. Meanwhile, June seems to overlook an admirer, Hee (Xu Zheng Xi). It's graduation time, they're standing in front of the crossroad to their future, and none of them takes a step closer to change their relationship, until the day when Ling is admitted to the hospital, the long compression of emotion is broken.
Hobbi al-Wahid (My Only Love)	Egyptian	romance	Kamal El Sheikh	Mona is in a love triangle with Adel (Omar Sharif), an airplane pilot who she loves, and Rushdi (Kamal Al-Shennawi), a family friend of Mona, who she has rejected on several occasions. On the day of Adel and Mona's engagement party, Adel is bringing Mona's friend, Hoda, but there is a car accident on their way. When Mona telephones Adel to see why he is late, Hoda replies, consequently Mona thinks Adel is having an affair with her. She agrees to marry Rushdi, but after their marriage, he treats her badly. She conceives but after learning she has become pregnant, Adel hits her, thus making her miscarry. Hoda meets Mona secretly and tells her the truth. Shocked by the truth, she asks Rushdi to divorce her. Rushdi plans to murder Mona, but he fails, and his plan is discovered. Mona spares Rushdi from any charges in return for their divorce. She is reunited with Adel.
Mehboob Ki Mehndi	Bollywood	romance	Harnam Singh Rawail	The film starts with Shabana (Leena Chandavarkar) performing at a singing competition in her college. She lives with her grandmother in Bombay (who is in fact her nanny), while her mother, Najma stays away from her in Hyderabad with her second husband, Nasir Ahmed (Jagdish Raj), who's in fact a pimp, not her husband and Najma, herself lives the life of a prostitute, however, Najma doesn't tell her daughter about this and Shabana doesn't have any idea about her mother's miserable life. One fine day, she is back from her college after winning a singing competition. Shabana is expecting her mother coming within 2-3 days, but the door bell rings and the postman comes with a telegram, which comes from Hyderabad, regarding her mother's illness. She goes with her grandmother and comes to know the truth. When her mother comes to know about this, she locks herself in a room and commits suicide by jumping from a window. In fact, it was Nasir, who sends the telegram to her, to make her come to Hyderabad because now, he wants to use Shabana for prostitution. But her grandmother cleverly saves her from there and take her to Lucknow, where her brother stays. When they come to her brother's house, they come to know that he has died a long time ago. His son is very happy to see them for the very first time and agrees to help them. Next day, A young and handsome Yusuf (Rajesh Khanna), who is the son of a wealthy businessman named Nawab Safdarjung (Iftekhar) who is physically handicapped and uses a wheelchair, comes to Shabana's house and mistook Shabana with her cousin, while she is sleeping and wakes her up. But Yusuf was mesmerized by her beauty and at the same time, both are confused. Yusuf comes to know about Shabana from her cousin. Yusuf's nephew's tutor leaves her job, when Yusuf's nephew teases her with a mouse on Yusuf's advice, who then arranges a new tutor, Shabana (Leena Chandavarkar), for his nephew, because Shabana (who had come to live in the house of Yusuf's friend along with her grandmother) was seen by Yusuf in his friend's home and he immediately liked her. He also appoints Khairuddin (Pradeep Kumar) to take care of his father. However, Khairuddin had arrived only with the intention of killing Nawab Safdarjung's son Yusuf. Shabana and Yusuf develop feelings for each other and soon fall in love. Nawab Safdarjung and Shabana's grandmother are happy with Yusuf and Shabana's relationship and they start arranging for their marriage. Just before their wedding, it is revealed that Shabana is the daughter of a courtesan named Najma, when she gives a letter to Khairu Chacha to give to Yusuf. Nasir also comes there to blackmail her to tell her past life truth to Yusuf and his family and disgrace them in society. He wants all the jewellery and cash from her. In between, Khairu comes to know that Shabana is his own daughter and he comes to her rescue by killing Nasir. Anwar aka Khairu tells everyone about his real identity and everyone accepts Shabana, being daughter of a reputed person Nawab Anwar Qamaal. In the end, Yusuf and Shabana get married and lived happily ever after.
Hothat Brishti	Bangladeshi	romance	Basu Chatterjee	Deepa Nandy (Priyanka Trivedi) lives in Taramati with her sister and brother in law Premendra (Raisul Islam Asad). Tired of being a burden on her relatives, Deepa goes to Kolkata to look for a job. She stays with her friend Aruna. Despite appearing at a number of interviews, she does not manage to get a job and decides to go back to Taramati. On her way back, a pickpocket snatches her bag from the train window. This bag contained all her certificates. The co-passengers chip in to pay for her ticket and she manages to reach home. Her brother-in-law makes a sarcastic remark on seeing her back. Meanwhile Ajit Choudhury (Ferdous Ahmed) boards the train to go to Jaisalmer. Incidentally the pickpocket had thrown Deepa's bag into the train after taking the money. Ajit finds the bag. During Ajit's discussions with a co-passenger we come to know that Ajit is an orphan. He has a curious hobby of collecting people's names and birthdays and sending them birthday cards. Ajit arrives at Jaisalmer and meets Haradhan Kundu or Kundu Singh (Manoj Mitra). Kundu Singh's grandfather had come from Dhaka and set up a hotel. However, the business floundered and Kundu's job became to help visitors get hotels etc. Kundu Singh arranges a room for Ajit. Here Ajit meets Rupmati, who lives next door. Ajit sends Deepa's bag with the certificates to her. Deepa is overjoyed and sends back a thank you note. This exchange of letters continues and Ajit and Deepa fall in love with each other. Meanwhile Rupmati (June Malia) is infatuated with Ajit and tries to learn Bengali phrases from Kundu Singh to impress Ajit. But when Kundu Singh tells Rupmati about Ajit's postal affair with Deepa, Rupmati is infuriated and confronts Ajit. Ajit calls up Deepa every Sunday and Deepa send a T-Shirt to Ajit so that she can recognize Ajit. Meanwhile, Deepa gets another interview call. Her brother in law Premendra arranges for the money to go to Kolkata and tells Deepa's sister that he will be glad if Deepa gets a job and has already identified a match for her. Over in Jaisalmer, Ajit is asked by the company MD to take new responsibility in factory to manage union troubles. Union leaders threaten Ajit. Ajit tries to quit job and go back to Kolkata. The company gives him a transfer instead to Kolkata. Rupmati asks for his forgiveness before Ajit leaves for Kolkata. Ajit bumps into Deepa (literally) at the train station but they don't recognize each other. Deepa harbours a dislike for Ajit and tries to avoid him even though they meet accidentally. Preeti (Sreelekha Mitra) is the daughter of the MD of Ajit's company. Preeti flirts with Ajit. Ajit discourages Preeti and spurns her advances. Preeti gets a job in Singapore but does not want to leave Kolkata. Deepa goes back to Taramati. A letter from Deepa for Ajit gets into the hands of Preeti. Ajit is not able to get a job and decides to drive a taxi in the meantime. Deepa's brother-in-law brings a marriage proposal for Deepa. Deepa meets the proposed candidate and tells him about Ajit. Deepa goes to Kolkata to look for Ajit. She goes to look for Aruna but Aruna wasn't home. Deepa gets into Ajit's taxi to go to Ajit's former office but still does not recognize him. Preeti gives Deepa the address of Ajit's former colleague and roommate. Deepa goes to meet Ajit's former colleague, who happens to be Prabodh (Shahin Alam), who had once proposed to Deepa. Prabodh (Kunal) reassures Deepa that he will try to find Ajit. Deepa gets drenched in rain and goes in Ajit's taxi to his friend's house. Ajit gives Deepa the sari he had bought for her without knowing her identity. As AJit was drneched too, he wears the T-shirt Deepa had sent him but covers it with a shawl. Deepa goes back to Aruna's house but she had not returned. So Deepa decides to go back to Taramati. Deepa's friend gets into the taxi of Ajit's friend. They come to know that their friends Ajit and Deepa love each other. Aruna gets the letter from Deepa and decides to go to the station to meet Deepa. Just as the train is leaving, Ajit removes his shawl and Deepa recognizes the T-Shirt. She runs into Ajit's arms as the credits roll.
Virsa	Punjabi	romance	Pankaj Batra	Virsa is the story of Nawaz Ali and Ranvir Singh Grewal and their families. Nawaz Ali hails from Lahore in Pakistan and Ranvir Singh Grewal belongs to a village, Jakopur, in Punjab, India. About 20 years ago, both of them migrated to Sydney, Australia, in search of work, where they met and became the best of friends. Gradually, their hard work paid off. Ranvir opened an Indian restaurant, which became a runaway success. Nawaz Ali opened a shop opposite Ranvir’s restaurant. It did well and he could manage to lead a comfortable life but he was not as successful as Ranvir. Nawaz Ali was very grounded in his culture and values and this helped him to remain level-headed and not get carried away by the comforts of life in Australia. He never lost sight of what was morally and ethically right and stood by his Asian values. On the other hand, Ranvir got carried away by his success. He felt that he was superior to the other Indians and Asians who were not as successful. He found merit in all things associated with the white folks – their lifestyle, their values and culture, their behaviour and mannerisms – and looked down upon his Indian upbringing and values. He had no more use for ethics and morality. He became very conscious of his money, status and reputation. The difference in outlook and behaviour drive the two friends apart until they reach a point where Ranvir stops talking to Nawaz. However, Nawaz still cares for his friend and tries to keep their friendship alive. As the film opens, Ranvir and Nawaz are well settled in Australia with their respective families. Nawaz has one son, Amaan Ali and Ranvir has a son, Yuvraj, and a daughter, Meet. Amaan and Yuvraj are roughly the same age and best buddies since childhood, despite the rift between their fathers. However, the difference in the thinkings of the two fathers is reflected in the personalities of their sons. Amaan is a sensible, level-headed young man. He is strongly grounded in and comfortable with his Asian identity. However, he is contemporary in his outlook. He does a fine balance of sticking to his values even as he adapts to the society around him and its mores and traditions. Yuvraj is the exact opposite of Amaan. Due to Ranvir’s indulgent attitude, Yuvraj grows up to be a rich, spoilt brat. He also feels closer to the white folks than to the Asians around him. He has no idea of Indian culture or values, no ethics and no morals. He loves women, booze, drugs... Yuvraj’s sister, Meet, is quite like him in her values, upbringing and behaviour. She is going steady with a white young man but is not sure how her father will react to this development. However, she also has a special relationship with Amaan. Nothing is said but she instictively feels that she can always depend on his help, that he will always be there for her. Amaan too feels an instinctive pull towards her but waits for the right time to tell her of his love for her. Ranvir feels that the people in his village look down upon him because they feel that he is not a good son, since his father, Sardar Joginder Singh, lives here all alone. Sardarji wants to stay in Punjab, till his last breath. Ranvir cons Sardarji into going with him. In Australia, however, things are very different. The cost of living is high and labour is expensive. Ranvir enlists Sardarji’s help for his restaurant. Gradually, Sardarji’s status becomes no more than that of a paid servant. One night, at a party, Yuvraj meets Mahi. Mahi has come from Punjab to Sydney for her studies. She is a modern-day young Indian woman, contemporary but with a solid foundation in Indian values and culture. She is beautiful, sexy, intelligent and confident. As they fall in love, she tries to reform him and for some time, it seems as though he will sort his life out. But old habits die hard. Yuvraj gradually falls back into his old ways and Mahi is unable to stop him. Will Ranvir ever see Nawaz’s point of view and will they ever be friends again? Will Sardarji remain a prisoner to his son’s whims or will he rebel against him and return to Punjab? Will Yuvraj ever understand ethics and morality? Will Mahi return to Yuvraj? Will Ranvir accept a white boyfriend for Meet? And Amaan, who loves Meet – will he ever tell her about his love? As Virsa answers these and other questions, it makes a strong statement about remaining true to one’s values, culture and upbringing even as we constantly adapt and adjust to the society around us. It explores ways of addressing the identity conflicts of immigrant Asians in Western societies so that the succeeding generations can benefit from the best facets of both the cultures.
Rasaleela (രാസലീല)	Malayalam	romance	Majeed Marangery	Unni Maya (Prathishta), a widow in a big tharavadu, develops a fondness for Devan (Darshan), who has accompanied a godman, who has been called in to get rid of the bad omens that surround the family.[2]
Chain of Desire	American	romance	Temístocles López	A series of unrelated amorous lovers are connected by a chain of desire. It begins when a woman named Alma flees from a would-be lover. She runs into a church, where she meets a man named Jesus and they eventually make love. Jesus goes home to wife Isa and they make love. Isa leaves for an appointment with Dr. Buckley, with whom she is having an affair. Buckley then visits Linda, a dominatrix. Linda goes home to husband Hubert, a television commentator. Hubert has sex without her knowledge with a male teen, Keith. Keith is introduced to exotic dancer Diana, who then has a fling with a much older artist, Mel. He goes home to an angry wife, Cleo. And that night, all of these people end up at a nightclub where Alma is performing. Alma has just learned that the lover she fled has been diagnosed with AIDS.
Stingaree	American	romance	William A. Wellman	In 1874 Australia, newly installed Police Inspector Radford boasts to wealthy Hugh Clarkson that he will capture the famous outlaw Stingaree, who has returned to the area. Hilda Bouverie is an impoverished servant working for the Clarksons. Mr. Clarkson is kind, but his wife treats Hilda and Annie, another servant, as menials. Mrs. Clarkson is excited by the news that Sir Julian Kent, a renowned British composer, is going to be her guest. She dreams of performing before him and becoming an opera star, but her singing is not good. Hilda begs to be allowed to sing as well, but Mrs. Clarkson turns her down. Meanwhile, Sir Julian stops over at a tavern, where Radford and his colleagues are drinking. When Stingaree enters, the policemen are suspicious of the stranger; he is searched, but no weapon is found. His sidekick Howie follows, only he is armed. They abduct Sir Julian. Unaware of this, Mrs. Clarkson goes off to meet Sir Julian. While she is away, Hilda, who dreams of being an opera singer herself, plays Sir Julian's new song. When Stingaree enters the Clarkson residence to reconnoitre for a future robbery, she mistakes him for Sir Julian and sings for him. He is entranced, and praises her talent. When the Clarksons return, they are accompanied by Radford, who eventually recalls Stingaree. Unmasked, he flees, taking Hilda with him. When they reach his hideout, Stingaree is annoyed to find that Howie has let Sir Julian escape, foiling his attempt to get her an audition. Hilda tells him that her parents had the dream of singing, and that when they died she inherited the dream. Then Stingaree kisses her. Sir Julian attends a recital at the Clarksons house, with Mrs. Clarkson singing his song disastrously. Howie holds the guests at gunpoint while Stingaree accompanies Hilda on the piano. Sir Julian is greatly impressed by her singing. As the guests congratulate her, Stingaree and Howie slip away. However, Radford manages to shoot and arrest Stingaree. When a furious Mrs. Clarkson fires Hilda, Sir Julian invites her to Europe. Hilda refuses, unwilling to abandon Stingaree, but then she receives a letter from him telling her to pursue her dream, and that he gave up his freedom for her. She leaves, taking Annie with her. Under Sir Julian's tutelage, she becomes a famous opera singer. Though she cannot forget Stingaree, she agrees to marry Sir Julian. The night before the wedding, however, she tells him that she cannot go through with it. She is going to give up her career and return to Australia. He persuades her to perform at a concert in Melbourne, hoping that the contrast with the fabulous opera houses of Europe will change her mind. Meanwhile, Stingaree escapes, and holds up the new Governor-General's stagecoach. He borrows the man's uniform and attends the concert disguised as him. When he is recognized, the police pursue him. He sneaks into Hilda's dressing room. Hilda offers to give up her singing career for him. As the police try to break down the door, he picks her up in his arms and escapes through the window. They ride off together on his horse.
Yaad Rakhegi Duniya	Bollywood	romance	Deepak Anand	Vicky Anand (Aditya Pancholi) has just graduated from college with honors and decides to celebrate. An accident leads him to the hospital and the shocking discovery that he's suffering from a terminal illness. He decides to move to the lush, green locales of Ooty, a hill-station hoping to find peace and solitude, where he meets Naina (Rukhsar Rehman), a precocious young woman who enjoy playing pranks. Vicky finds support and encouragement befriending her and eventually falls in love with the mischievous and outgoing Naina, who also suffers from a terminal illness. Vicky comes to know about Naina's illness, and discusses this with her doctor dad, who confirms it, saying that there is no cure. Despite this, Vicky wants to marry her. When Vicky's mom comes to visit her son, he tells her about his love for Naina, and she is delighted. She rushes over to meet Naina for the first time, and is pleased with Vicky's choice. Then unknowingly she blurts out a truth so devastating, that it will change Naina's final remaining days forever.
Debipaksha	Bengali	romance	Raja Sen	The film revolves around the lives of a village priest, Anandamohan Bhattacharya, his wife Anima (Bhattacharya), and their three daughters. Anandamohan is a dedicated Brahmin priest and tries to follow all the rituals and scriptures wholeheartedly. He named his three daughters Rebati, Haimanti, and Jayanti, the three names of Hindu goddess Durga.[3] Rebati, the eldest daughter of Anandamohan and Anima, is a widow. Her husband died in a tram accident, and she now lives with her parents. Haimanti, the couple's second daughter, is in a relation with Nikhilesh and lives in the same village. The couple's youngest daughter is Jayanti. Haimanti is sexually molested by a local criminal Ratan Samanta in front of her boyfriend Nikhilesh. Anandamohan decides not to disclose the incident to anyone and secretly sends Haimanti to his brother Sushanta's house in Mumbai. After a few days there, Sushanta also attempts to molest her. Haimanti escapes the house and by chance meets Mrs. Deshpande and Mr. Shukla, who are human rights and women's rights workers. They give Haimanti shelter.[3] With the assistance of Mrs. Deshpande and Mr. Shukla, and while applying her own talent, Haimanti becomes a popular actress. She returns to her village after six years to take revenge against Ratan on the eve of Mahalaya, the first day of Devipaksha (the fortnight during which the festival of Durga Puja takes place). She meets Nikhilesh and finds that he could not go back to normal life after the molestation of Haimanti, and is now a drug addict. Jayanti, Anandmohan's youngest daughter, is now a college student. Ratan learns about Haimanti's return and comes to their house to threaten her but finds that she has good acquaintance with people for whom Ratan works. Ratan is instructed over phone by his bosses not to harass the family and leave the house at once. Thus Ratan is taught a good lesson and he becomes worried. Later Ratan finds that he is losing his job and contacts because of Haimanti's influences and thus he becomes more ferocious.[3] On the day of Dashami (the last day of Durga Puja), Ratan loses all control and again comes to the house of Anandamohan to harass them. Haimanti tries to contact local police but fails to do so. Now, Ratan tries to molest Jayanti. Without having any other option, Haimanti takes the trident from idol of Durga's hand and kills Ratan.[3]
Backbench Student	Telugu	romance	Madhura Sreedhar Reddy	Karthik (Mahat Raghavendra) is a careless Engineering student, who is least bothered about his studies the result of which is 16 backlogs. He is in love with his classmate Priyanka (Archana Kavi), who splits from him and leaves for USA to pursue MS. The hell breaks loose when his parents (Sarath Babu and Pragathi) come to know about the backlogs. While he is in search of a job to support himself, he hooks up with Chitra (Piaa Bajpai). Meanwhile, Priyanka discontinues her studies and comes back from the US in search of Karthik. She learns that Kaarthik is in love with Chaitra and is disheartened and wonders what made Kaarthik fall for Chaitra. What happens next will form the rest of the story.
Arjun Reddy	Telugu	romance	Sandeep Reddy Vanga	Arjun Reddy is a final-year student at St. Mary's Medical College in Mangalore, India. He is one of its house surgeons who, despite being a brilliant student, has severe anger management problems that earn the wrath of the dean of the college. Arjun's aggressive nature also earns him a reputation among his juniors as a college bully. After having a brawl alongside his friend Kamal against members of the opposing team during an inter-college football match, the dean asks Arjun to either apologise or leave the college. Arjun initially chooses the latter, but stays back after meeting first-year student Preethi Shetty. Arjun and his friend Shiva enter a first-year classroom and announce that Arjun is in love with Preethi and asserts that she is exclusive to him. Initially afraid, Preethi starts adjusting herself to Arjun's overbearing attitude. She eventually reciprocates his feelings and they develop an intimate relationship. Arjun graduates with a MBBS degree and leaves for Mussorie to pursue a Masters degree in Orthopedic surgery. Over the course of three years, Arjun's and Preethi's relationship becomes stronger. Months later, Arjun visits Preethi's house, where her father sees them kissing and throws Arjun out. Preethi's father opposes her and Arjun's relationship because they belong to different castes. Arjun demands that Preethi must make a decision within six hours otherwise he will end their relationship. Following this incident, Preethi's parents seize her telephone, making her unable to contact Arjun. By the time she manages to visit Arjun's house, he is drunk, injects morphine into himself and becomes comatose for two days. Preethi is then forcibly married to someone from her caste. Arjun learns about the marriage from Shiva and goes to her house in protest. He is assaulted and gets arrested for making a scene. Arjun's father ostracises him from the family home for damaging his reputation. With Shiva's help, Arjun finds a rented apartment and joins a private hospital as a surgeon. To cope with his emotions he starts taking drugs, attempts one-night stands and drinks alcohol; all of which are unsuccessful. Within months, he becomes a successful surgeon and a high-functioning alcoholic who is feared by the hospital's staff members. Arjun's self destructing behaviour and refusal to move on worries Shiva and Kamal. He persuades one of his patients Jia Sharma, a leading film star, to have a no-strings relationship with him, which he ends when she falls in love with him. On a day off, Arjun unwillingly agrees to perform a life-saving surgery and collapses with dehydration. The hospital staff examine his blood samples which show traces of alcohol and cocaine. The hospital chief files a case against Arjun, who accepts the truth on the grounds of violating his professional ethics. Arjun's medical license is temporarily cancelled and he is evicted from the flat. The next morning, Arjun learns that his grandmother has died; he meets his father and they reconcile. Arjun gives up his self-destructive habits soon after. While on vacation, Arjun sees a pregnant Preethi sitting in a park. Convinced that she is unhappy with her marriage, Arjun meets her after returning from his holiday. Preethi reveals that she left her husband days after their marriage and continued to work in a clinic. She tells Arjun he is the child's father and they reunite. The pair marry and Preethi's father apologises for misunderstanding their love for each other.
Sanam Tere Hain Hum	Bollywood	romance	Jayanth C. Paranji	Sashi (Nagarjuna Akkineni) is an accomplished Telugu pop singer. He visits the USA to give a few live stage shows. He has a fiancee called Rukmini (Keerthi Reddy) back at home in Visakhapatnam (Vizag). Meghana (Anjala Zhaveri) is a US-educated girl staying in L.A, who has a lover called Sujit (Jagapati Babu) back in India. Sashi meets Meghana at a party. Meghana develops a few preconceived wrong notions about Sashi by observing him talking to various girls. When Sashi plans his trip to India along with his troop he chooses to travel in Leo Star Cruiseliner from Singapore to Vizag. Incidentally, Meghana too takes the same route to Vizag to meet her longtime love Sujit. As they travel together they get to know more about each other. Though they are aware of the fact that they do have fiancees, they could not stop inevitable thing happening. They fall in love with each other. Being a matured lover, Sashi explains Meghana that the feelings they have for each other might have been generated out of infatuation. Sashi comes up with a proposal that they must stay away from meeting and talking to each other for 90 days and spend their time with their respective fiancees. On the 90th day if they have the same feeling as of today they will meet at the lighthouse of Vizag port. Then they can dump their fiancees to get married to each other. After waiting for 90 days, Meghana is standing at the lighthouse of Vizag port. Sashi meets with an accident en route to the lighthouse. Thereby he fails to make it meet Meghana and express his love. A disappointed Meghana agrees to marry Sujit. As Sujit and Meghana are about to tie the knots, Sashi attends the marriage to singing a song. We have four characters (Sashi, Meghana, Sujit and Rukhmini) eagerly waiting for the things to happen. To know what we have in store for the climax.
Indira Vizha	Tamil	romance	K. Rajeswar	The movie revolves around sexual harassment occurring at work. This movie is loosely based on the Hollywood movie Disclosure starring Michael Douglas and Demi Moore. The film is the story of Kamini (Namitha) getting back at her ex lover Santhosh (Srikanth) by reentering his life as the wife of his boss, played by Nassar. Srikanth plays the creative head of a television channel Teen TV (though it does indulge in political exposes), who is married to debutant Hemamalini. His life turns topsy-turvy when Nasser reinstates Namitha as the head of the TV channel, a promotion Srikanth anticipated for himself. Following this, it is the simple story with Namitha hurling sexual harassment accusations at him.
Yeh Dillagi	Bollywood	romance	Naresh Malhotra	Sapna (Kajol), the daughter of the Saigal family's driver, is a simple fun-loving girl, but she dreams about riches. Vijay (Akshay Kumar) and Vicky Saigal (Saif Ali Khan) are both heirs to Saigal Industries. Vijay spends all his time working and Vicky is a flirt. Vicky notices Sapna when she becomes a successful model. But Sapna's success does not change the fact that she is a driver's daughter. Mrs. Shanti Devi, Vijay and Vicky's mother, may overlook her son's affairs with rich girls, but not with a driver's daughter. As Vijay tries to help, he finds himself falling in love with Sapna, too. Before it's too late, Sapna falls in love with him, too, and the pair decide to get married. On Vicky's birthday, Vijay comes back with Sapna and sees his brother has changed. The man who used to be a flirt now doesn't drink liquor, smoke cigarettes, or flirt with girls. The only one he sees is Sapna. The boys talk: both want to marry Sapna. Vicky mistakenly thinks that his brother supports his pursuit of Sapna. One afternoon, Vicky goes out for lunch with Vijay and Sapna. In the middle of their journey, they have a flat tire, and Vijay tries to fix it. Instead, the jack breaks and Vicky offers to get one from a garage. Sapna realizes that Vicky wants to marry her at that point and starts to cry, so Vijay tries to calm her down by giving her a hug. Just then, Vicky arrives and realises that there is a connection between his brother and Sapna. He returns home drunk. Their mother has had enough and tells Sapna's father to tell her to go back to Bombay or get fired. Sapna storms off with her dad to the train station. Vicky threatens to commit suicide if his mother does not accept Sapna as her daughter-in-law; his mother accepts. Sapna returns and Vicky sacrifices his love for his brother. Vicky is seen driving and comes across a girl (Karisma Kapoor). He instantly falls for her.
Nuvve Nuvve	Telugu	romance	Trivikram Srinivas	Anjali (Shriya Saran) is the daughter of a millionaire Vishwanath (Prakash Raj) who loves his daughter very much. So much that he even buys her an Icecream Parlor when his daughter asks him for an ice cream. What Vishwanath expects is a son-in-law who will never oppose him in any matter. Rishi (Tarun) hails from a middle-class family. His father, played by Chandramohan, owns a department store. He is a good-hearted but happy-go-lucky guy. Anjali happens to join the college in which Rishi is a senior. Soon, they fall in love with each other. On one occasion, Rishi takes Anjali to Mumbai for dinner. Anjali tries to shake off the issue with her father, saying that she was with one of her friends. But unfortunately, Vishwanath calls that friend up when Anjali was missing. He tells him that Anjali went to Mumbai with someone called Rishi. This is enough for Vishwanath's suspicion to rise that Anjali has fallen in love. He asks Rishi to prove his worth and asks him in some way to earn any money so that he can support Anjali, who he has brought up in riches. When Rishi refuses to comply, he gives Rishi one crore rupees to forget his daughter. Rishi takes it and then later gives it back, insulting Viswanath, and tries to prove that his love is greater than everything and money can't buy his love. To retaliate, Vishwanath insults Rishi's family by getting a beggar for marriage with Rishi's sister to try to convey to them the pain he must feel. Rishi then creates a scene in Viswanath's office beating up security guy and destroying computers in the office, Rishi clarifies that in the proposal that beggar be married to Rishi's sister there is no love between the two, but Rishi and Anjali love each other. Anjali starts to show more feelings for Rishi. Worried, Vishwanath tries to set Anjali's marriage with another guy. Anjali meets Rishi at his home and requests him to marry her right at the moment, but Rishi convinces Anjali that this is not the right way. Rishi takes her back to her home, there Rishi challenges Vishwanath that if getting Anjali married to some one else is right then that marriage can't be stopped, but if it is wrong then that marriage cannot happen. Consequent incidents make Vishwanath realize his mistakes and the arranged marriage fails while viswanath marries Anjali to Rishi.
Forever Young	Chinese	romance	He Jiong	Set in an arts performing college, the story revolves around Yan Xi and Xu Nuo, a couple who is envied by many in school. The two work hard to achieve their dreams — Xu Nuo wants to eventually get sign on with a music label with his band and Yan Xi wants to go to Paris for ballet school. However, when Yan Xi finds out that she wasn’t accepted into the prestigious program, and that her friends had started making alternate plans, she breaks into a tantrum and starts to distance herself. Before she could make amends, her friends died in a car accident. Full of remorse, Yan Xi has a month to come up with a replacement for the Dance of the Cygnets that the four girls were going to perform at the university’s Dream Night Graduation Party. However, before she could think of a solution, Yan Xi falls and injures her leg. Xu Nuo proposes to his friends that they perform the Dance of the Cygnets themselves. The start training in secret, without Yan Xi’s knowledge, intending on giving her a surprise.
Angaar	Bollywood	romance	Shashilal K. Nair	Unemployed and branded a trouble-maker, Jaikishan lives a poor lifestyle in a slum-area called Asha Colony, very near Andher's Lokhandwala Complex, along with his sister, Seema; mom and dad. He comes to the rescue of a homeless orphan, Mili, who suffers from a deep inferiority complex, and permits her to live with his family. Brutally outspoken, he believes that India should be awarded unlimited gold medals for corruption at all levels, fully aware that these beliefs portray him as a revolutionary, and prevent him from securing any gainful employment. His life will be turned upside down when he refuses to go along with the plans of the Khan family - consisting of builder, Majid; his goon brother, Farid, and their seemingly benevolent father, Jahangir. His family will also be traumatized after the Police arrest him for the alleged broad-daylight murder of Farid.
Engeyum Kadhal	Tamil	romance	Prabhu Deva	The film is set in France and Italy. Kamal (Jayam Ravi), a young billionaire, doesn't believe in love. He works hard for 11 months and takes a month's break from all the work related commitments. Celloist Kayalvizhi (Kayal for short or Lolita for Kamal) (Hansika Motwani) believes in true love and is highly fascinated with Indian culture. Then she sees Kamal one day and it is love at first sight for her, but before she can follow him he gets into his car and goes away. Her father Rajasekhar (Suman) runs a small detective agency in France and Kayal often reads her father's case files for interesting stories. One day, Rajasekhar gets a new client (Manoj Pahwa) who wants to know about his girlfriend's mystery man. After a brief investigation, Rajasekhar finds that his client's girl friend is dating Kamal. Sonu gets angry and decides to kill Kamal. Kayal overhears the conversation and deciding to save them, rushes to their hotel. Sonu has sent some men to kill Kamal and he is on his way there. When Kayal reaches Kamal's room she finds the door locked from inside. Without knowing what to do Kayal tries to get inside through the balcony. When she was about to enter she hears a gunshot and faints in the balcony. By this time sonu's girlfriend has escaped from there. Just when Kamal is about to win the fight Sonu enters the room and threatens Kamal with a gun. Then he searches for his girlfriend he can't find her, instead he find Kayal in the balcony. Then he thinks that Rajasekar has made a mistake and apologizes to Kamal. Understanding that Kayal has saved him, he tries to get to know her better during their incidental meetings and even though Kayal tries to resist she cannot. Kamal leaves Paris for some board meetings and Kayal is heart broken. When he returns he doesn't remember her immediately even though she has been waiting for him. Kayal tries to make Kamal love her by pretending to have many boyfriends. Kamal does get a bit jealous and he decides to get a detective to know everything about her and her possible boyfriends. Initially the detective he chooses is Rajasekar Kayal's dad. Kamal doesn't know Kayal's name, but he says about all her fake boyfriends. Rajasekar realizes that the girl's boyfriends' names are same as the names of the people in his case files realizes that Kamal is actually inquiring about his daughter, Kayal as only she has seen them. He tells Kamal about it and asks him to leave his daughter as he always does when someone falls in love with him. Kamal agrees and tells Kayal that he will be leaving for Germany and that he doesn't know when he will return. Kayal is heartbroken. Kamal tries to forget her but find that he cannot as he realizes that he too loves her. So he returns to Paris and finds her. But Kayal is angry with him and walks away. Kamal runs after her saying that he is in love with her and will never leave her and they will be together thereafter.
Pyar Mein Padipoyane	Telugu	romance	Ravi Kumar Chavali	Chandra alias Chinna (Aadi) and Yuktha (Shanvi) are childhood friends. Chinna and his family move out of the house and that is the end of the connection between Chinna and Yuktha, But Chinna steals something that is of great value to Yuktha and she hates him for that. After many years, Chinna turns out to be a talented singer and he comes across Yuktha in his college. He falls for her, without realising that she is his childhood friend. Yuktha also turns out to be an aspiring singer and as a result, they soon become friends. Chinna has a band named Crazy and he invites Yuktha as the lead singer. They come up with some good tunes and they manage to impress the heads of some music companies. Love blossoms between Chinna and Yuktha and everything is fine, until Chinna discovers that Yuktha is his childhood friend. He also finds out that Yuktha still has bad feelings about the childhood incident. Chinna tries every trick in the book to make Yuktha forget about the childhood incident but he is not successful. He also faces opposition from Ashish, who has his own plans for Yuktha. What happens in the end? That is the story of this film.[1]
Siddu from Sikakulam	Telugu	romance	Eashwar	Siddhu (Allari Naresh) is a young man who hails from Srikakulam, Andhra Pradesh. To pursue his education he joins a college in Visakhapatnam. There he meets and eventually falls in love with a girl called Sailaja (Manjari Phadnis). After a couple of encounters between the two, Siddhu reveals his love to Sailaja and she too accepts his love. A few days after the incident, the college declares vacations. On the last of the college, Sailaja reveals that her father Obul Reddy (Jaya Prakash Reddy), a big time factionist has settled her marriage with Bhuma Reddy's (Vijayaranga Raju) brother. On learning about Obul Reddy, Siddhu tells Sailaja that it would be better to break up than continue their love as he doesn't want to lose his life over love. He thinks everything practically and reveals his decision. However, Sailaja agrees to separate from him on one condition that Siddhu should come to her marriage and stay with her till the tying of knot by the bridegroom, that too with a smiling face. Siddhu accepts her condition and reaches her village. He withstands his emotions and the teasing of Sailaja. At one stage, Siddhu also tries to tease Sailaja by becoming intimate with her cousin Nisha (Shraddha Das). However, eventually he tells everyone that he loves Sailaja and can not live without her. He finally understands that love is greater than life and he is ready to sacrifice his life for the sake of love. At the same time, using his intelligence he creates a situation where Sailaja's father himself comes to Siddhu and asks him to marry his daughter. Siddhu marries Sailaja with the acceptance of everyone in her family.
Don't Go Breaking My Heart	Hong Kong	romance	Johnnie To Wai Ka-Fai	Chi-yan (Gao Yuanyuan) is an analyst who just broke up with her boyfriend (Terence Yin) as he was having a baby with another woman (Selena Li). Sean (Louis Koo), a CEO of a broker firm, knows Chi-yan as her office is just opposite of his. He liked Chi-yan, and starts to take action when he sees what happened in the bus between Chi-yan, her ex, and his current wife. Kevin (Daniel Wu), an architect and an alcoholic, helped Chi-yan out when she was heartbroken about her ex. With Chi Yan's support Kevin decides to pick up designing again, and arrange meet up with her again a week later. Chi-yan forgets about it when she starts flirting with Sean. She and Sean arrange to meet on the night Chi-yan is supposed to meet Kevin. Sean goes to clear up a misunderstanding with a woman named Angelina, which leads to a one-night stand. Chi-yan is left waiting for Sean and Kevin is waiting for Chi-yan. When Chi-yan find out what Sean did she ends their relationship. Sean later leaves his office when the economy crisis causes his company to lose a large sum of money and goes to the US. Three years later, Sean comes back into Chi-yan's life as her new boss. He tries to win her heart again, but she is put off because he is easily seduced by women. When Chi-yan is becoming disappointed Sean, Kevin also comes back into her life. After their last meeting, he successfully started an architecture firm and moves to where Sean's old office was located. Both guys court her and she must choose between the aggressive flower-hearted Sean or the sincere Kevin.
The Road Home	Chinese	romance	Zhang Yimou	The Road Home is the story of a country girl and a young teacher falling in love, and the teacher's death many years later that brings their son back from the big city for the funeral. The film begins in black and white in present-day China when the son (Sun Honglei) returns to his village from the city upon hearing of his father's death. His mother, Zhao Di (Zhao Yulian), insists upon following the tradition of carrying the coffin back to their remote village by foot so that her husband's spirit will remember its way home. As the narrator, the son recounts the story of his parents' courtship, so famous that it has gained the status of a legend in the village. It is here the bleak black and white turns into vivid colors as the story shifts to the past. His father, Luo Changyu (Zheng Hao), came to the village as the teacher. Immediately, Zhao Di (Zhang Ziyi) became infatuated with him and he with her. Thus began a courtship which consisted mostly of the exchange of looks and glances between the two. Unfortunately, the courtship was interrupted when Luo was summoned by the government to return to the city. (Several reviewers have speculated that the flashback portion of the film is set during the Anti-Rightist Campaign and that Luo's recall was for investigation and questioning.[2][3][4]) Zhao Di's heart was broken; she insisted on waiting for him in the snow and fell so ill that the villagers thought she would die. However, upon hearing news of her illness, the teacher was able to sneak back to the village and Zhao Di, in tears, welcomed the sight of her beloved. Still, their love would not be consummated for a few years more because the teacher was kept away from the village as punishment for having left his assignment in the city without permission. Returning to the present day, and black and white, the son realizes how important this ritual of carrying the coffin back to village is to his mother, Zhao Di, and he agrees to make all necessary arrangements to fulfill her wish. He is told by the mayor of the village that it might be difficult to find enough porters to carry the father home, as there are few young able men left in the village. The mayor and the son reach an agreement on the price to be paid to the porters. But when the procession sets out, more than 100 people show up to help carry home the casket of the man who was their teacher through various generations in the village. The mayor returns the money to the son, as no one will accept payment for doing what they consider to be an honor rather than a task. On the morning of the day the son leaves to return to his job in the city, he fulfills his father's dream and teaches a class in the old schoolhouse that was central to his parents having fallen in love, using the textbook his father had written himself.
Thirumanam Enum Nikkah	Tamil	romance	Anees	Ragava (Jai) and Vishnu Priya (Nazriya Nazim) are travelling in the train from Chennai to Coimbatore under the identities Abu Bakar and Aayisha. Ragava acquires the identity of Abu as he gets a ticket reserved in that name and Priya acquires the identity of Aayisha as she is impersonating her Muslim friend for a project. Abu/Ragava helps her from a stalker and in course falls in love with her. She too develops feelings for him. Back in Chennai, they start to get to know each other. They assume that the other person is a Muslim. But soon Priya feels guilty and asks Ragava to keep away from her. Saddened by this, Ragava meets a Unani doctor Showkhat Ali (Jamal) and learns about Islam just for the sake of Aayisha. Showkhat's daughter Naseema (Hebah Patel) falls in love with Ragava, assuming him to be Abu Bakar. On the day of Ramzan, Priya confesses her love to Ragava and they start a relationship. Under certain circumstances, they both come to know about their true identities. Though their family arrange their marriage, they feel that they had true love only for their Muslim counterparts. On the day of their marriage, they break up and move away. Meanwhile, Naseema comes to know about Ragava's marriage and her cousin Ashraff (Dinesh) plans for revenge. Ragava and Priya attend Priya's friend Aayisha's marriage and they feel that they still have love for each other. As Ragava leaves the venue, Ashraff and his friends beat him up. Naseema stops them and confesses that only she had mistaken Ragava. Priya notices the brawl, realizes her love and hugs Ragava. Finally, they both get married.
Love in Bombay	Bollywood	romance	Joy Mukherjee	This film is a simple story of a village boy, Baadal (Joy Mukherjee) who meets a girl from the city, Preeti (Waheeda Rehman) in the most unusual circumstances and the couple eventually fall in love, and wish to get married only to find Preeti’s scheming father, played by Rehman and her fiancé, Roshan try all methods to separate the couple. There’s a lot of drama, jealousy, and a challenge that ensues, but Baadal ends up triumphant through it all. The most fun element was Kishore Kumar‘s character, Ganpat Rao who effortlessly makes you smile from the time he enters the scene. Then there’s the moment of unity for actor brothers, Ashok Kumar and Kishore Kumar which was heartwarming for more reasons than just their screen presence together.
Bawre Nain	Bollywood	romance	Kidar Sharma	Chand lives in a small rural town in India. He is unable to pay the rent, and his landlord evicts him. He re-locates to another town and meets with a young woman named Tara. Both are attracted to each other. Chand is unable to secure employment in this town, and moves elsewhere. Tara waits for several months, but does not hear anything from him. So she decides to go and look for him, hoping to re-kindle her love. She is shocked and surprised to find him with an attractive woman named Rajni, who claims that Chand is her betrothed and both are to get married soon.
Batasari	Telugu	romance	P. S. Ramakrishna Rao	Surendranath/Suren (ANR) is the son of a Zamindar (Ramanna Panthulu). His good-hearted step mother (Suryakantham) keeping in mind his health objects to his going to London for higher studies. A peeved Suren leaves home, reaches Madras, and stays with a rich man Apparao (B.R. Panthulu) as a tutor to his younger daughter Pramila (Baby Sasikala). Widowed even before she attained womanhood, Madhavi (Bhanumathi) the eldest daughter of Apparao learns about the distrait ways of Suren, provides him with all his needs. When she writes about Suren to her friend Manorama (Devika), Manorama cautions her about showing too much interest in him. Hurt by her servant’s (Chayadevi) gossip about her and Suren and also for neglecting his duty as a teacher, Madhavi chides Suren. Upset, he leaves on an aimless journey, meets with an accident and his father takes him home. Suren marries Shanti (‘Shavukaru’ Janaki) but his heart longs for Madhavi. After performing her brother Siva Chandra (Ramanamurthy)’s marriage, Madhavi hands over responsibilities to his wife (Mohana) and leaves for her home inherited from her husband but finds that house under auction due to a plot hatched by Suren’s estate manager (Mudigonda Lingamurthy). Not knowing it was Suren, Madhavi goes to confront the zamindar. Meanwhile Suren learns about the manager’s wicked ways and despite his grave illness rushes on horseback to meet Madhavi to give her house documents. They meet. She expresses a wish to see his wife Shanti while he struggles to express his love for her. He dies in her lap.
Varna	Telugu	romance	Selvaraghavan	Irandam Ulagam is about two stories which unfold concurrently in two different planets – our Earth and an unnamed exoplanet.[2] On earth a timid medical student Ramya (Anushka Shetty) who has a crush on an academic mathematician Madhu Balakrishnan (Arya), asks him out. He initially refuses her proposal for marriage as his father is an invalid needing his full attention and care. Later, Madhu gradually reciprocates Ramya's love seeing her caring nature and proposes marriage. But, she reluctantly rejects his proposal as her family has already arranged her marriage. While on a trip to Goa, Madhu wins Ramya's heart while her fiance abruptly cancels the marriage citing dowry as the reason. She suddenly dies in a freak accident and this is followed by Madhu's paralysed father's death too. Depressed by the sudden twin tragedies, Madhu becomes a vagabond in Goa. He sees an apparition of his dead father that tells him death is an illusion. Later, at a local tourist spot, he follows an empty car to a hilltop and tries to commit suicide. He gets injured and faints while trying to drive the car. The story moves parallel in the alternate world in a relatively primitive kingdom which protects the immortal Amma. The son of a noble military commander, Maravan (Arya), falls in love with a working class orphan Varna (Anushka Shetty). Maravan, though fearless, does not take interest in martial arts and roams around the kingdom drinking with his friends. Varna, on the other hand, is interested in a military career though she picks and packs wild mushrooms to eke out a living. She also has the desire to protect Amma from the enemies of the kingdom. While gatecrashing a military admissions exam for Amma's protection, the tyrant king condemns Varna to his harem. Maravan pleads with the king to release Varna and the king in return challenges Maravan to get hold of a lion's skin within three days. Maravan, though inexperienced, fights with the lion that has never been conquered until then and gets Varna released. At the behest of the king, Varna is forced to marry Maravan, which goes against her free will. So, she tries to commit suicide after assaulting the king. But Amma saves her and the riled king exiles her to the forest. Depressed Maravan tries to commit suicide in vain. Taunted by new military recruits, Maravan climbs a sacred mountain called Swamimalai. Meanwhile, with the special powers of Amma, an inter-planetary portal opens briefly between Maravan in Swamimalai and Madhu in Goa. Maravan rescues the fainted Madhu from the car and takes him to Amma for treatment. People of the kingdom celebrate Madhu mistake him for an angel. Enemies lay siege to the kingdom and try to kidnap Amma but intoxicated Maravan fights them off with the help of Varna, who returns from the forest. When Madhu looks at Varna (who looks like Ramya), flowers begin to bloom in the kingdom for the first time. But the timid people force Varna back into the forests. Later Maravan's bravery is rewarded by his father and king who admits him into military service. Maravan, with new-found confidence, goes into the forest to meet Varna with food and blankets. But she rejects him again. Madhu too goes into the forest to meet Varna. This time, Varna accepts his friendship. Marvan gets jealous of Madhu. A stormy night forces Varna to eventually return to the kingdom from the forest. The enemies of the kingdom capture Amma while the irate king sends Maravan for execution for illegally housing Varna. Maravan is captured by the enemy troops while abducting Amma. Madhu and Varna set out through forest to find Maravan and Amma. Varna eventually realises that she had fallen in love with her husband Maravan after hearing about Ramya. Maravan bravely wipes out the entire army of the enemy and escapes with Amma on a boat. But Madhu is drowned in combat. Amma stops Varna and Maravan from saving him. Then an inter-planetary portal opens briefly again and Madhu lands in another unnamed exoplanet where he finally meets his soulmate Ramya look-alike again. He earnestly asks her if she is single. Finally he realises that it is his true destiny.
Reuben, Reuben	American	romance	Robert Ellis Miller	Gowan McGland (Tom Conti) is a creatively blocked Scottish poet who ekes out a day-to-day existence by exploiting the generosity of strangers in an affluent Connecticut suburb, where he recites his verse to various arts groups and women's clubs. Gowan is something of a leech, cadging expensive dinners from well-off patrons (usually stealing the tips afterward) while seducing their bored wives and affecting a superior attitude toward the smug bourgeois types he exploits. Although a talented poet, he is also a chronic drunk, indifferent to the wounds he can casually inflict with his wit. (When one of Gowan's middle-aged conquests undresses for him, he mutters, Released from their support, her breasts dropped like hanged men, reducing her to tears.) Gowan falls in love with a young college student, Geneva Spofford (Kelly McGillis), who has everything to lose from a relationship with a drunken deadbeat poet unable to hold a job. Gowan instigates two ugly incidents that eventually cause their breakup: first, a bar fight from which Geneva rescues him, and later, when he causes a scene in a fancy restaurant where the waiters know he's stolen their tips. He also suffers an ironic comeuppance from Dr. Jack Haxby (Joel Fabiani). The dentist, after finding out about the poet's affair with his wife, uses the ruse of free dental care for ruining Gowan's smile and forcing him to wear dentures. When Gowan finds out, it is already too late, and the damage is irrevocable. (Gowan fears losing his teeth, equating it with death.) Gowan prepares to hang himself, but while dictating his last thoughts into a tape recorder, he comes up with some good lines and regains his will to write. Unfortunately, his host's pet dog, an old English sheepdog named Reuben, comes bounding into the room, causing Gowan to lose his balance before he can undo the noose, turning the aborted suicide into accidental asphyxiation. The film's title comprises Gowan's final words, an unsuccessful attempt to halt the dog.
New Morals for Old	American	romance	Charles Brabin	Mr. and Mrs. Thomas are affluent New Yorkers who are unhappy that their adult children, Ralph Thomas (Robert Young) and Phyl Thomas (Margaret Perry), spend so many evenings at parties instead of spending time with family. Their disapproval deepens when they discover both children want to move out to pursue lifestyles that the parents deem unacceptable: Phyl moves into her own apartment so that she can conduct an affair with a married man, Duff Wilson (David Newell). Her brother, Ralph, goes to Paris to pursue his dream of being a painter, thus disappointing his father who expected him to remain in the family wallpaper business. Mrs. Thomas repeatedly tries to invoke guilt in both children for not being with her, especially after Mr. Thomas dies of a stroke. Eventually, Phyl marries her paramour and Ralph returns to New York, having failed as an artist. Mrs. Thomas dies shortly after Ralph’s return. At the end of the film, Phyl, her twin infants, her husband Duff, and her brother Ralph are all living in the family home, with a newfound appreciation for the benefits of family life. In the film’s last scene, Ralph and Duff are laughing together about how Phyl has evolved into a protective maternal figure, much like her own mother.
Manmadhudu	Telugu	romance	K. Vijaya Bhaskar	Abhiram (Nagarjuna Akkineni) 24 is a manager in an ad agency, owned by his paternal uncle Prasad (Tanikella Bharani)42. He despises women and expresses his hatred every minute of every day. But his office is populated by women as it is an ad agency and he has to live with it. Prasad appoints Harika (Sonali Bendre) 21 as the new assistant manager and Abhiram hates to have another female employee in his office. He never leaves an opportunity to belittle her and gradually Harika gets fed up and goes to Chairman Prasad to submit her resignation. Prasad asks her to think about it twice and tells her about Abhiram's past and why he deeply hates women. Abhi lost his parents when he was too young and his grandfather (M. Balaiah) brings him up. He was the only heir to their family business and enjoys life in his own way. He meets and falls in love with Maheswari (Anshu)21, who is the niece of an employee (Chandra Mohan) 51 in Abhi's grandfather's company. Alarmed that he will just play with her and leave her, Maheshwari's uncle takes her away to his hometown and arranges her engagement with another man. Abhi goes there and tries to bring Maheswari with him assuring her uncle that he is going to marry her. But on the way to his grandfather's home, they meet with a serious accident. When Abhi returns to his consciousness, his grandfather tells him that Maheswari married another person and shows him the invitation card. Abhi feels cheated and starts to hate all the women and thinks that they all are superficial and treacherous. After listening to this, Harika feels sympathy towards Abhi's pain and his child like mind. She decides to stay with the company and Prasad promotes her as manager and demotes Abhi as assistant manager for some time. Though infuriated, Abhi has no choice but stay and goes with her to Paris on a business trip. There they become close and Harika helps him with his phobia of water. Abhi starts to fall for Harika but is disappointed and distances himself from her when she reveals that she is engaged to be married. After they come back to India, Abhi behaves in a childish manner to get over his disappointment. Harika reciprocates his feelings but is confused about getting married as Abhi won't express his feelings. Meanwhile, Abhi's aunt (Sudha) reveals that Maheswari actually died in the accident they were in and they hid that information fearing that Abhi might not come out of the shock of that news. Abhi realizes it was foolish of him to hate women but is too shocked to express his feelings to Harika. At last Harika dares and tells him that this marriage was her parents choice not hers, indirectly indicating that she was ready to come to him if he asks. Prasad comes to know that Abhi and Harika have feelings for each other and encourages Abhi to go and get her. Finally he asks her to marry him and she breaks her previous engagement and marries him.
Yuvakudu	Telugu	romance	Karunakaran	Yuvakudu is the story of a free spirited college student, Siva (Sumanth), who shares a very close bond with his mother, played by Jayasudha. Siva is the son of an army officer who's killed in the line of duty. Despite the disapproval of his mother, Siva secretly harbors a strong desire of following in his father's footsteps by joining the army. The fun loving youngster falls in love with Sindhu(Bhumika) but the girl does not reciprocate his love. She rejects his marriage proposal and the relationship takes a negative tone. Knowing her son's love for Sindhu, Jayasudha takes the responsibility of bringing them together. She meets Sindhu who too takes an instant liking for her. She eventually asks Sindhu to marry her son. Sindhu accepts the proposal saying that she's doing so only for the sake of Siva's mother. Despite a rocky start to their marriage, their relationship finally settles down. However the story takes an unexpected turn when Siva is selected into the Army. He joins the army against the wishes of his mother and their relationship turns sour. How Siva eventually proves himself in the line of duty and reconciles with his mother forms the rest of the story.
Priyatama	Marathi	romance	Satish Motling	Parsha belongs to a community in Maharashtra, known as Potraj, who are said to be messengers of Goddess Lakshmi, and devote their entire lives to this service. This community travels around and makes temporary shelters at each village, feeding themselves on grains donated by villagers, as they are not allowed to live normal lives. Members of Potraj carry a whip, called Korda, and regularly practice mortification of the flesh, as a way to please Lakshmi. Parsha soon meets Gauri, a sweet young village girl belonging to a very rich family. Her father is Sarpanch of that village. Initially Gauri is scared of Parsha, but soon she begins to see a different person in him and they both start developing feelings for each other. Their mutual feelings get stronger with every meeting. Soon, they realize that they cannot live without each other, and conflict arises when they face rough reactions from both ends of society.[4] The film draws inspiration from Shakespeare's play, Romeo and Juliet.[5]
The Girl Next Door	American	romance	Luke Greenfield	Ambitious high school senior Matthew Kidman (Emile Hirsch) has been accepted to Georgetown University, but cannot afford the tuition. He has raised $25,000 in order to bring a brilliant Cambodian student, Samnang, to study in the United States, but finds little else truly memorable about his high school experience. His life suddenly changes when Danielle (Elisha Cuthbert) moves in next door. Matthew witnesses her undressing from his bedroom window, until she sees him and storms over, knocking on the door and introducing herself to his parents. They suggest to Matthew that he show Danielle around town. While driving around, Danielle stops the car and forces Matthew to get out and strip for her. The two get to know each other through weird adventures, which includes Matthew finding himself in his principal's pool. He and Danielle sneak away and pick up his friends before going to a party. When a few of Matthew's athlete classmates attempt to get him away from Danielle and kick him out of the party, he finds the courage to walk right up and kiss her. Matthew's world is suddenly rocked the next day when his friend Eli informs him that Danielle is an adult film actress. On Eli's advice, Matthew takes Danielle to a sleazy motel. Danielle, insulted, realizes that he has discovered her past and abruptly ends the relationship. Matthew later attempts to apologize and reconcile, but Danielle believes that she will never be able to escape her past and decides to return to the adult industry. Matthew tracks Danielle down at an adult film convention in Las Vegas where Kelly (Timothy Olyphant), a porn producer and Danielle's ex, menacingly warns Matthew not to interfere with his business. Matthew ignores him, convincing Danielle to leave the adult industry and begin their relationship anew. Next morning, Kelly furiously abducts Matthew from school and assaults him, saying that Danielle's failure to film has cost him $30,000. Kelly offers to let Matthew erase his debt by stealing an award statuette from porn mogul Hugo Posh (James Remar), but once Matthew has entered the house Kelly calls in a burglary report and leaves the premises. Matthew narrowly avoids the police and rushes to a scholarship award dinner. High on ecstasy that Kelly gave him as aspirin, he gives a deeply sentimental speech but loses out on the scholarship. Kelly exacts further revenge by stealing all the money Matthew raised for Samnang. Matthew fears that he will be implicated in the crime and expelled from school. He turns to Danielle for help in recouping his losses. Danielle calls in two friends from her porn star days, and they agree to make a video for Hugo Posh on prom night using Matthew's classmates as actors. After the successful shoot, Danielle and Matthew have sex in their limousine. Despite Danielle's past, it is the first time she has truly made love. The next morning Eli calls Matthew, panicked because the prom night tape has been stolen, jeopardizing their hopes of financial recovery. Matthew enters his home to find Kelly (and the stolen tape) in his home, along with his parents and Principal Salinger. Kelly, in private, tells Matthew that unless he is given half of all profits, he will play the tape immediately for Matthew's family. Matthew dares him to show the tape, asserting that he no longer cares about his now-ruined future, and Kelly obliges. Surprising everyone, Matthew and his friends have made a progressive, comprehensive sex ed tape rather than a porn film. With no more cards left to play, Kelly admits defeat as well as a grudging respect for Matthew. Hugo Posh and Matthew make millions from the video. Hugo Posh pays for Samnang to come to the USA, while Matthew has enough money to attend Georgetown and take Danielle to DC with him. Matthew's story ends with him getting the girl of his dreams and a chance at the future he has always wanted.
Vaazhthugal	Tamil	romance	Seeman	Vazhthugal revolves around Kathiravan, a successful entrepreneur who manages a software company. Kathiravan is an affectionate son and socially responsible too. His company is involved in various social activities. When his close friend's parents are forced by their daughter-in-law to leave home, Kathrivan decides to marry a girl who will keep his parents happy. While watching a television programme he is impressed by Kayal, a college student from Coimbatore being interviewed on a show. To a question by the interviewer, 'where do you see yourself in another ten years?' Kayal deviating from the usual clichéd answers replies, As an ideal wife, mother and daughter-in-law. And during the course of her talk, she attributes her success to her large and loving family consisting of her parents, maternal grandfather, aunts, uncles and cousins. Kathiravan is impressed with her attitude and feels that she is the right life companion for him. He goes to Coimbatore to woo her. But meeting her in her college does not help. So he takes it as an opportunity when he learns that Kayal's grandfather is on the look out for an interior designer to renovate their traditional home. Posing as an interior designer, he undertakes the job winning the hearts of Kayal and her family members. When the family comes to know that the two are in love, especially Kayal's grandfather who believes that all love marriages are a failure. However, Kathiravan does not want to marry Kayal without her family's acceptance. How he wins their love is what Vazhthugal is all about.
A Walk in the Spring Rain	American	romance	Guy Green	Libby Meredith and her law professor husband, Roger, move from New York to a small house in the backwoods of Tennessee. Their neighbor, Will Cade, is very helpful and friendly to them, and to Libby especially. While her intellectual husband is busy writing a book, Libby comes to like the country life and finds herself attracted to Will's rural sensibilities, culminating in a brief middle-aged affair, as Will is married, too. Meanwhile, Libby's daughter, Ellen, arrives asking for help in raising her son, Bucky, while she attends Harvard law school. Shortly after, Will's hot-tempered son, who has found out about their romantic relationship, molests Libby when she is out walking. Though Libby is rescued by Will, he accidentally kills his own son while defending her. After attending the funeral, the disillusioned Merediths decide to return to New York because Roger drifted away from his wife and has grown depressed, failing to finish his book. When Libby bids goodbye to Will at his house, he says he will be waiting for her if she ever returns, but Libby replies that she no longer believes in miracles. The last scene shows Libby picking up Bucky from school, and part of the song A Walk in the Spring Rain plays over the end credits.[2]
Kanna	Tamil	romance	Anand	The story is set in Coimbatore. Annapoorani (Sheela) is the daughter of Seetha and Raghunath (Prakashraj) MD of a software company. She has everything in life - loving family, friends and studies in a convent where she is a 10th standard student. The school organizes an educational tour to Ooty. Annapoorani goes to Ooty with her friends accompanied by her class teacher Ashirvadham (Livingston) and teacher (Sona Nair). In Ooty, they stay in a palace like guest house. Annapoorani meets Kanna (Raja) who is the group's tour guide. They are at loggerheads, but eventually get closer to each other and their acquaintance blossoms into love. This leads to a twist in the plot. Annapoorani returns to Coimbatore and is unable to forget Kanna. One day she hears her friend planning to meet her boyfriend and she gets an idea. She decides to meet her sweetheart with a gift. She borrows a two-wheeler and starts for Ooty. On the way, the vehicle breaks down. So she continues her journey on foot. In the meantime, her parents panic when they find that she has not returned from school and start searching for her.
Save the Last Dance	American	romance	Thomas Carter	Sara Johnson, a promising dancer in high school in suburban Chicago, hopes to be admitted to study at Juilliard School and invites her mother to attend the audition. She fails the audition and soon learns that her mother was involved in a fatal car accident in her haste to get to the audition. Sara is wracked by guilt and gives up on ballet. She moves in with her father and transfers to an urban Chicago school. Her father is a jazz musician who plays the trumpet and usually plays in nightclubs. At her new school, Sara is one of a handful of white students but quickly befriends Chenille, a single teen mother who is having relationship problems. Chenille invites Sara to a dance club called STEPPS, where she has her first experience of dancing to hip hop rhythms. At STEPPS, Sara dances with Derek, Chenille's brother and a student with dreams of ultimately attending Georgetown Medical School. He decides to help Sara develop her dancing skills by incorporating more hip hop into her style. Derek takes a reluctant Sara to the Joffrey Ballet and, afterwards, Sara confides in him about her mother and her dreams. Later, they return to the club and amaze others with their dancing. Having achieved his dream of being accepted at Georgetown University, Derek convinces her to follow her dreams of Juilliard. Eventually, Sara and Derek begin a relationship. At school, Nikki, Derek's jealous ex-girlfriend, picks a fight with Sara. Chenille tells Sara that she didn't approve of the fight but can understand the bitterness since Sara, a white girl, is seen as stealing one of the few decent black men in the school. Because of this conversation, Sara breaks up with Derek. Meanwhile, Derek deals with his friend Malakai, who is heavily into the gang lifestyle that Derek is trying to leave. Derek accepts Malakai's plea for support in a drive-by for the same time as Sara's audition. Sara's father has a heart-to-heart talk with her and encourages her to audition for Juilliard again. After hearing what Chenille told Sara, Derek confronts her and admitted his true reasons for dumping Nikki. She admits what she did was wrong and encourages him to be with Sara. Chenille also warns Derek not to support Malakai knowing the consequences and he will lose his chance to attend Georgetown. Derek turns his back on Malakai to attend Sara's audition. He arrives at a crucial point of her performance to offer her encouragement and moral support. After her audition, Sara is accepted and she rekindles her relationship with Derek. Meanwhile, the drive-by becomes botched and Malakai is arrested. The film closes as Sara, Derek, Chenille, and their friends meet at STEPPS to celebrate Sara's successful audition.
Hold Back the Dawn	American	romance	Mitchell Leisen	The story opens with Georges Iscovescu (Boyer) recounting his story to a Hollywood film director at Paramount in an effort to earn some quick cash. Georges is a Romanian-born gigolo who has arrived in a Mexican border town seeking entry to the US. He has to endure a waiting period of up to eight years in order to obtain a quota number, living with other hopeful immigrants in the Esperanza Hotel. After six months he is broke and unhappy. When he runs into his former dancing partner Anita Dixon (Goddard) she explains how she quickly obtained US citizenship by marrying an American, who she then, just as quickly, divorced. Georges resolves on the same plan. He soon targets visiting school teacher Miss Emmy Brown (de Havilland), who is in Mexico on a day trip with her class of about fifteen young boys. Georges manages to extend the time necessary to repair her broken down automobile. Emmy and her pupils sleep in the lobby of the full-up Esperanza Hotel. This provides Georges the opportunity to quickly and intensively woo Emmy in the early morning hours; she awakens to him sitting nearby and gazing at her lovingly. By claiming she is the exact image of the lost love of his life, his seemingly intense ardor toward a stranger is plausible, and they marry later that same day. However, George must wait some weeks before entering the US, and Emmy returns home with the boys. A few days later, Emmy unexpectedly returns, complicating Georges' plans. Immigration inspector Hammock (Abel) also appears, hunting for con artists such as Georges, and necessitating Georges' and an unwitting Emmy's departure. He drives all night, arriving at dawn in a small village. They participate in a festival of traditional blessings for newlyweds, an event that Emmy assumes has been Georges' destination all along. Georges had not planned on consummating marriage, believing that he could return her to her small town essentially unchanged by the marriage, and fakes a shoulder injury. However, as the trip continues, he is surprised and increasingly enchanted by Emmy. When they stop at the seaside, Emmy bathes in the cool green water and Georges is unable to resist making love to her. However this jeopardizes Anita's plan for she and Georges to meet in New York and work together, to which he had agreed. Anita has long been in love with Georges, and on their return, brutally informs Emmy of the entire scheme reciting the inscription on Emmy's wedding ring, which Georges' said was his mother's. Hammock then asks Emmy to verify the legitimacy of her marriage; she does not turn him in, partially blaming her own naiveté, but nevertheless leaves him. Returning to the US, she drives distractedly, in anguish at Georges' betrayal. When a black lace veil Georges had bought her is blown into her face, she is seriously injured in a car accident. When Georges learns of this, he immediately crosses the border, jeopardizing his visa to go to her. On hearing his voice she awakens; seeing him, her misery relieved and her breathing and heartbeat normalize as he sits with her for hours. However, Hammock is still on his tail, and when Georges sees police arriving, he takes off. He heads to Paramount to try to sell his story to director Dwight Saxon (Mitchell Leisen), in order to get the money for Emmy's care. Hammock catches up with him and returns him to Mexico. Some weeks later Hammock returns to the border town. Anita has a new sugar daddy. Georges has unsurprisingly not heard from Emmy, and believes the worst, sitting dejectedly on a bench writing notes in the sand. Hammock joins him, and tells Georges that he didn't report the illegal entry – Georges' visa has been approved. Georges looks up to see Emmy, in a beautiful hat, happily waving to him in the sun from across the border. He crosses, and they depart.
Ishq	Telugu	romance	Vikram Kumar	The movie begins with a scene where the injured Siva (Ajay) is being rushed to the hospital. His father (Nagineedu), comes to the hospital and scolds him for his rogue behavior and disowns him and says that he will only return if Siva changes. It turns out that Siva had failed in a love affair with a girl named Divya. Three years later Rahul (Nithiin) is a very jovial and friendly guy who likes to have fun and play practical jokes. He studies in Delhi and has just finished semester exams and heads back to Hyderabad for vacation where his family lives. Meanwhile, Priya (Nithya Menen), a beautiful and lively girl, is going to Hyderabad to take her semester exams and meet her brother. Rahul sees Priya at a traffic jam on the way to the airport, but does not quite see her face. Priya sees Rahul recovering a toy for a child. She is impressed, but she does not get to see his face either. But she collects his cap after Rahul loses it while recovering the toy. At the airport, Rahul plays a prank on Priya after he recognizes her by her bracelets and tattoo he saw at the traffic jam which annoys Priya. While flying to Hyderabad he falls for her. Unexpected circumstances force their plane to land in Goa. There, Rahul apologizes for his behavior. Priya recognizes Rahul as the person who recovered the toy for the child at the traffic jam after Rahul recognizes his cap. Priya then starts being friendly with Rahul. Rahul takes Priya to his friend's marriage in Goa and promises her a wonderful time. He introduces Priya as his wife to his favorite Jaya aunty (Rohini), the wedding groom's mother. Jaya aunty treats Priya like a princess and gives her a great time. Later, Priya is saved by Rahul after a few goons try to rape her at the beach. Slowly Rahul and Priya become very close friends and develop feelings for each other. Jaya aunty finds out that Priya is not Rahul's wife as they are about to depart and tells Rahul to confess his feelings for her as soon as possible and gives him the bracelets she bought for Rahul's future wife. By the time they get to Hyderabad, they are deeply in love with each other. But as Rahul is about to confess his feelings for her at the airport, he sees Priya being received by her brother, who turns out to be Siva. The girl Siva failed in love with was none other than Rahul's older sister, Divya (Sindhu Tolani). In the flashback, Siva is madly in love with Divya but always torments her as she rejects him multiple times. After Siva finds out that Divya got engaged, he threatens her and throws away the engagement ring that was given to her by her mother-in-law-to-be who has a sentimental value towards the ring. After Rahul finds Divya searching for the ring late night, he finds out what happened. Rahul goes to Siva and beats him up severely and finds the ring, which was why he was taken to the hospital in the beginning of the movie. As a result, Siva develops hatred towards Rahul. Now Siva is a changed decent man, a successful entrepreneur, and married to Geetha (Satya Krishnan). But the couple does not have kids, which always bothers Siva. Meanwhile, Siva's mother (Sudha) convinces his father to go visit Siva to see if he has changed. Rahul finally confesses his love to Priya. But Siva finds out that Priya is in love with Rahul and beats him up. Upon arrival, Siva's father is convinced that Siva has changed and happily reunites with him. But just as Siva receives his father, an injured Rahul falls in front of them. Siva takes him to the hospital. Unaware of the situation, Siva's father asks Rahul about what happened. Rahul tells him everything but by keeping the identities anonymous. Siva's father befriends Rahul. Rahul plays a game with Siva to become close to his family and get Priya. But Siva threatens Divya to harm her and Rahul if Rahul does not leave Priya alone. Rahul tells Siva and his father that he will forget his girlfriend. Later, Siva's father asks Siva to ask Rahul if he will marry Priya. Siva realizes that Rahul was manipulating all of them and decides to get Rahul killed and hires a local goon Kala (Supreet Reddy). But he finds out that Kala's brother had attempted to rape Priya in Goa and got beaten up by Rahul. He starts beating Kala's brother and Kala beats Siva badly. Priya who was on a phone conversation with Siva calls Rahul and tells him to save Siva. Rahul goes there and beats up Kala and saves Siva. Siva realizes that Rahul's love is sincere. Siva later wakes up in the hospital and finds out that Geetha is finally pregnant. He finally agrees for Rahul to be with Priya and the movie ends on a happy note.[1]
Gangotri	Telugu	romance	K. Raghavendra Rao	Neelakantham Naidu (Prakash Raj) is a big factionist. He has a loyal confidant Narasimha (Suman), who is willing to give his life for the sake of his master. After many years, Neelakantham's wife (Pragathi) gives a birth to a baby girl. But all the earlier babies born to Neelakantham died due to some unknown reason. The priests advise Neelakantham to name his daughter as Gangotri. They also warn Neelakantham that the child has 'jalagandam', hence they ask Neelakantham to take Gangotri to the holy place of Gangotri (after which she was named) in the Himalayas and perform 'abhyangana snanam' (bathe with turmeric, milk, etc.) for the next 15 years. After 15 years, Gangotri would be free of any danger. When nobody could entertain the child Gangotri, Simhadri, the son of Narasimha entertains her with a song. Simhadri becomes a servant and friend to Gangotri. They grow up together. Simhadri (Allu Arjun) and Gangotri (Aditi Agarwal) are good friends. In the mean time, Simhadri's mother (Seetha) sacrifices her life to save Neelakantham. When Gangotri attains puberty, Gangotri's paternal aunt (Telangana Shakuntala) restricts Simhadri from meeting Gangotri as it would be wrong. When Simhadri comes to Gangotri's place clandestinely to meet her, they are caught by Neelakantham. Neelakantham's sister speaks badly about their relationship. Neelakantham beats Simhadri. Meanwhile, Narasimha comes to the spot and interferes. This causes a rift between Neelakantham and Narasimha. Neelakantam is misinformed about Narasimha's intentions; hence he has bombs planted in Narasimha's house. Simhadri is away at that time. When Simhadri comes to know that Neelakantam is responsible for the bombing, he comes to Neelakantam's house and challenges that he will marry Gangotri in 365 days. Then Simhadri goes to the holy place Gangotri and waits for his ladylove to come there for the final sacred bath. They try to elope but Neelakantham sobes Simhadri with sword and Gangotri commits suicide which makes Neelakantham realise their love. Simhadri gets consciousness and with their favorite tune from flute and get back his love and they hug each other.
Has Anybody Seen My Gal?	American	romance	Douglas Sirk	The year is 1928. Samuel Fulton (Charles Coburn) is an old and lonely New York millionaire who has decided to leave his fortune to the family of the late Millicent Blaisdell. Millicent is the only woman he has ever been in love with and they briefly dated, until she dumped him because she did not return his love. Samuel explains to his lawyer Edward Norton (Frank Ferguson) that losing the love of his life was what inspired him to build up a career as a wealthy businessman, eventually becoming the richest man in the world. Fearing the family will spend the money the wrong way, he decides to visit them in a small Vermont town, faking a newspaper advertisement to board a room under the alias John Smith. The family is initially reluctant to take in Samuel, but Roberta, the youngest daughter, (Gigi Perreau) wastes no time and makes him feel as welcome as possible. He notices that the Blaisdells are a happy family who, although poor, are proud of their background. Father Charles (Larry Gates) has taught the family not to put a value on materialistic products. Nevertheless, mother Harriet (Lynn Bari) wishes for her daughter Millicent (Piper Laurie) to marry Carl Pennock (Skip Homeier), a wealthy but snobbish young man who could buy Millicent everything that Harriet never had. Millicent, however, is not keen on Carl and prefers to marry Dan Stebbins (Rock Hudson), a charming but poor soda jerk. While staying at the Blaisdells, 'John' is given a job at Dan's store as soda jerk. One night, Millie and Dan announce their engagement, which upsets Harriet. Shortly after, Norton arrives, announcing the family has inherited $100,000 from an unknown man. When realizing Norton is not joking, the family – especially Harriet – immediately gives up their humble life for the upper-class life style. Charles is not enthusiastic of his wife's sudden craze of materialism, but allows her to buy whatever she wants. The oldest son Howard (William Reynolds) immediately starts gambling a large amount of money and lands a debt, which prompts Samuel to help him. Meanwhile, Dan, feeling he could never live up to Millie's expectations, breaks off their engagement. Afterwards, Millie reluctantly starts dating Carl again, much under the pressure of her mother. Samuel helps both Millie and Howard escape from a raid, which results in his being jailed. Soon, Harriet feels that Samuel's presence is ruining the family image, unaware of the reason why he ended up in jail. In this period, he is supported only by Dan, who admits his intentions of leaving town to build a career. Trying to prevent Millie and Dan from disappearing out of each other's life, he sets up a meeting at the cinema. There, an argument follows, and Millie exclaims her hatred for the family's sudden wealth, complaining that it is the cause of all bad things happening to her. She is comforted by Samuel, and thereby attracts the attention of other theatre-goers, who suspect that Sam and Millie were necking. During the ongoing social party at Blaisdell's house, there is gossip of the necking in the cinema, which prompts Harriet to force Millie to announce her engagement to Carl. Meanwhile, Charles announces he has lost his investments, which makes Samuel realize that the Blaisdells are in no position of making wise financial decisions. Obligated by Samuel, Norton refuses a loan, after which Charles begs the Pennocks for money. Pennock Senior (Paul McVey) refuses the loan to Charles and leaves with wife and son Carl the party, which makes clear that the engagement is off. Much to Harriet's distress, the Blaisdell family returns to their old lifestyle. At the end, Roberta reveals that 'John' has won the first prize at an art show, having secretly entered his paintings. Samuel immediately leaves the house to avoid the press, and realizes that the Blaisdells now think of him as the grandfather he could have been.
Forever	American	romance	George Fitzmaurice	Peter Ibbetson (Reid) is an orphan raised by his uncle, Colonel Ibbetson. When the Colonel insults his dead mother, Peter attacks him and is ordered from the house. Then the young man runs into his childhood sweetheart, Mimsi (Ferguson), and their romantic feelings are rekindled. Unfortunately, Mimsi has married, but they carry on a love affair in their dreams. Their dream-affair continues over the years, even after Peter kills her husband, the Duke of Towers, and gets a life prison sentence.
Serndhu Polama	Tamil	romance	Anil Kumar	The movie starts of with Kumaran (Thambi Ramiah) telling his wife that he is going to a temple. Actually he spend 2 days of each month with women he meets on the internet. His old fashioned Hep wife doesn't suspect anything. while he is driving he finds Abishek(Vinay) unconscious on the road. Abishek then tells his story to Kumaran on how he ended up on the road. Abishek is a disheveled photographer who meets up with his friend who is a florist. There, he sees Julie(Preethi Christina) who is shopping and is in a hurry. She asks Abishek to drive her around for the day for 500 dollars. He agrees and borrows his friends car for the day. At the end of the day, Julie invites him, a man she has no clue about, into her house and asks him to make coffee. While he is making coffee, she gets dressed and asks him to zip her dress up for her. It is revealed that Julie wants to be a model for the Vogue magazine and she was meant to be meeting a famous fashion photographer for an opportunity. She then instructs Abishek to drive to the photographer's house. Once they reach their destination, Abishek reveals that he is the well known photographer she was going to see. They fall in love. A montage song shows them travelling together all over New Zealand. Julie's parents find out and as they don't approve of their relationship, they decide to get her married by force. Meanwhile, Abishek's childhood friend Sherin sees a picture in an art gallery and tells the manager about abishek, his friends, her childhood. Sherin spots a heartbroken Abishek drunk in a bar and escorts him to a hotel. There are some awkward circumstances between them but Abishek tells her full story once he is sober. Sherin talks about her dead brother murder that happened in their secret place and pretends to help Abishek get Julie back. However, Sherin is convinced that Abishek murdered her brother because he was the last person to see him at the secret place and wants to avenge him. The story cuts back to the present day where Kumaran is seen together in bed with a woman and leaves hurriedly when her husband returns. Sherin and Abishek try to find Julie but they are in no hurry. then Sherin meets Julie and tells Abishek to forget her.
Idhaya Thirudan	Tamil	romance	Saran	Deepika (Kamna Jethmalani) can't bear with the control her mother Sudha Rani (Vani Viswanath) imposes on her life. In order to make her mother angry, she uploads some hot, sexy pictures of herself and emails them to a fictitious name, T. Mahesh. However, there seems to exist a T. Mahesh (Jayam Ravi) who is a catering student. The more Deepika and Mahesh run into each other, Mahesh starts following Deepika wherever she goes. Mayilravanan (Prakash Raj) is a policeman who wants to marry Deepika. In hopes of creating a distance between Deepika and Mahesh, Mayilravanan seeks a relationship with Deepika's mother. The relationship between Deepika and Mahesh grow into love as they both try to separate Mayilravanan and Deepika's mother in hopes of setting life to how it originally was.Akash B.N from BSF was deepika old lover.
Sawan Ko Aane Do	Bollywood	romance	Kanak Mishra	The movie captures the very heart of rural India. The story is quite simple like most Rajshri production movies. The plot starts off with Chandramukhi, the city educated daughter of the village zamindar arriving at Ramnagar, a typical village. There, she meets her childhood friend Birju, aka Brij Mohan. He has a lovely voice and she encourages him to pursue singing. His brothers love him very much and he is often excused for not working, but his sisters in law hate him for it. He has a young niece who likes him a lot. Eventually, Brij and Chandramukhi fall in love. But Chandramukhi's father cuts it abruptly and sends her to Lucknow. A short while later, Brij arrives at Lucknow. Gitanjali, who happens to be Chandramukhi's friend is thrilled by his voice and helps him get a job at Aakashvani through her father. Brij returns to Ramnagar to ask Chandramukhi's hand in marriage, but is once again rebuked. By this time, her family has lost its wealth in a court case and she becomes a teacher at the local school. He returns and goes on to become a great singer in Mumbai with Gita by his side. Always, he yearns for Chandra as she yearns for him. How he manages to marry her forms the rest of the story.
Jeremy	American	romance	Arthur Barron	Jeremy Jones (Benson) is a shy, bespectacled Jewish fifteen-year-old living in a New York City apartment with his parents, who are busy with their own pursuits and leave him mostly on his own. He attends a private high school that focuses on the performing arts, where he is a serious student of cello who aspires to musical greatness. He has an after-school job as a dog walker. His other interests include reading poetry, playing chess and basketball, and following horse racing, where he can consistently pick winners, though he never places a bet himself. At school, he enters an empty classroom looking for chalk, sees a girl (O'Connor) inside practicing ballet, and is instantly smitten with her beauty. They talk briefly, but he is flustered and completely forgets to ask her name. He later finds out she is a new student named Susan Rollins, and that she is older than him and in a higher grade. Jeremy follows her from a distance for a few days, but is too shy to approach her, so his more confident friend Ralph takes matters into his own hands and explains the situation to her, and she sends the message back to Jeremy that he should call her. However, Jeremy decides not to call after seeing her walking with a handsome older boy. Shortly afterwards, Susan attends a school recital where Jeremy plays the cello as a featured soloist. She is impressed by his playing and congratulates him afterwards, motivating him to finally call her and ask her out. On their first date, Jeremy finds out that Susan's mother is dead, and that she and her father just moved to New York from Detroit so her father could take a new job. Susan and Jeremy enjoy each other's company and they begin walking to school together every day, visiting places such as the park and racetrack, and generally spending a lot of time together for the next three weeks. Jeremy confides to Ralph that he is falling in love. One rainy afternoon while playing chess in Jeremy's room, Susan and Jeremy profess their love for each other and then make love for the first time. Susan then returns home, only to find that her father has been offered a better job back in Detroit, so they will be leaving New York immediately, within the next couple of days. Susan tries to explain to her father that she is in love with Jeremy, but her father doesn't take it seriously because he thinks that the three weeks and four days that Susan and Jeremy have been seeing each other is not long enough to form a deep relationship. The next day a tearful Susan tells Jeremy the news and he is likewise stunned. He tries to reach out to both his father and Ralph to talk with them about his feelings, but neither one is receptive. In the end, Susan and Jeremy sadly say goodbye at the airport and she departs, leaving Jeremy alone again.
Endukante... Premanta!	Telugu	romance	A. Karunakaran	The film begins with Vizag/Chennai (in Tamil version) being shown in 1980 in which a ladies college bus makes its scheduled bus stop. Krishna (Ram), standing at the bus stop, keeps looking at Srinidhi (Tamannaah), whom he loves, but doesn't express it. He has been doing that for the last three years but without any response from her. Srinidhi also likes Krishna, but does not reveal it, as she fears by doing so, she may put her family in trouble. On the last day of the college, Krishna decides to propose to her. So he disguises himself in a 'burqa' and boards the bus. However, the bus conductor recognises him and forces the bus driver to stop the bus. However, before he could stop it, the bus gets involved in an accident. Krishna saves Srinidhi from the mishap, but is killed in the process. Shocked about Krishna's death, Srinidhi dies at the grave of Krishna. The film moves to 2012 in Paris, where Sravanthi (Tamannah), daughter of the Indian Ambassador to France (Suman) and a medical student, is leading a stifling life due to her father's security around her. She wants to break away from this life and live with freedom. She fantasizes an unidentified person in her dream every day, falls for him and she promises her friends to marry him if her dream comes true, whoever he may be. One day, when her father had to leave the country due to his professional commitments, she stealthily escapes from her home and goes on a tour of the whole country side with her friends and is able to free herself at last from the security around her. Ram (Ram) is a happy-go-lucky guy who is a headache to his father (Sayaji Shinde) as he does not take life seriously. So his father tricks him and sends him to Paris for a job, which he arranges through his friend (Nagineedu) without the knowledge of Ram. One day Ram sees Sravanthi standing on a railing of the bridge over a river and forces her to get down. They soon get acquainted and friendship blossoms between them. Meanwhile, Sravanthi's father is worried that she has not returned since he left and asks his Chief Security Officer DK (Richard Rishi) to find her. Sravanthi and Ram both want to leave for India. Ram gets his passport by bluffing Sravanthi's father. However, at the airport, he is not able to find Sravanthi and leaves for India alone. After reaching India, he finds Sravanthi to his surprise at the airport. She tells him to meet a specific doctor in a specific hospital and disappears. On meeting the doctor, he finds Sravanthi in the hospital ICU. Sravanthi reveals that Ram has been talking to the soul of Sravanthi. She went into a coma after an accident which was a part of conspiracy hatched by DK and his agent in India (Kona Venkat). Only Ram can see and hear her, owing to their previous lives. Ram protects Sravanthi's body when he notices that any harm to her body will harm the soul, by taking her to his aunt (Anu Hassan)'s hospital. His aunt tells him that she can survive and come out of coma if and only if a German medicine is given three doses at exactly the same time (every 48 hours) but at different periods. She goes to a very powerful person who can sense beneath the lives and asks him why only Ram can see Sravanthi. The person tells her it is the will of god and after she goes from there he replies to his student that this is happening because Ram and Sravanthi's love failed since the past 6 lives and it wants to fulfil itself in this last life. First dose is given to Sravanthi's body without much of a problem. Meanwhile, DK tries to kill Sravanthi by having her body kidnapped, but Ram is able to rescue her body and give the second dose. In the end, DK gets hold of Ram when he goes to get the last dose of medicine. After a fight, Sravanthi is given the third and last dose but DK removes the oxygen cylinder and its supply to Sravanthi. He somehow saves her and she recovers, but fails to recognise Ram. Sravanthi's father arrives at the very moment and gets Ram arrested for cheating him. But he later apologies to Ram after learning of the risk he faced to save his daughter, and gets ready to leave Paris that night with Sravanthi. Their car tyre gets punctured and meanwhile, Sravanthi sees the same location she witnesses in her dream and also sees a person kicking a coke tin which hits her. When she goes towards him to see him, the person is none other than Ram. Sravanthi is surprised to this and when she touches Ram's hand she recollects everything that happened between them this life even in her soul form and expresses her love by hugging him. At last they both get married.
Silsila Hai Pyar Ka	Bollywood	romance	Shrabrani Deodar	Vanshika Mathur (Karishma Kapoor), an orphan who lives with her aunt (Aruna Irani), is a simple middle-class girl desperately in search of a job. Eventually she gets a job with Mr. Sinha (Alok Nath), a very successful businessman. Mr. Sinha is a widower who has a son Abhay (Chandrachur Singh). Abhay has grown up with his maternal uncle, Rakesh (Shakti Kapoor), a four-time divorce, whose motto is Stay unmarried and lead a Bohemian lifestyle. Abhay is strongly influenced by his uncle and has grown into a flamboyant, arrogant, spoilt brat who has never put in a day's work at the family business. Mr. Sinha is obviously perturbed to the point of distress by the lifestyle his son leads - partying all night and sleeping through the day. He is determined to get his son back on the right track. In order to get Abhay into the office, he entices him with the idea of a young female secretary. He succeeds. Abhay meets Vanshika at the office. He is disgusted. She is flustered, but hopelessly in love. The rest of the film is a roller-coaster ride - a clash of the value system of the idealistic Vanshika and the non-existent morals of the wayward Abhay. But there are some unexpected twists, strange encounters (with Jabbar Khashogi-Danny Denzongpa) and unusual events courtesy of Johnny Lever on this exciting ride. Will Vanshika win Abhay over? Yet again, will love triumph against all odds?
Cinderella	American	romance	Kenneth Branagh	After losing her mother at a young age, Ella promises to follow her mother's dying wishes: to have courage and be kind. Some years later, Ella's father remarries Lady Tremaine, the widow of an old acquaintance, who has two daughters of her own, Drisella and Anastasia. Ella welcomes her new stepfamily, despite the stepsisters' unpleasant attitudes. When Ella's father goes abroad for business, Lady Tremaine slowly reveals her cruel and jealous nature, as she pushes Ella to give up her bedroom to the stepsisters for the attic. When Ella's father unexpectedly dies during the trip, Lady Tremaine dismisses the household to save money and forces all of the chores on Ella. One morning, when her stepfamily see Ella's face covered in cinders due to her sleeping by the fireplace for warmth, they mock Ella as Cinderella and forbid her from eating with them. Crushed by their cruelty, Ella rides off into the woods, where she meets Kit, the crown prince, posing as a palace apprentice, along with his hunting party. Though Ella is unaware of Kit's true identity, they both take a liking to each other. The two part without Kit learning Ella's name. The King, upon learning he has little time left to live, urges Kit that, for the advantage of the kingdom, he should take a princess for his bride at the upcoming royal ball. Kit persuades his father to also invite every eligible maiden in the kingdom to the ball, hoping to see Ella again. Upon receiving notice of the ball, Ella finds a gown that had once belonged to her late mother and decides to refashion it for the ball. On the night of the ball, Ella tries to join her stepfamily, but Lady Tremaine and her daughters tear her dress to shreds and leave without her. Ella runs into the garden in tears and meets an old beggar woman, who reveals herself to be her Fairy Godmother. To help Ella attend the ball, her Fairy Godmother magically transforms a pumpkin into a golden carriage, her four mice into white horses, two lizards into footmen, and a goose into the coachman. She then transforms Ella's ripped dress into a gorgeous blue gown, complete with a pair of magical glass slippers. As Ella leaves for the ball, the Fairy Godmother warns her the spell will break at the last stroke of midnight. Finally, she casts a spell to keep Ella's stepmother and stepsisters from recognizing her. At the ball, the entire court is entranced by Ella when she appears. Ella and Kit proceed to have their first dance. This is much to the chagrin of the Grand Duke, who has promised Kit to Princess Chelina of Zaragoza, a comment which Lady Tremaine overhears. While surprised at Kit's true identity, Ella continues to bond with him, touring the palace grounds. As Ella is about to tell Kit her name, Ella hears the clock start to chime midnight and flees. As she flees the castle, one of her slippers falls off. After being pursued by the Grand Duke and his men, Ella manages to escape home before the final stroke of midnight chimes, causing the spell to wear off. After returning home, Ella hides the remaining glass slipper left behind under the floorboards of her bedroom. The King passes away soon after, but not before giving his son permission to marry Ella. Now King, Kit issues a royal proclamation ordering every maiden in the kingdom to try on the slipper in an effort to find the girl. Ella hurries to retrieve the glass slipper to prove her identity, only to find her stepmother holding it. Having deduced that Ella is the mystery princess, Lady Tremaine tells her stepdaughter about her own tragic past and of the bitter effects it has caused on her life. She blackmails Ella to be made head of the royal household and that respectable husbands are found for the stepsisters, as conditions in order to give Ella's hand in marriage to Kit. When Ella refuses to meet her demands, Lady Tremaine smashes the slipper and locks Ella in the attic. Lady Tremaine then takes the shattered remains of the slipper to the Grand Duke, and has him agree to make her a countess and securing marriages for her daughters, in exchange for keeping Ella hidden. The Grand Duke and the captain of the palace guards lead the mission to find the mystery princess, but the slipper refuses to fit any other maiden. When they arrive at the Tremaine estate, the shoe fits neither of the stepsisters. As they turn to leave, Ella's singing of Lavender's Blue is heard. The Grand Duke tries to ignore this, but Kit, disguised as a guard, commands the captain to investigate. Dismissing Lady Tremaine's attempts to stop her, Ella is reunited with Kit. They leave the house as Ella offers forgiveness to her stepmother. Afterward, the Fairy Godmother states that Ella's stepfamily and the Grand Duke are exiled from the kingdom, never to return. Ella and Kit marry and eventually grow to become the land's most beloved monarchs, ruling with the same courage and kindness that Ella has promised her mother, living happily ever after.
Romance	American	romance	Clarence Brown	On New Year's Eve, Harry (Elliott Nugent) tells his grandfather (Gavin Gordon), a bishop, that he intends to marry an actress, even though that is frowned upon by his social class. However, his grandfather recounts via flashback a cautionary tale of a great love affair with a fallen women during his own youth. When he was 28 years old, Tom Armstrong, the son of an aristocratic family and the rector of St. Giles, meets the famous Italian opera star Rita Cavallini (Greta Garbo) at an evening party given by Cornelius Van Tuyl (Lewis Stone). Tom falls in love with Rita even though there are rumors that she is Van Tuyl's mistress. Tom's family disapproves of Rita but he continues to pursue her until he discovers that she had been lying to him about the true nature of her relationship with Van Tuyl. Though he forgives and loves her, their different lives and different social class make an engagement untenable. Ultimately, the old bishop later married Harry's grandmother and counsels Harry to marry the woman he loves regardless of the consequences.
Ammayi Bagundi	Telugu	romance	Bala Sekharan	Siva (Sivaji) is a modern guy who falls in love with a beautiful girl(Meera Jasmine) he saw at a bus stop but at the same time he goes to see a girl chosen by his parents for him. Luckily he finds the same girl he saw on the road as the bride-to-be. He happily agrees for the wedding. He immediately accepts to marry her. When he moves to settle in true marital bliss, the girl he had fallen in love moves near his house. He realizes that there exist two girls with the same face. Moreover, he comes to know that tastes of his wife are exactly opposite to that of the girl he imagined and had fallen in love at first sight. He becomes friend of the other girl but finally understands that he loves his wife.
Poo	Tamil	romance	Sasi	The film is set in a village named Kongankulam (Close to Alangulam), located between Rajapalayam and Sivakasi in southern Tamil Nadu. It entails two different dreams of two different people for one person. The film begins showing Maari (Parvathy) happily married to her husband (Inigo Prabhakaran), a small shop owner. She leads an uncomplaining life with a smile on her face at all shades of events which fascinates even her husband. One day, she leaves alone to her village festival with the permission of her husband, who promises that he will follow her there after his business for the day has finished. When her mother asks why Maari came alone, she answers that she came early in order to see her cousin Thangarasu (Srikanth), much to her mother's dismay. On her way to see Thangarasu, she begins to reminisce of her past that includes her bold proclamation of her aim to be Thangarasu's wife from her school days - a time when they used to play together - that develops into her shy, unrequited yearning for him in her teenage years - a time when Thangarasu is an engineering student while Maari works as a labourer in her village's fireworks company along with her best friend Cheeni (Inbanila), a practical girl who at first advises Maari to be realistic, but later seeing her passion for Thangarasu helps her out in many ways as she could. By that time, everyone in her village knows about her ardent love for Thangarasu except for him. After many attempts, she fails at trying to confess her love to him or to even talk to him openly without feeling shy while he is away in city or in her village. However, Thanagarasu comes to realise her love after many incidents where people he knows tells him of this. At the same time, the film shows Thangarasu's father (Ram) working as a cart driver and carrying labourer. He expects respect for his age from his young bosses and colleagues, but due to an unpleasant incident he presumably thinks that being rich and owning modern items such as a car only will bring him respect. He takes pride in the fact that his son is studying to be an engineer and dreams of big things about him. But, Thangarasu breaks his castle in the sky by saying that once he starts working, unless he joins a renowned company, his salary will be merely Rs.6000, not as large as Rs 35000 as software engineers earn as he is just a mechanical engineer. This shatters the dreams of Thangarasu's father who then resorts to alcohol and deems that he will never achieve the respect that he yearns. Thangarasu's father is against the idea of Thangarasu marrying Maari as he believes that one cannot live happily and with respect just alone with higher education, but with money. Thangarasu, though initially after coming to know of Maari's faithful passion begins to reciprocate her feelings, but after finding out that the son of his best friend who had married his cousin had birth defections, he finds it not a good idea to marry someone in related by blood. Therefore, heartbreakingly agreeing to marry the proposed daughter of someone from a wealthy family that his dad approves of, thus choosing the dream of his father. Maari too agrees to marry someone else on a condition that her mother and brother must attend Thangarasu's wedding as they initially refused to go after discovering that Thangarasu will not wed Maari. Maari happily marries while wishing that Thangarasu and his wife to become successful and Thangarasu to be happy just as she will try to be with her husband. Current day sees Maari entering Thangarasu's house and sees a car parked outside and also Thangarasu talking to someone on mobile about business related matters. Seeing her come, he directs her to go inside. She comes into the house and sees it decorated with latest modern devices. But nothing made her happier than seeing Thangarasu's wedding photo hung on the wall. She sees Thangarasu's wife in the backyard sitting on a chair reading a novel. She goes up to her and talks. Initially nice, his wife sneers later at the question of possible pregnancy making Maari shocked. She later witnesses in a hidden place, that Thangarasu's wife treats him badly and shames him for marrying her shamelessly, a rich woman, when he himself is poor. Though, begging his wife to stop shouting, in fear that Maari may hear and knowing that she still lives for him and hearing this will terribly traumatize her, he sees that she is hiding listening to all this with tears in her eyes. He then goes away with shattered heart to his room while Maari runs away and meets Thangarasu's father outside, who heeds to the situation seeing his arrogant daughter-in-law outside and his crying son inside, is also heartbroken. He explains to Maari saying that we both had a dream that we wanted, but I did not stop to hear the dream of that girl, by this indirectly quoting that had he, Thangarasu would not be in this unhappy marriage right now. Maari flees from the scene and departs with her belonging back on the way she came just as her husband touches his feet into the village. He discovers his Maari too shocked to understand what had happened sitting on a tree stump emotionless. Upon hearing no answers from Maari for why she is here and not at her home, he shakes her and she starts wailing out loud, showing that her seemingly happy life led with her husband was all in hope that Thangarasu was also leading a happy life. But since he is not, it seems that she will lament for the rest of her life knowing the sadness and pain of her lover whom she cannot console.
Going Steady	American	romance	Fred F. Sears	Julie Ann Turner, 17, wants to travel by car with friends Olive and Woody from her Pasadena, California home to Reno, Nevada, where her boyfriend Calvin Potter will be participating in a basketball game. Her mom Grace talks her opposed dad Gordon into letting her go. Calvin makes a game-winning shot. Everyone celebrates afterward, and Julie Ann, in her excitement, suggests to Calvin that they elope, just as her Aunt Lola did at that age. Calvin agrees, but they decide to keep the wedding secret for a while when they get home. As time goes by, Julie Ann asks friend Olive to accompany her to see an obstetrician. Rumor spreads that Olive is expecting a baby, so Julie Ann admits it's actually her. When the news is broken to her parents, it comes as news to Calvin, too. He moves in with the Turners, accepted by mother-in-law Grace but infuriating father-in-law Gordon, whose demand that the marriage be annulled is rejected with Julie being pregnant. Calvin quarrels with his bride and reluctantly takes a job in her dad's hardware store. Aunt Lola arrives in time for Julie Ann's graduation day and turns out to be helpful as Grace finally persuades Gordon to give the kids his blessing in beginning their new lives.
Nishchaiy	Bollywood	romance	Esmayeel Shroff	Ravi Yadav (Vinod Khanna) is the servant of Manohar Singh (Rajiv Verma). He has a younger brother, Rohan Yadav (Salman Khan), whom he wishes to see as a successful and good lawyer. Manohar's wife starts to teach Ravi English so he can get a good job when he goes to Mumbai and that he can afford Rohan's school and college expenses, but Manohar feels insecure and plans to jail Ravi. Ravi is falsely accused of raping his lover, Parvati, and sentenced to 12 years in prison because the real rapist killed Parvati and then told the court that Ravi has raped her. Manohar's wife Renuka (Moushumi Chatterjee) assures Ravi that she will help Rohan in becoming a lawyer. 12 years later, when Ravi comes out of prison, Rohan's whereabouts are unknown. Rohan, in the meantime, has been adopted by famous lawyer Gujral (Saeed Jaffrey), and his wife Yashoda (Reema Lagoo), and is now known as Vasudev Gujral, a lawyer by profession. Vasudev falls in love with Payal Singh (Karisma Kapoor), who happens to be Manohar's daughter. Ravi finds out that Renuka is alive, but her memory is diminished after Manohar tried to kill her. Manohar is unaware of Renuka being alive. He starts medical treatment for Renuka. To earn the needed money, he accepts a contract to kill Vasudev Gujral, because he is told that Vasu has raped and then killed a women and by killing Vasu he is helping the women's mother in revenge, little knowing that he is about to kill his own innocent long-separated brother. When he enters Vasudev's room he sees a picture and gets to know that Vasu is Rohan. He returns, but Vasu catches him and starts beating him, and Ravi is arrested. In the police station, Renuka comes rushing because her memory has returned. Everyone gets to know about what happened and Payal is reunited with her mother, whom she was told had died. Payal goes to her house to confront her father, Manohar. Manohar traps her own daughter. Then comes some action. Ravi is shot by Manohar, Renuka wants to kill Manohar, but Ravi who is taking his last breaths tells her not to. Ravi dies and the story ends.
Life Is Beautiful	Telugu	romance	Sekhar Kammula	Srinu (Abhijeet Duddala) is a college student who has two sisters, Satya (Rashmi Shastry) and Chinni (Kavya). Srinu’s widowed mother (Amala) asks her children to move to their uncle’s house in Hyderabad as she got a job transfer. Amma promises to Chinni that she will return in exactly one year. The area in which Srinu’s uncle lives is divided into two areas: the luxurious Gold-phase and the lower class B-phase. Srinu’s uncle lives in B-phase along with Srinu’s Aunt, brother-in-law and sister-in-law, grandfather and grandmother. B-phase is filled with love and humble people including Nagaraj (Sudhakar Komakula), the B-phase “gang” leader, Abhi (Kaushik Darbha), the small-sized geek, Lakshmi (Zara Shah), who is new to B-phase, and Paddu (Gurshagun Kaur), who is also Srinu’s 2nd-cousin. Paddu’s parents, however, are wealthy and her mother (Surekha Vani) is arrogant. Nagaraj’s father is frustrated with his son as he has no job and always roams around B-phase. Gold-phase is filled with arrogant rich people who have no compassion towards the lower class B-phase. Some of them are Rakesh (Naveen Polisetty), Gold-phase “gang” leader, short tempered Suresh (Sanjeev), and Ajay (Vijay Devarakonda). Paru (Shriya Saran), the belle and Suresh’s girlfriend, is also part of Gold-phase, but unlike her neighbors, she is sympathetic towards B-phase. Srinu soon faces the Gold-phase rogues and gets into a brawl with them. At this juncture, it is revealed that Abhi is attracted to Paru, which angers Suresh. Chinni and her grandfather are insulted when a prestigious private school denies Chinni admission, citing her inability to speak English. Her grandfather challenges the school officials and motivates Chinni to learn English. Over time, Srinu and Paddu get close while Nagaraj tries to get close to Lakshmi. Meanwhile, Maya madam (Anjala Zaveri), the B-phase belle, is being harassed by an anonymous caller. Srinu, Nagaraj, and Abhi find out who he is and catch him. After Maya madam beats the caller, he reveals that he is from Gold-phase. At this juncture, Maya madam thanks the boys and acquaints with them. Meanwhile, the caller brings the Gold-phase gang along and a fight starts, which Maya madam breaks up. Annoyed with Maya madam, the Gold-phase gang tries to get pictures of her in the bathroom with a camera fitted toy drone but fail to do so. However, while fiddling around with it, they discover Srinu’s brother-in-law, Ashok, and Rakesh’s sister, Sony (Srimukhi), together. They confront the B-phase gang about it and warn them to get Ashok to back-off. However, Ashok brings Sony to his house, intending to marry her. The next morning, Rakesh, his father, and the Gold-phase gang come with the police to Ashok’s house to have Ashok arrested. But Srinu’s uncle (Ashok’s father), who is a lawyer, settles the matter citing Sony’s consent. Despite the struggle, Ashok’s and Sony’s marriage is conducted in a simple manner at Ashok’s house. From Gold-phase, only Paru shows up to the marriage reception and becomes acquainted with Abhi, which annoys Suresh. She also reveals that she is competing in the Miss India contest. At the reception, Ajay, who came with Suresh and Paru, sees Lakshmi and is immediately attracted to her. Ajay offers Lakshmi a job through Nagaraj, which she accepts as she needs money to pay for her engineering entrance exams. In order to provide a room for the married couple, Srinu is asked to move to Paddu’s family’s outhouse, which helps Srinu and Paddu spend more time together. Angry at Ashok’s and Sony’s marriage, Rakesh vows to retaliate. Meanwhile, the parents of Gold-phase rogues plan to usurp the local lake, which geographically belongs to B-phase, after finding out that B-phase people have been using the lake, which connects B-phase to Gold-phase, to sneak into Gold-phase. Rakesh starts retaliating by temporarily cutting power supply and water supply to B-phase. This only brings the B-phase families closer, as the families start sharing food and water and spend more time with each other. Meanwhile, Abhi’s dog wanders off into Gold-phase as it is attracted to Paru’s dog. The Gold-phase rogues trap Abhi’s dog and unleash their dogs onto Abhi’s dog. When Srinu and Abhi go to retrieve Abhi’s dog they are beaten up by the Gold-phase rogues. This again turns in B-phase’s favor when Paru visits Abhi to apologize. Paru also asks Abhi to teach her magic so that she can it show off as her talent at the Miss India prelims. Jealous over Paru’s closeness with Abhi, Suresh talks to Rakesh, who then starts his next revenge. Rakesh reveals to Paru’s parents about her closeness with Abhi. Eventually things get worse when one of Satya’s classmates, Manish (Charan Akula), makes a move on her and gives her a phone, seemingly planned by Rakesh. Ajay also starts moving closer with Lakshmi, which troubles Nagaraj. Chinni starts showing signs of missing her mother. When Gold-phase starts taking over the lake, B-phase manages to get a stay order through Srinu’s uncle. Following this, Srinu states that Gold-phase is harassing them only because they appear vulnerable. Srinu proposes that they compete in every way possible with Gold-phase and the friends decide that Paddu will participate in the Miss India prelims. Paddu’s mother, who is keeping a close watch over her after finding about her closeness with Srinu, initially refuses to let her participate but agrees when Paddu agrees to see prospective grooms. Srinu finds about this and, distraught, distances himself from Paddu, which troubles Paddu. Nagaraj is also frustrated that Ajay is moving closer to Lakshmi. He also attempts to learn English through Chinni. Paru invites Abhi to the beauty contest and during the journey, Paru and Abhi share each other’s feelings. The rest of the B-phase friends also go to the contest as Paddu’s guests. At the contest, Paddu feels overwhelmed and leaves the contest. She confides in Srinu that she is sad because he has been ignoring her and proposes to him, which he accepts. Paru inadvertently reveals her feelings for Abhi through one of her magic acts in front of everyone and goes on to win the prelims. While returning, Suresh and Rakesh confront Paru about her feelings for Abhi and state that rich should only use the poor and not acquaint with them. Disgusted, Paru leaves them and returns along with the B-phase friends. However, upon returning, Paru’s father asks her not to see Abhi anymore and she reluctantly obeys. Later, Nagaraj proposes to Lakshmi but she refuses saying that he is unambitious and irresponsible while she aspires to become an engineer. She again starts addressing Nagaraj formally in order to suppress his feelings for her. Dejected, Nagaraj confides in Srinu and Abhi. Abhi also explains that Paru has not been in contact for a while and convinces Srinu and Nagaraj to help him talk to Paru. That night the trio sneaks over to Gold-phase and Abhi manages to talk to Paru. She explains that she is not confident enough to spend a lifetime with him and is not ready to marry him. But when Abhi asks if her affection towards Abhi was just a Gold-phase plan to hurt Abhi, she slaps him, indicating that she truly loved him. Tensions between the two areas worsen on Lakshmi’s birthday when Ajay proposes to Lakshmi and accidentally hurts her when she refuses. Furious, Nagaraj starts to beat up Ajay when everyone in the Gold-phase gang and the B-phase gang get involved. The police arrive and break up the fight. Rakesh files an attempt to murder case on Nagaraj, Srinu, and Abhi and bribes the police. However, Maya madam comes to their rescue with Lakshmi and files an attempt to rape case on Ajay. The police convince Rakesh to drop the charges in order to keep everyone out of trouble. While returning home, Srinu inquires Lakshmi about Satya, who apparently said was going to Lakshmi’s birthday party. When Lakshmi denies any knowledge Srinu asks Paddu to check on Satya. Paddu confirms Satya is home safe. While a confused Srinu is talking to Paddu about why Satya would lie to him, Paddu’s mother discovers them and furiously throws Srinu out of her house. As Srinu returns to his uncle’s house, he finds Satya talking on the phone with Manish. The next morning, Srinu, along with Nagaraj, Abhi, and the rest of the B-phase gang, confront Manish and beat him up. Satya intervenes and sends Manish away. In a heated argument with Srinu, she confesses that she doesn’t want to continue her studies as she feels overwhelmed. After Abhi escorts Satya away, Srinu confides in his uncle about everything that has happened and decides to visit Amma to tell her about everything that’s been going on. Srinu, his uncle, Satya, Abhi, and Nagaraj leave in Nagaraj’s dad’s car to visit Amma. Srinu’s uncle takes them to a hospital where they find out that Amma has cancer. Doctors inform them that Amma stopped her treatment worried that the expenditure will eat into the money saved for her children’s studies but that the treatment could cure Amma. The group decides not to tell Amma of the events and leave after having an emotional talk with Amma. Upon returning, Srinu and Satya hide the truth from Chinni and focus on their education. Abhi’s love towards his mother grows and he lets her pinch his cheeks (which he actually hates). Nagaraj’s father, however, is angry that Nagaraj took his car without telling him, which has left him without any earnings (as he uses it as a taxi), and kicks Nagaraj out of the house, and gives him an ultimatum to return only if he finds a way of earning money. Nagaraj has always been interested in starting his own small business, which proves difficult as he can’t figure out what he should do and can do. Paddu’s and Srinu’s relationship seems to be falling apart as Srinu wants to focus more on his education and his sisters. Nagaraj also has been distancing himself from Lakshmi, which is difficult for her to cope with. Maya madam again comes to the aid and suggests that Nagaraj start his own cab service with the cars that her friend is selling, which cost Rs. 3 lakhs in total. Maya madam helps Nagaraj with Rs. 2 lakhs. Lakshmi talks to Nagaraj and tells him she is not happy without him and starts calling him informally again to rekindle their friendship. She also provides Nagaraj with the jewelry that her father has been saving up for her marriage, which is worth Rs. 1 lakh. Nagaraj successfully starts his cab service under the name of ‘Laxmi’, the only word he can spell in English. Having realized how much Nagaraj loves her, Lakshmi reciprocates his love. Abhi changes back into his old nerdy self, Lakshmi and Satya write their examinations well, and Srinu earns his degree and gets a job. When everything seems to be going well, doctors from Amma’s hospital call and inform that Amma’s condition is deteriorating and request Srinu to come immediately. Before leaving for the hospital, Srinu goes to Paddu’s house and asks her parents for her hand in marriage. Although Paddu’s mother refuses, Paddu speaks up and tells her that she wants to be with Srinu, which convinces Paddu’s father who lets her go with Srinu. Srinu, Paddu, Nagaraj, and Abhi go to the hospital, where Srinu informs Amma that he got a job and Satya wrote her exams well, and also introduces Paddu. Feeling confident that her children can settle down, Amma resumes her treatment. Chinni participates in an English-speaking competition against a student from the convent school where she was denied admission earlier, with judges and audience from both sides present. When Chinni is asked to tell about her mother in English, she speaks in English initially but has an emotional breakdown and continues to describe how much she loves her mother and how much she misses her now in Telugu, which moves everyone there to tears, including the judges from the convent school who decide Chinni win the competition. But Chinni, now that 1 year has passed, insists on seeing her mother who returns after successful treatment. Srinu feels nostalgic over the memories he earned through his time in B-phase. He meets with Rakesh and thanks him for troubling him, claiming that the Gold-phase harassment has given their lives completeness with both sweetness and spice. Rakesh thanks Srinu in return claiming that B-phase made him realize that wealth does not provide one with true happiness. Rakesh and Srinu shake each other’s hands. Nagaraj’s father hugs his son and welcomes him back. Paru visits Abhi and asks how he’s been doing, to which Abhi says that he is just happy because everyone else is happy. But when she asks if he has been missing her, Abhi gives a speechless look. With this, Paru leaves feeling happy for Abhi and B-phase. In the end, Chinni asks her mother do they really have to go back. Everyone asks the family to stay, to which the family agrees.
Ullasa Utsaha	Kannada	romance	Devaraja Palan	The protagonist (Ganesh) is an irresponsible young son of a garage owner (Rangayana Raghu). He falls in love with a girl (Yami Gautam) who stays in his locality and does everything possible to woo her. She is not in the least interested with him, rather thinks of him as a nuisance. She is in love with an old childhood friend she hasn't met since a long time, and has run away from a marriage arranged by her step mother to get her money. Many fights with the hero later, she eventually trusts him to take her to meet her childhood friend.
You Are My Sunshine	Chinese	romance	Yang Wenjun, Huang Bin	In their university days, Zhao Mosheng fell in love at first sight with law student He Yichen. Through various incidents where Mosheng stalked Yichen on campus, Mosheng's cheerful personality charmed Yichen, and they slowly became college sweethearts. When Yichen's foster sister Yimei challenged Mosheng for Yichen's attention, Mosheng turned directly to Yichen for clarification, but did not expect to receive a cold response from him. Mistaking that Yichen and Yimei are a couple, Mosheng followed her father's arrangements and moved to the United States to continue her studies. Seven years later, Mosheng - who is now a professional photographer - returns to China, and coincidentally bumps into the unforgettable Yichen. Since the seven years they broke up, many people stand in the way of these star-crossed lovers: foster-sister Yimei; Mosheng's marriage in United States; the unrelentingly infatuated ex-husband Ying Hui; as well as the financial grudges between the couple's fathers. All these situations continue to affect the two former lovers, but instead, these misunderstandings and challenges give them a better comprehension of the love they have missed over the past seven years.
Girl from Rio	British	romance	Christopher Monger	Raymond Woods, a junior manager in a bank in the City, is becoming increasingly bored of his life as it takes a downhill tumble. First he finds out that he has missed the promotion opportunity at work by his bad tempered and disapproving boss, Strothers, and then he catches his wife a couple of days before Christmas having an affair with Strothers. Touching down in Rio, he calls a cab to take him to a nice hotel. The cab driver, Paulo, takes him to a fairly run down hotel. Raymond insists he needs a much nicer hotel with a beach, while Paulo insists Raymond would not be able to afford such a hotel, but suddenly changes heart once Raymond shows him a large wad of cash. Paulo immediately befriends Raymond, with his eyes greedily on his cash as he owes money to the biggest Mafia leader in Rio. He insists that he is prepared to take Raymond wherever he needs to go and whatever he needs done can be done. Therefore, Paulo takes Raymond to the nicest hotel in Rio. Raymond trips up in a commotion at the door of the hotel, dropping his bag and spreading his cash all over the floor. Once he hastily shuffles it all away, the hotel clerks immediately show him to the Presidential suite. After a day of shopping and generous spending Raymond reveals to Paulo he has come to Rio to look for the famous samba dancer Orlinda. On Christmas Day, Orlinda visits Raymond to give him a present. Raymond is still angry at the fact that she has ended him up in this situation. She tells him that she wished the money was only a small portion of what he owned and it wouldn't matter that she took it, and tells Raymond he's a common crook. Leaving the safe after being ordered out, she tells Raymond not to give up hope. Raymond collects a large portion of the money and claims it is his. Orlinda then meets up with Paulo who takes his taxi and ties a rope to pull away at the bars of Raymond's prison. Raymond decides he should return the money to the bank, as he still has enough time to get back to England and return the money to the vaults without anybody noticing it had gone. He quickly buys a ticket back to London and hires a taxi driver to rush him back to the bank. However, when he arrives, the police are all over the building. About to rush in and explain to the police inspector, he discovers that over the Christmas period, somebody tunnelled into the vault and swiped the remainder of the money. Confused and relieved, Raymond leaves the bank, intending to return to Rio. Catching a taxi, when a couple leave, he recognises them as his wife and Strothers who have evidently just returned from their holiday in Tenerife. He tells his wife he'll leave her the address of where he's living in Rio to send the divorce papers, resigns from his job and goes back to Rio. He is next shown living with Orlinda and Paulo some years later with two babies and Bichero as his servant.
In the Meantime, Darling	American	romance	Otto Preminger	Due to limited wartime housing, Army lieutenant Danny Ferguson (Frank Latimore) and fiancée Maggie Preston (Jeanne Crain) must postpone their wedding until a room in the Craig Hotel, where married officers stationed at nearby Camp Fielding live with their wives, becomes available. When their accommodations are ready, Maggie arrives with her wealthy parents Henry and Vera (Eugene Pallette and Mary Nash), who are unhappy about the living conditions their daughter will be forced to endure. Initially Maggie is too happy to care, but once the newlywed is left alone during the day while her husband is on the base, she begins to become disenchanted with her surroundings and the lack of service her privileged background has groomed her to expect. Unaware of what is expected of her in her new capacity of army wife, Maggie quickly becomes an outcast among the other women. Not helping her situation is an obvious lack of any domestic skills that would allow her to assist in the daily routine at the hotel. Increasingly upset with her situation, she lashes out at hotel manager Mrs. Jerry Armstrong (Jane Randolph). Her mood softens when she learns Jerry's husband was killed in battle overseas and she has remained at the hotel to honor his memory. Maggie's attitude changes and she befriends some of the other wives, particularly Shirley (Gale Robbins), who is married to Danny's best friend Lt. Red Pianatowski (Stanley Prager). When Danny finds himself the target of snide remarks made by his fellow officers, he discovers Maggie asked her father to use his influence to keep his son-in-law based in the States instead of being shipped overseas. Infuriated by her interference, he angrily storms out of their room, and Maggie prepares to return to her parents in Philadelphia. When Danny returns with Philip, they discover a book about infant care Maggie had purchased to help her assist the expectant mothers, and he assumes she is pregnant. Rushing to the train station, he begs her to return. That night, at a dance honoring a visiting general, Red tells Shirley Maggie is expecting a baby. As Maggie tries to tell her husband the truth, he receives word his company is being sent overseas. Danny is disappointed to learn he is not going to be a father after all, but Maggie reassures him she will be anxious to start a family as soon as he returns. After Danny and Red ship out, Maggie and Shirley decide to find jobs in the defense industry and do what they can to support their husbands and the rest of the troops.
Heart Beat	American	romance	John Byrum	The film explores the love triangle of real-life characters Neal Cassady, Jack Kerouac, and Carolyn Cassady in the late 1950s and the 1960s. It chronicles Jack Kerouac writing his seminal novel On the Road, and its effect on their lives.
Thoda Tum Badlo Thoda Hum	Bollywood	romance	Esmayeel Shroff	Raju (played by Arya Babbar) and Rani (played by Shriya Saran) are neighbors and studying in same college. But they never settle on their differences and always fight. Rani keeps on making complains against Raju and hence his father (played by Kiran Karmarkar) scolds his son as good-for-nothing. However, both families have good relationship. Rani's father (played by Ashok Saraf) is a police commissioner and a good friend of Raju's father. The hatred between Raju and Rani takes an ugly turn when Rani slaps Raju during a college competition thus humiliating him. Rani's father is then transferred to Kodaikanal and as a friendly gesture, Raju along with his parents go to the railway station to bid adieu. Rani is surprised by this change in his behaviour and she too undergoes a change inside her heart towards Raju. The two after separating from each other realise how they actually are in love.
First Love Letter	Bollywood	romance	Shiva	First Love Letter is a Pahlaj Nihalani film in which Vivek Mushran and Manisha Koirala made their original debut in a romance and action scenario showing that love transcends all barriers. Since Subhash Ghai was introducing the stars in Saudagar (1991 film), Pahlaj Nihalani had to wait for the release of his film, which was completed before Saudagar. The story opens with Radha, Manisha Koirala wanting more from life than just being a rich heiress to her father Thakur Ajit Singh’s, Danny Denzongpa fortunes and wants to relocate from her home to the hilly locales of Palampur, where her father has a house. This is not liked by her father, but he has to relent due to the intervention of his younger brother Thakur Shrikant Singh, played by Dalip Tahil, who is living the life of a recluse after the murder of his lady love Kasturi. In the hilly locales, Radha is mesmerized one day to the melodies of a flute, which she follows and meets Shyam, Vivek Mushran, who also saves her life when she is about to fall in the deep gorges of the valleys. They meet again and slowly develop a bond of inseparable love, both being drawn to each other's youth and simplicity. Radha does not disclose her true identity, at first and when Shyam comes to know that she is the daughter of Thakur Ajit Singh, he feels cheated as he considers him to be a tyrant landlord. To top it, Thakur Ajit Singh also dislikes this growing intimacy between a local milk seller, which is the profession of Shyam and his only daughter. So he fixes the marriage of his daughter to Thakur Ambar Singh, Chunky Pandey. Meanwhile, Radha is attacked by seasoned killer Bheema, Gulshan Grover, who wants to molest her, but is timely saved by Thakur Ambar Singh, who also now falls in love with her. His mother Uma Devi, Sushma Seth makes him all the more happy when she tells him that Radha was the same girl that she has fixed his marriage with. This alliance when revealed to Radha by her father and mother Beena Banerjee, is rejected by her, but she is forcibly married to Thakur Ambar Singh. Radha on her part, leaves the marriage ceremony and tells Thakur Ambar Singh that she loved Shyam and had secretly married him. Thakur Ajit Singh now gets Shyam embroiled in a false police case and gets him imprisoned from where he jail breaks with none other than the killer Bheema. Bheema is hired as a contract killer by Thakur Ajit Singh to kill Shyam. What follows is a bloody encounter with Thakur Ambar Singh, Bheema, Radha and Shyam, where like a true Rajput, Thakur Ambar Singh wants to leave Radha for Shyam, seeing their love, and is horribly wounded in the prospect. The end sees Thakur Ajit Singh realizing his mistake of separating the true lovers and unites them in holy matrimony. The movie is an eye opener on teenage love.
Modala Sala	Kannada	romance	Purushottham C Somanathapura	The film is about two youngsters, both of whom are quite the ideal children. Imagine a girl who makes a guy wait hoping to get her parents to approve his proposal; or a guy who says, I’ve met the girl's parents, I see them in her eyes. These are the things most typical families dream of, as they plan their kids’ futures. The film has its funny moments and occasionally an overdose of sentimental scenes. The director has done a fairly decent job with the narrative and Yash impresses in his role as the lovelorn urban lad. His dancing skills deserve special mention — he’s easily one of the best in Sandalwood. New girl Bhama makes a decent debut, though Deepu, who has dubbed for her, deserves equal applause. Rangayana Raghu and Tara excel, and the film shows Raghu in a different light, as opposed to his over-the-top comical roles.
The Knot	Chinese	romance	Yin Li	They fell in love; Chen Qiushui was 20. Wang Biyun was 18. When Qiushui fled Taiwan after the 228 Massacre, Biyun gave him a gold engagement ring and they promised to meet again. Qiushui served as an army doctor during the Korean War, where he met Wang Jindi, a nurse from Shanghai who fell in love with him instantly. Years had gone by, Qiushui married Jindi and settled in Tibet. While in Taiwan, Biyun buried Qiushui's mother and continued to pray for his return. Flashback to modern time, Biyun is living in New York. Her niece played by Isabella Leong, a writer, has travelled to Tibet to find out what happened to Qiushui. Through the pictures she sends back via internet, Biyun finally gets to see the familiar face once again.
Tobuo Bhalobashi	Bangladeshi	romance	Montazur Rahman Akbar	Completing graduation, before taking the charge of the family business, A Sangram an honest and active protester against injustice goes to Gazipur at his friend's wedding party. At that party, he is introduced to a naughty girl Sunayana. He is in love with Sunayana but he doesn't propose to her for scaring of her father. One day when Sunayana's father became ill, Sangram has to go to bring some medicine while hartal is running that was called by a terrorist Lal. Sangram looks over the hartal, involves in conflict with terrorist Lal. Lal wants to pay back.
Tum Bin - Love Will Find a Way	Bollywood	romance	Anubhav Sinha	After Amar Shah's accidental death in India, Canada-based Shah Industries is on the verge of collapse. Pia, Amar's fiancée, is devastated, Girdhari, his dad, is in shock and unresponsive towards others while Amar's sister and grandmother are in mourning. Inspector D'mello who is investigating the case is determined to find the person responsible for the accident despite his superiors' indifference towards the case. Months after Amar's death, a highly respected and talented business worker named Shekhar Malhotra offers to re-build and restore Shah Industries without any compensation, stating Amar met him in India and offered him a job before his death. He is given the chance and goes about the uphill task of making the company viable again. Gradually, Shekhar heals the gaping wound left in the Shah family by Amar's death and they come to accept him as one of the family while he falls in love with Pia. What they don't know — except for Bosco, Shekhar's friend in Canada — is that it was Shekhar's jeep that accidentally had hit Amar after he swerved to avoid hitting an innocent girl who had walked into the road, causing his death. Ridden by guilt Shekhar came to Canada to confess, ask for forgiveness, and do whatever he can for the family. Abhigyan is a wealthy Canadian industrialist who meets Pia and realizes that she is the right woman for him. He is considering proposing to Pia and helping to rebuild Shah Industries. But Pia has fallen in love with Shekhar. Eventually, a conflict arises between Pia and Shekhar regarding a proposition made by Abhi to take over Shah Industries. Shekhar realizes that Pia does not need his help any more and decides to return to India. Pia stops Shekhar while he boards his flight and confesses her feelings for him. Shekhar denies his feelings and boards the plane. Devastated, Pia goes home and gets engaged to Abhi. At the airport arrives inspector D'mello (Manoj Pahwa), from India in search of the person who killed Amar, and arrests Shekhar. They wait, with Bosco, to board the next flight to India. Shekhar calls Pia and tells her how much he loves her and confesses that it was he who hit her fiancé. Being drunk, Shekhar meets with an accident. Pia feels guilty about falling for the man who caused Amar's death and confesses it to Girdhari, who surprises her by speaking for the first time after his son's death. He tells her that Shekhar had told him the truth when he first visited them and he believes Shekhar. Amar's family then makes Pia realize how much Shekhar has done for the family and that he is like Amar to them. Bosco informs them about Shekhar's accident. Abhi tells a skeptical Pia to go back to Shekhar as he is her true love. Meanwhile, D'mello who is in hospital with everyone, understands that the family needs Shekhar more than the law does and simply closes the case and leave. The movie ends with Shekhar recovering and uniting with Pia while Abhi is left devastated and is comforted by his uncle. [1]
Torrent	American	romance	Monta Bell	The wealthy matriarch Doña Bernarda Brull (Mattox) is irritated by her son Rafael's infatuation with the orange farmer's (Edward Connelly) daughter, Leonora (Garbo). She forbids him to see her, something that causes Leonora great heartache, to say nothing of her family's financial condition. Using the singing talent cultivated by her wannabe father Pedro, Leonora leaves her humble home to later become a sensation on the stages of Paris, as La Brunna, where nobleman and other rich gentleman express their approval of her talents. Meanwhile, back in their small Spanish town of Alcira, Valencia where Leonora's father has died, Doña Bernarda Brull's domineering influence has brought Rafael to the brink of being elected to office. She's also arranged for her son to marry the wealthy Remedios Matías (Gertrude Olmstead), the daughter of a rich hog farmer (Mack Swain). However, just before both of these events are realized, La Brunna returns to her humble beginnings to visit her mother Pepa (Lucy Beaumont) and barber friend Cupido (Lucien Littlefield). Incognito, she gives Rafael the impression that she is still poor, and nearly destitute. When the proud soon-to-be-elected official visits Cupido, Leonora reveals that she is the famous La Brunna. Naturally, he is irresistibly drawn to her, which though it doesn't keep his inevitable election from happening, it does threaten his marriage to Remedios ... that is until his mother intervenes once again. Some time after the flood (the torrent), though not on that particular night, Leonora and Rafael spend a night of passion together amidst the orange groves, Doña Bernarda Brull visits Pepa to tell her of the shame which has been brought upon her home. La Brunna returns to her life on the stage in Madrid while Rafael marries Remedios. Shortly afterwards however, Rafael follows his Leonara to declare his undying love for her once again, seemingly ready to throw away his life for her. She is thrilled and, with her maid (Lillian Leighton), packs her bags to await his return. Rafael's wise lawyer friend Don Andrés (Tully Marshall) intervenes on behalf of his mother and the community he serves to convince him to do otherwise, and Leonora is alone again. Years pass and a much-older-looking Rafael visits La Brunna, who doesn't appear to have aged since last they met. This time he is ready to leave his wife and children for her, but she is unwilling to be the cause of it. He returns to his home looking over his sleeping little ones while La Brunna completes another performance with adoring fans. In the end La Brunna sits alone forlornly thinking of love lost as the credits roll.
Yaariyan	Bollywood	romance	Divya Khosla Kumar	Living in a university campus set in Sikkim, Lakshya (Himansh Kohli) is the son of a martyred army officer but does not appreciate his father's sacrifice for the nation. Lakshya, Jiya (Nicole Faria) - a college bombshell, Saloni (Rakul Preet Singh) - a geek, Pardy - a drummer, and Neil - a biker, are five close friends who are exploring the best moments of their lives in college, experiencing different relationships yet living an aimless life. They come across a challenge when their college land has been bought by an Australian businessman who plans to build a casino instead but is ready to lease out the land to the college for 100 years only if they're able to defeat a team of Australian students in a five-round competition. For the first three rounds they are sent to Australia where Lakshya meets his best friend and cousin Debu. During the first round of rock concert, the Australian band steals Lakshya and his band's song, and on protest they brutally beat Debu. While Debu is rushed to hospital, Lakshya and the band perform a Hindi song, eventually losing the first round. Saloni then wins the second round which is a chess competition. Unable to recover from his injuries, Debu succumbs to death in the hospital. Disturbed by his death, Saloni and Neil lose the third round of bike race, giving Australia a 2-1 lead. The competition is then shifted to India with two more rounds to go. Lakshya discovers that Neil was the traitor who gave their song to the Australian band and intentionally lost the bike race motivated by a greed of getting an Australian immigration as promised by an Australian team member. Neil is now planning to lose the cycle race as well, but in order to fail his plan, Lakshya befriends Jannet (Evelyn Sharma) and makes Neil believe that the Australians are double crossing him. Neil realizes his fault and decides to win the race, but fatefully falls from stairs breaking his leg. Lakshya takes his place and beats Australia in round four leading to a tie between both teams. In the final round of rock climbing, a team member of both teams has to collect his respective country's flag from the hill top and race back to college in order to win the competition. After crossing all the hurdles, Lakshya manages to win the race and the college celebrates their victory. The story ends with Lakshya and Saloni, Jiya and Pardy getting together while Neil repents his deeds.
Mr. Imperium	American	romance	Don Hartman	In Italy in 1939, a European man calling himself Mr. Imperium (Ezio Pinza) uses a ruse to meet an attractive American woman, Frederica Brown (Lana Turner). He eventually is revealed to be Prince Alexis, an heir to the throne and a widower with a six-year-old son. He nicknames her Fredda, so she calls him Al. When his father becomes gravely ill, he must rush to be with him, but asks prime minister Bernand (Cedric Hardwicke) to deliver to Fredda a note of explanation. Bernand instead tells her the prince is gone for good, that this is his usual method of seducing and abandoning women. Twelve years go by. One day in Paris, a cinema's marquee makes it clear that Fredda Barlo is now a movie star. Fredda's former love travels to California, where film producer Paul Hunter (Barry Sullivan) is now in love with her and proposing marriage. Fredda decides to drive to Palm Springs to think about his proposal, as well as to decide which actor should co-star in her next film, about a girl who falls in love with a king. Mr. Imperium takes a room next to hers, and soon they meet and embrace. He explains the crisis that took place at home during the war and prevented him from looking for her. Now he wants a new life, and Fredda believes he could even portray a king in her film. Bernand turns up, however, to say that his son is preparing to ascend to the throne. Mr. Imperium realizes he is needed there, so he must say goodbye to the woman he loves once more.
Calendar	Malayalam	romance	Mahesh	Calendar is a beautifully made film. The story revolves around Thankom George ( Zarina Wahab),a college lecturer and her daughter Kochurani (Navya Nair). After her husband's death, she is a widowed single mother to her daughter. She brings her daughter up as a friend, sister,father. As time passes Thankom gets attached to Kochurani so much that she is reluctant to get her married. Sojappan ( Prithviraj) is a high school drop-out and neighbour to them. Sojappan and Kouchrani fall in love with each other, although Thankom doesn't approve of the relationship.But ultimately relents on the pre-condition that Sonjappan won't take Kochurani away from her and will stay with her.They are engaged to get married.But fate has something else in store for them.The movie should be watched as there is a kind of suspense involved. There is twist in the tale. Incidentally the story does not start with Thankom and Kochurani.
Ishq Vishk	Bollywood	romance	Ken Ghosh	Rajiv (Shahid Kapoor) wants to be one of the popular kids of his college. However, due to the lack of a girlfriend, Danny (Shabhi) and Javed (Kapil Jhaveri) mock him and his best friend Mambo. Javed and Danny plan a trip to Alibagh and invite Rajiv and Mambo only on condition that they come along with girls. Rajiv decides to ask Payal (Amrita Rao), his reserved childhood friend to become his girlfriend and tells her that he's in love with her. He does that only for the trip as he doesn't believe in love and serious relationships. Payal returns her feelings and agrees, as she has been in love with him since their school days. Both of them start spending time with each other and Rajiv gets to know that Payal really loves him. Then comes the time for the trip and by some persuasion, Payal is allowed by her father to go. Both of them accompany Danny, Javed and their girlfriends and stay at Danny's beach house; however, Rajiv's drink is laced by Danny and, being intoxicated, he behaves badly with Payal. Payal realizes that Rajiv doesn't love her and slaps him. After the midnight picnic incident,Danny and Javed's girlfriends try to clear misunderstanding by making Payal understand that Danny was the reason for Rajiv's misbehavior at drunken state,so Rajiv wasn't at fault. Rajiv doesn't accept her apology and asks her to kiss him in front of everyone. Payal refuses saying that she doesn't need to prove her love by doing such a cheap act.Their relationship falls apart and Rajiv challenges that he'll have the most beautiful girlfriend of the college. Rajiv's best friend Mambo(Vishal Malhotra),who was in support of Rajiv and Payal's friendly relation, does not like this and insists that he gets back with Payal. But Rajiv rebukes him. Soon after, Alisha Sahay (Shenaz Treasurywala), a stylish and beautiful girl, starts at Spencer College. Rajiv is smitten by her and manages to woo her with the help of his friend Love Guru (Yash Tonk). Meanwhile, Mambo and Payal become close,Mambo tries to cheer her up and be with her always. Payal still cares a lot for Rajiv and is silently hurt at seeing Alisha and Rajiv together. Nevertheless, she continues to talk to Rajiv and wish him a happy birthday. Rajiv is taken aback by the fact that it was Payal and not Alisha who bothered to wish him first, as Alisha is busy with her modelling shoot. Rajiv starts noticing that Payal and Mambo are coming close which irks him. Rajiv is surprised to find Payal at his birthday party in a pub. Payal gets emotional and tells him she now thinks that her views about love were wrong and that is why Rajiv is so happy with Alisha, something which was not with Payal. Mambo and Rajiv come to blows because of Payal, and Alisha slowly starts disliking Payal. The final straw is when Alisha sees Rajiv and Payal talking, and she learns from a mutual friend that they were together before she entered the college. She confronts Payal, behaves rudely with her, and accuses her of stealing her boyfriend. Mambo tries to defend Payal, and Alisha puts him off, which infuriates him. Rajiv and Mambo get into a fist fight. Alisha and Rajiv leave with everyone accusing him of fighting with his friends. At Alisha's flat, Rajiv is unable to think of anything else but how Payal loved him and he let her go, and how after their break up, she still cared for him, and the recent fight. Alisha gets insecure and keeps asking him to profess his love. He,imagining Alisha to be Payal, hugs her and says I love you, Payal. At the Farewell party of the college , Rajiv apologizes to Mambo with a thought that Mambo was planning to propose to Payal. He then realizes his mistake as Payal still loves him and Mambo was just being her friend. Rajiv tries to apologize to Payal but she doesn't listen to him. Rajiv then takes the mic and publicly apologizes to Payal. He tells her he loves her a lot, even though she might not believe him. Payal is still angry with him and tells him that doing a drama in front of everyone and proclaiming his love is not going to make her relent. Rajiv stands before her and gazes pleadingly into her eyes. Payal is convinced that Rajiv does love her and embraces him. Alisha comes there and finds Rajiv and Payal dancing on a slow tune. She apologizes to Payal for her behavior and wishes them good luck. The movie ends with Rajiv and Payal's dance.
Uyyala Jampala	Telugu	romance	Virinchi Varma	The whole film is narrated by the protagonist of the film Soori (Raj Tarun) who is running back to confess his love to his cousin Umadevi (Avika Gor). Soori and Umadevi quarrel since their childhood which starts from the time of the latter's birth itself. Umadevi is the daughter of Rangaraju (Ravi Varma), the younger brother of Soori's mother. Rangaraju, his family and his parents live in a mansion while Soori and his widowed mother (Anita Chowdary) live in a small house exactly beside the mansion in a modernized yet naturally scenic village called Konavaram. Soori deals in the business of cock-shit which is required for those who maintain fish ponds nearby the village. He has two friends Kodanda (Alluri Hanuma), a person nearly equal to a Google search engine when it comes to the day-to-day advances in Technology and day-to-day affairs in the Village and Vasu (Peela Gangadhar), a gullible person who always has a Be positive attitude in all the cases. Added to this, a local belle Sunitha (Punarnavi Bhupalam) is infatuated to Soori and she happens to be Umadevi's close friend. In order to tease Umadevi, Soori flirts Sunitha everyday and gets on Umadevi's nerves. Meanwhile Umadevi too falls in love with a techie Parthu (Shashank Srivatsavaya). When Soori observes her neglecting him and Sunitha and roaming around, he gets a suspicion and along with Vasu, he follows Umadevi one day and finds her in the company of Parthu. When Vasu and Soori follow him on their bike, they come to know that Parthu is a mechanic who works in the nearby town's Hero Motorcorp outlet. Soori calls Parthu and tells him that he wants to purchase the bike Parthu uses. After a test drive, Parthu is damaged severely as Soori trashes him. Later a wounded Parthu asks Umadevi to elope with him as Parthu's father is trying to arrange a marriage for him. When Umadevi expresses her fear, Parthu threatens her that he would die by swallowing sleeping tablets if she doesn't elope with him and she agrees. After packing her dresses, gifts presented by Parthu and her ornaments, Umadevi escapes from her house that night and boards a bus along with Parthu. Rangaraju creates havoc in his house and Soori finds out with the help of Sunitha that Umadevi is in Tuni, major town in East Godavari District. Immediately, Parthu and Umadevi get down from the bus and then Parthu's friends try to kidnap her while Parthu tries to snatch her ornaments. Soori comes there along with Kodanda and Vasu. He beats up Parthu and rescues Umadevi.Then Umadevi comes to know that all the while parthu was trapping her when Soori admits with a grin that the love letter written by Parthu for Uma is of hen's blood but not his own.Then Uma in a rage beats him in black n blue. Later umadevi stays up at soori 's house since her father is angry at her.During that period she learns from her aunt(suri's mother)about true love and realises that what suri does to her is true love because he pays for pani puri for uma ,he buys her a new phone,he stops her marriage with one of his friends as she requested him to do so and he took up all the blames.Later umadevi tells sunitha that suri loves her and not sunith a.As suri stopped uma 's marriage,her father got infuriated and asked him not to step into his house.Suri challenges him that he will find a perfect match for uma and he also did it.Uma's father was very much happy that suri arranged Uma's marriage with a businessman who is also uma and suri's childhood classmate who had much crush on uma.Uma and suri's mother are not interested in this marriage.Suri's mother shouts at him and said that he will miss uma only after her marriage which makes suri realise his feelings for umadevi.Further umadevi's actions make suri believe that she is also in love with him but he stays quiet.On the day before marriage uma thanks suri for all the beautiful memories he gave and for all the helps he did.She tearfully asks him not to come for the marriage and he does the same.Seeing this uma devi adds sleeping pills in the milk tearfully.Later suri decides to confess his feelings to uma as shown in the beginning of the movie.He sees uma running towards him who says that marriage has been stopped.He asks why and she says that she mixed pills in the milk and gave it to the groom hearing this suri laughs.She asks him why he was running towards house to which he says that he can't live without her.They both reconcile and romance.Later they got married with the consent of their parents and lived a happy life.
Ninnu Kori	Telugu	romance	Shiva Nirvana	On the day of her first wedding anniversary, Pallavi (Niveda Thomas), under the pretext of running errands for their party, travels to Los Angeles from her home in San Francisco without the knowledge of her husband Arun (Aadhi Pinisetty) to meet Uma (Nani), her former lover. One and a half years ago in Vizag, Pallavi is a student who wishes to make a recording of a dance performance so that she can show it to her family post marriage. However, a lack of natural talent forbids her from doing so. Uma Maheswara Rao, a young statistics student, is an orphan whose godfather Murthy (Tanikella Bharani), happens to be the principal of his institution. Uma wishes to pursue a PhD in his subject and settle in life. Pallavi happens to spot him dancing at a friend's wedding and requests him to teach her. Uma agrees seeing the large fee she offers as he is in need of money. He helps her, not only with her dancing, but also with other issues, including driving away a bully who torments her. Pallavi wins a dancing competition and the two realize they are in love with each other. Pallavi tactfully clears the penthouse her family owns so that Uma can stay in the same house as her. Uma starts giving tuition classes in the penthouse and earns the money he requires. When Pallavi's family starts looking for marriage alliances, she requests Uma to elope with her, and he reluctantly agrees. However, a chance encounter with Pallavi's father, Chandramouli (Murali Sharma), makes Uma realize that he is ineligible to marry her, and requests Pallavi to allow him to go to New Delhi and get a PhD, thereby securing a future for both of them. Pallavi allows him tearfully, and he leaves for Delhi. For the next few months, she continuously ignores Uma, who keeps trying to contact her. She is soon approached for marriage by Arun's family, and her family agrees. When Pallavi contacts Uma, she realizes that she is not ready to take the guilt if he blames her later on for the failure in his career, and unwillingly gets married to Arun. An year later, Pallavi is contacted by Prof. Murthy who informs her that Uma has gone into depression and is now an alcoholic. He is on the verge of being fired by his firm in Los Angeles and is ruining himself. Feeling responsible, Pallavi travels to meet Uma. Back in the present, Pallavi tells Uma that she is happily married to Arun and does not wish to go back with Uma. Uma objects saying she still loves him and is leading an unhappy life. Back in San Francisco, Pallavi tells Arun about her encounter and tells him they should call Uma to their house for 10 days so he can see how happy they are. She contacts Uma, who tells her that if he fails to see love between her and Arun, she would have to go away with him. Pallavi, initially hesitant, agrees. Uma lands in San Francisco, and immediately strikes an awkward relationship with Arun. He repetitively irks the couple and mocks their relationship, which annoys Pallavi. However, Arun's colleagues take a liking to Uma, whose pessimistic nature offends a few other people. This is soon disrupted when Chandramouli and his son-in-law, Lovababu (Prudhviraj), unexpectedly land in San Francisco. Uma is introduced as Arun's old classmate, and is made to promise Pallavi that he would not reveal his actual reason of being there. Chandramouli reveals to Uma that the daughter of his friend committed suicide after having been married off to a man she doesn't love instead of her lover. He had come to know on the wedding day that Pallavi had a lover from Kavita (Vidyullekha Raman), Pallavi's best friend. Doubting that Pallavi is unhappy with her marriage, he came to San Francisco to find her former lover so that he could get them married if she wanted. Uma, realising his advantage, indirectly begins to coax Chandramouli and Lovababu into finding the truth themselves. When Kavita is interrogated, she covers up with a fake story saying that the lover is married and Pallavi herself tells her father that she is happy. They all go for a trip to Santa Monica for Arun's business meeting. There Pallavi discovers that Arun is having an affair after seeing him hug another girl secretively in the parking lot. Chandramouli too finds out about Uma from a phone call with Arun's father and Kavita. Pallavi confronts Arun, who lies to her again, confirming to her his infidelity. She confides in Uma, who believes she now hates Arun and wishes to be with him instead. However, when Chandramouli tells Uma that he wishes to get Pallavi married to Uma a few days later, he tells Chandramouli about his encounter with Arun. Having been an introvert since childhood, Arun's first friend was Christie, who he met during his MBA. Her attitude towards him makes him feel he has found a best friend. She unexpectedly proposes to him one day, and he rejects her replying that he has never seen her in that way. He begins to avoid her and soon finds out she is now a drug addict, and has attempted suicide. His guilt persuaded him to allow Pallavi to call Uma, as he believed Uma too was heading in Christie's direction. Uma realizes that even though Pallavi can still be his, it is only right that she stays with Arun. He forces Chandramouli and stages a play where he himself looks like a negative person to Pallavi, and coaxes her into realizing Arun's honesty. Arun prepares to leave the house, believing Pallavi would be happy, but she does not allow him to do so, and they clear up their misunderstanding with Arun telling Pallavi that he loves only her. As they embrace at their reunion, Uma is heartbroken and walks out of the house, crying and shattered. An year later, he arrives in Vizag and meets Pallavi and Arun, who now have a daughter, and reveals he has come to meet a girl he met online, hoping to settle and get married.
Rab Ne Bana Di Jodi	Bollywood	romance	Aditya Chopra	Surinder Suri Sahni is a shy, introverted, and kind-hearted clerk-office employee for Punjab Power who falls in love at first sight with Taani, the extraverted daughter of his former Professor at her engagement, but is unable to express it. Her fiancé and his entire wedding entourage are killed in a road accident. The shocked Professor suffers a major cardiac arrest and is hospitalized. On his deathbed, fearing that Taani will be alone in the world, the dying Professor implores that Surinder marry her. Surinder silently concedes because he likes her anyway, while Taani agrees to fulfill her father's last wish. After an impromptu wedding, Surinder takes Taani to his ancestral home in Amritsar. While his good nature leads Surinder to treat her with exceptional care – he even lets her have his bedroom all to herself – he is too frightened to profess his love for her. Taani later tells him that she will try to be a good wife and thus respect her role in his life, but that she can never love him due to having no love left within her after the loss of her former fiance. Surinder, grateful for the increasing acts of wifely affection that Taani shows him, proceeds to indulge her wishes. These include regular evening trips to the cinema to see Bollywood movies which appeal to Taani's fantasies about romance and her passion for dancing. Few days later, Taani finds a dancing competition poster and asks for Surinder's permission to take part in it as it would help her unwind from her mundane life at home. He grants her request and provides the entry fee. During the evenings that Surinder and Taani spend at theaatres, Surinder realises it is the strong and masculine images of men that Taani admires, and later on, asks his friend, Balwinder Bobby Khosla, a hair-salon owner, for grooming advice that could help him win her love. Bobby gives him a complete makeover—which includes trimming off his mustache, changing his hairstyle to spiky, and fitting him out in a funky Western-style clothing, including aviator-style shades with oversize pastel lenses. Surinder is thus transformed into Raj, a name he borrows from the hero of a film that Taani admired. Raj goes to Taani's dancing competition venue to see her dance. Raj joins the competition and secretly requests the instructor to pair him with Taani, explaining his dire situation. At the end of that dance class, all participants are put into groups of two by random numbers given by the staff, and as planned, both Surinder and Taani have the number '21'. Despite Raj's initial over-the-top attempts to emulate the cool images given by heroes in films, after the first attempt of impressing Taani in that way, Taani refuses to be his partner telling 'Raj' that he can not dance well and that she will never win the competition if he continues this way. Raj responds by imploring her that he will improve, and tells her not to worry. She reluctantly agrees and they become friends, working together on their dance routine. Raj feels encouraged with Taani's guidance in special dance sequences, and Taani feels good to come out from the mundane home cooking-washing house wife routine. Finally, luckily and miraculously, they are both selected for the finals. It is at time, Raj can not control himself and declares his love for Taani. Taani is shocked, to say the least, and enters into a period of internal conflict. Surinder also faces a dilemma as he can not tell Taani that he is Suri, disguised as Raj. He thus attempts to win Taani's love as Surinder, an act which only alienates her further. He is disappointed that Taani cannot see his love for her as himself, only as 'Raj'. Later that night, Taani plans to elope with Raj. Surinder tells Bobby that he will end the charade in his own way, sacrificing his cravings for her love, leaving her his property and transferring himself to Delhi. On the day of the competition, Surinder takes Taani to the Golden Temple to gain God's blessings for her performance for that night and, internally, also for her life without 'Raj'. While there, Taani has a realisation in which she believes God has shown her a sign that her marriage to Surinder is divinely inspired. For the first time she reflects on her husband and becomes aware of the strength and integrity of Surinder's character, something which she can grow to love. Taani thus tells Raj on the night of the competition, that she cannot choose him over her husband. She leaves him in what appears to be a state of shock with tears in his eyes. When the time comes for their performance, Taani is stunned to see Surinder instead of Raj joining her on stage. While dancing Taani puts two and two together and through a series of flashbacks, she awakens to the fact that Surinder is in fact 'Raj'. Backstage, after their dance, she confronts Surinder, and when he confesses his love for her, she tearfully admits that she reciprocates his feelings. The two win the competition. The film ends with Surinder and Taani visiting Japan on their honeymoon.
Loving Couples	American	romance	Jack Smight	The plot offers a comic spin on adultery. When Greg crashes his sports car, doctor Evelyn comes to his rescue, and the two soon are engaged in an affair. Evelyn's workaholic husband learns about it from Greg's live-in girlfriend, scatterbrained television weather girl Stephanie, and the two begin to engage in a dalliance of their own. Complications arise when the two couples plan a clandestine weekend getaway at the same Acapulco resort.
Kiss the Bride	American	romance	Vanessa Parise	The story centers around a traditional Italian-American family and four daughters each having completely different personalities. Danni, one of the sisters, is about to be the first of the sisters to walk down the aisle. That is, if her three sisters won't stop it. Niki, Chrissy and Toni return home for the long overdue family reunion, which ultimately turns into a contest of who can one-up the other. Niki brings her Jewish boyfriend along, the lesbian Toni is accompanied by her biker girlfriend Amy, and Chrissy, who is too busy for a boyfriend, brings her brand new Porsche. The sisters reek of overachievement and insecurity and subconsciously long for the approval and love of their domineering father.
Mahulbonir Sereng	Bengali	romance	Sekhar Das	The story of Mahulbanir Sereng is a narrative revolving around the triangular love story of Aghore (Pijush Ganguly), with his wife Saheli (Chandrayee Ghosh) and Dr. Alaktak Roy (Silajit Majumder). Aghore is a police constable who works in a different place so he often stays out of hometown, in the mean time his wife Saheli gets closer with the new young doctor of their village. When Aghore came back, he get the news the Saheli is pregnant, he becomes very happy. But the all of villageman claims that the baby is the doctor's and not of Aghore's. Though Aghore tries to argue in favour of his wife and doctor but the village head calls 'Gira' by gram Panchayet (Judgement by 10 village heads). On the day of 'Gira' Saheli commits suicide and the narrator Damayanti (Roopa Ganguly) helps the doctor to run away. Another parallel story of Damayanti and Somesh Gomes (Sabyasachi Chakrabarty) goes side by side. Somesh is a social worker, the love interest of Damayanti who is the B.D.O. of that tribal area. Twelve years after this incident Damayanti comes back to the village of 'Mahulbani' and finds that besides many changes the beauty and simplicity of nature still exists.
Love	American	romance	Wesley Ruggles	A young woman, Natalie Storm (played by Glaum), works in a sweatshop and struggles to support her mother (played by Yorke) and little sister, Beatrice (played by Cartwright). Their mother dies and Beatrice suffers from poverty. Because of her circumstances, Natalie rejects the marriage proposal of Tom Chandler (played by Kirkwood), a self-educated mining engineer. He then leaves for South America, where he intends to make his fortune. To save her sister and herself, Natalie becomes the mistress of a wealthy Wall Street magnate, Alvin Dunning (played by Kilgour). When he publicly humiliates her, however, she becomes determined to free herself. Meanwhile, Chandler discovers a copper mine in South America and returns. He is invited to a party at Dunning's home. When he meets Natalie as Dunning's mistress he is heartbroken and abruptly leaves. Natalie is by now desperate to get away from Dunning. She then acquires enough money from a lucky stock tip to leave him. Dunning finds Natalie and attempts to force her to return to him. He is killed in a violent car accident and Natalie is severely injured. Upon opening her eyes after the crash, she sees Chandler standing over her. The couple is happily reconciled.
Mili	Bollywood	romance	Hrishikesh Mukherjee	Mili (Jaya Bhaduri) is a story about a girl who suffers from pernicious anemia, a disease considered untreatable during the period the film was produced. Her lively, inquisitive and cheerful demeanour spreads happiness in everyone's life. She becomes an inspiration to her new neighbour Shekhar (Amitabh Bachchan) who is a drunkard and always depressed. With her cheerful ways she changes Shekhar and he falls in love with her, unaware of her ailment. When he comes to know about it, he thinks of going away as he cannot bear to see her die. A reproach from a neighbour makes him reconsider his decision. As he loves the girl, he offers to marry her and take her abroad for her treatment. The film begins and ends with a scene of a jet aircraft taking off, ostensibly carrying the couple to Switzerland where they hope to find a cure.
Khoka 420	Bengali	romance	Rajib Biswas	In this story Krish (played by Dev) is the hero and Bhoomi (played by Subhashree Ganguly) is the leading heroine.[3] Krish is the son of a rich man. Krish (has love interest in Megha (Nusrat Jahan). Megha also loves Krish a.k.a. Krishna. Their relationship goes fine until Megha meets Bhoomi (Subhashree Ganguly) and they become best friends. Bhoomi tells her best friend Megha about his rowdy and tough cousin who her family wants her to get married to but she does not want to marry. Megha gets worried about her friend and tells the problem to her boyfriend, Krish. Megha makes Bhoomi meet Krish and tells Krish to act as if Krish is Bhoomi's boyfriend and let Bhoomi's family know that Bhoomi is in a relationship with Krish. Krish does not agree at first but later agrees to help out Bhoomi. In the meantime, Bhoomi fall in love with Krish in reality. Krish also gets close to Bhoomi. Later, one day Krish gets to know that Megha and Bhoomi's fathers are step-brothers and they have a family rivalry between them from ages. Krish meets the two brothers' father (Haradhan Bandopadhyay) and gets to know why they have the rivalry and also gets to know that grandfather wants them to be together again. The grandfather gives the responsibility to Krish to get the two families together again and if he is successful he will get the hand in marriage of Megha or Bhoomi – whomever he is in love with. Krish falls in a big problem as he is not interested in all this family rivalry. But later he decides to get the family together. In the meantime, Megha gets the wrong idea that Krish and Bhoomi are cheating her and Krish is in love with Bhoomi and not her. Due to the untimely death of Late Shri Haradhan Bandopadhay, the climax of the movie was changed which made it different from the original story of Brindavanam where Krish marries Bhoomi as Megha explained.
Daag: A Poem of Love	Bollywood	romance	Yash Chopra	A young man, Sunil Kohli (Rajesh Khanna), falls for beautiful Sonia (Sharmila Tagore). Soon, they get married and leave for their honeymoon. On the way, owing to bad weather, they decide to spend a night at a bungalow owned by Sunil's boss. The boss's son, Dheeraj Kapoor (Prem Chopra), tries to rape Sonia when she is alone. But Sunil arrives in time, and a fight ensues, resulting in the death of Dheeraj. Sunil is arrested and, later, sentenced to death by the court. But, on the way to prison, the police van carrying him meets with an accident. All occupants are killed. Years later, Sonia, working as a school teacher and bringing up Sunil's and her son, finds out that her husband is still alive. He is living with a new identity as Sudhir, and is married to a rich woman named Chandni (Raakhee). After escaping from the police van, Sunil met Chandni, whose lover had ditched her on learning of her pregnancy. Sunil married her to provide legitimacy to her child, in return for her help in establishing his new identity. Now, after so many years, the law is once again at his doorstep. This time, however, there is an added crime to his name: bigamy.
Ilavelpu	Telugu	romance	D. Yoganand	Kantha Rao (Gummadi) is a landlord and a widower, his son Shekar (Akkineni Nageswara Rao) studies B.A. Shekar uncle’s Mukunda Rao's (Dr.Sivaramakrishnayya) daughter Sarala (Jamuna) loves him. But Sarala’s mother Seshamma (Suryakantham) is a very aggressive woman and Shekar stays away from his uncle’s family thinking that Sarala might have her mother's qualities. Sarala’s brother (Relangi) roams outside the house in order to escape the torture of his mother. Kantha Rao’s lands are tilled by Chandrayya (A.L.Narayana) and his daughter is Sarada (Anjali Devi). Sharada grows up in an ashram as her mother dies in her childhood. She is well versed in Sanskrit and Telugu along with having spiritual ideologies. Once, Shekar visits the ashram and meets Sharada there. He respects her ideologies, falls in love and proposes her too. Sharada tells she also admires Shekar but in a way a fellow human being is liked but not love. Instead of giving up, Shekar repeatedly requests her to accept his love. Sharada finally says she would talk to her parents and let him know. It is when Shekar leaves for China to study further but his flight meets with an accident. Everybody thinks he is dead in that accident. Sharada & Sarala get distraught with the news and the story takes a huge twist. Sharada gets forced to marry Sekhar’s father Kantha Rao in dramatic circumstances. It is when Shekar saves himself from the accident and returns. He feels shocked seeing his lover in the position of the mother in the house. Sharada requests Shekar to marry Sarala and makes him agree to the wedding. But Sarala has her own suspicions about Shekar & Sharada and always thinks they both have something else in mind. Shekar gets upset with this and leaves the house. Sharada gives her life in sacrifice and Shekar & Sarala unite again- eventually making the house a paradise again. Sharada arada gets all the prayers as the family deity (Ilavelpu) of the house.
Satyameba Jayate	Bengali	romance	Milan Bhowmik	Satyameva Jayate is the story of a traffic constable who witnesses a murder committed by a politician’s son in day light and the reactions he had to face when he tries to bring the culprits to book. As a bunch of dishonest bureaucrats and corrupted cops acts against him, he had to turn into the long-haired, local goon Pandiya to take revenge.[4][5]
The Beloved Vagabond	British	romance	Fred LeRoy Granville	The wealthy Gaston de Nerac (Blackwell) decides to live as a tramp until he falls in love.
Ram Lakshman	Bengali	romance	Babu Ray	Ram (Kamal Haasan) and his pet elephant Laxman have grown up together and are very emotionally attached to one another. They share such a strong bond that Ram refuses to marry his sweetheart Meena (Sripriya) when her father refuses to sanction their marriage unless Ram leaves Laxman. Meanwhile, in a very cunningly planned plot, an employee of Meena's father kills him and implicates Ram and Laxman for the murder. How the two friends stand by each other in the hour of need and how they prove themselves innocent forms the rest of the plot.
Love Story	Bengali	romance	Raj Mukherjee	The story is about Saheb and Nandini who are born in the same nursing home on the same day. But circumstances drive Saheb into the home of an untouchable dom who works in a crematorium while Nandini is brought up in an affluent home. By chance, one day Saheb comes to Nandini's house in connection with some painting job. The two fall in love and naturally, Nandini's father is not happy about it at all.
Priyamaina Neeku	Telugu	romance	Balasekaran	Ganesh (Tarun) is a carefree college youth from Hyderabad (Coimbatore in Tamil Version), whose life revolves around friends and doing good deeds for them and upsetting his father (Tanikella Bharani/Pyramid Natarajan). One day he fumbles upon a Red diary in his father's auction shop. It is a diary left behind unknowingly by Sandhya (Sneha). The entire first half is narrated through the diary in this film. Sandhya is staying in the house opposite to that of Aishwarya (Jhansi), who is the sister of Ganesh. She falls in love with Ganesh after listening to his melodious guitar play. But Ganesh is unaware of her love and he never uses to interact with her. She is also a shy girl, who never let Ganesh know about her feelings. Sireesha (Preetha Vijayakumar) is the younger sister of Sandhya, who is studying in a hostel. When she comes home for holidays, she gets jealous of Sandhya for loving Ganesh and she wanted to grab him from her. Sireesha assures Sandhya that she will liaison the love of Sandhya between Ganesh and her and plays a double game by playing tricks on Ganesh to attract him. Meantime, the father of Sandhya and Sireesha gets transferred to Vishakhapatnam (Chennai in Tamil Version). Sandhya asks Sireesha to tell Sandhya's love to Ganesh. Sireesha proposes to Ganesh and gets rejected. Sandhya, who witnessed the entired episode secretly, feels cheated by the betrayal of her own sister. At the same time, Sandhya stays away from proposing to Ganesh for the fear of rejection. The family of Sandhya moves to Vishakhapatnam. In the transfer process her diary gets misplaced. After knowing that Sandhya is his secret admirer, Ganesh recognizes the purity in her love and wants to meet her and propose his love to her. He gets off to Vishakhapatnam along with his friend Venu alias Chacha (Venu Madhav). There he finds a mutual friend named Raghu (Sivaji) and stays in his house. Raghu is a rich bachelor in Bheemunipatnam, Vishakhapatnam (Thiruvottiyur, Chennai in Tamil Version), who stays with his parents and is very good at heart. As Ganesh explores his secret mission of finding Sandhya, Raghu gets engaged to the unwilling Sandhya. Later on Raghu comes to know that Ganesh is there to search his silent admirer. Ganesh know that Raghu is marrying Sandhya. Being a good friend, he does not want to betray him. Sandhya has agreed to marriage since she does not want to make the things worse for her father and sister. But she still loves Ganesh. Sireesha wants to amend the mistake she has done. She searches for Ganesh to unite them. Things are still unsure and hazy as Sandhya and Raghu are going to tie the knot in a few minutes. In the end, Sireesha tells everything and marries Raghu while Sandhya and Ganesh unite.
Rootha Na Karo	Bollywood	romance	Sunder Dar	Neeta (Nanda) lives along with her widowed mother (Sulochana Latkar) and her cousin Naina (Kumari Naaz). Sudheer (Shashi Kapoor) was a poor young man and her long term friend, now her fiance. They both love each other deeply and Neeta's mother gives her consent for their marriage. But Naina always warns Neeta about Sudhir's intentions and says that he only loves her for her money. Neeta wouldn't listen to her and deeply trusts Sudhir. She has another cousin Anil, who has passion for stage and theater. He is also friends with Sudhir and highly recommends him. Naina always tries to poison Neeta's mind by telling various examples of how charming young men play the game of love to cheat innocent young woman to steal away their property and succeeds to instill a bit of fear in Neeta's mind. One day, she takes Neeta to a lawyer, where Sudheer was preparing property documents. Naina tells Reeta that Sudheer was trying to change Neeta's property to his name. Reeta confronts Sudheer about that, but it is revealed that Sudheer was preparing documents to transfer everything to Anil, as he doesn't want to touch a penny of Neeta's money. Neeta feels bad for insulting him like that, but Sudhir, feeling hurt, goes away. At last after a confrontation, Naina reveals that she always wanted Sudheer for herself and as Sudheer didn't reciprocate her feelings, she tried to separate him from Neeta by saying poisonous things to Neeta. She takes poison and dies in the hands of Neeta, telling her that she shouldn't lose a good person like Sudheer. Neeta rushes back to Sudheer and gives him an apology and requests him not to leave her. Anil also comes there and reveals how Naina poisoned her mind. At last, Sudheer is pacified and embraces Neeta.
Holiday	Bollywood	romance	Pooja Bhatt	Muskaan (Onjolee Nair) is a shy, wealthy girl who visits Goa with her family. She meets Dino (Dino Morea), a dance performer at the holiday resort in Goa. His dance partner, Alysha (Kashmira Shah), is betrayed by a man who impregnates her, so Muskaan comes to her aid by replacing her in Dino and Alysha's dance routine. As Dino helps her train, love begins to bloom between them and problems arise. Muskaan's father does not approve of their pairing as he believes Dino is the man who impregnated Alysha.
Dwiragaman	Bengali	romance	Nandu Bhattacharya	The soap is about a newlywed couple, Michri and Sayan and Sayan's 7 sisters. The story revolves around the relationship between Michri and her 7 sisters-in-law.[3][4]
So Little Time	British	romance	Compton Bennett	In occupied Belgium during World War II, the chateau where Nicole de Malvines (Schell) lives with her mother (Gabrielle Dorziat) is partially requisitioned for use by German forces. Among those billeted there is Colonel Hohensee (Goring), a ruthlessly efficient officer. Having lost several male members of her family in the war, the proud and outspoken Nicole holds the Germans in contempt and has no hesitation in making her feelings clear. Nicole and Hohensee discover a mutual love of music, particularly the piano. This gradually brings them together and despite their differences and the inherent danger of the situation to both, they fall in love; they begin travelling to Brussels to attend concerts and recitals, acutely aware of the need to be discreet and the risks involved in being seen socialising with one another. Matters become more complicated when members of the Belgian Resistance target Nicole to steal documentation from Hohensee to pass over to them, making clear that non-cooperation is not an option. The couple realise that in one way or another the relationship is doomed, and are told by a sympathetic observer who has noticed their love to make the most of it while they can because there is so little time. Inevitably they are betrayed and have to face being parted forever. She is shot and, unable to reconcile himself to the situation,[3] Hohensee shoots himself.
Eedo Rakam Aado Rakam	Telugu	romance	G. Nageswara Reddy	The story runs between two good friends Arjun (Manchu Vishnu) & Ashwin (Raj Tharun). Arjun is the son of a very rich Leading Lawyer Narayana (Rajendra Prasad) while Ashwin is the son of an ordinary Inspector M. Koteswara Rao (Posani Krishna Murali). Once both of them visits their friend Kishore’s (Vennela Kishore) marriage both of them fall in love with two beautiful girls Neelaveni (Sonarika Bhadoria) & Supriya (Hebah Patel) respectively. Neelaveni is the sister of Dattu (Abhimanyu Singh) while Supriya is the sister of Gaja (Supreth) who are popular goons in the city and opponents to each other. Neelaveni has a condition to marry an orphan after seeing her sister’s life, though he has a family, Arjun acts as an orphan to gain her love and Dattu accepts their love and makes their marriage within no time in the register office. Arjun & Neelaveni are in search of rent house to start their new life and unfortunately, Neelaveni rents the upper portion of Arjun’s house only, where the trouble starts, therefore, Arjun shows Ashwin as Neelaveni’s husband before his family members and Ashwin as Narayana’s second son to Neelaveni. On the other hand, Gaja also intends to meet Ashwin and he wants a rich alliance for his sister. So, Ashwin also lies that he is the son of Advocate Narayana, Arjun also helps him to focus Ashwin as Narayana’s son and successfully makes his marriage with Supriya. Rest of the story is a humorous confusion drama that who married whom? What are they doing in Lawyer Narayana’s house?
Ride the Wild Surf	American	romance	Don Taylor	The story follows surfers Jody Wallis (Fabian), Steamer Lane (Tab Hunter), and Chase Colton (Peter Brown), who come to Hawaii's Oahu Island to ride the world's biggest waves and compete against surfers from all over the world. Steamer falls in love with Lily Kilua (Susan Hart), whose mother objects to the romance because she considers surfers to be beach bums, since her husband—a surfer—left home and family to follow the surf circuit. Self-described college dropout and surf bum Jody falls for the demure Brie Matthews (Shelley Fabares), who challenges him to return to college. In the case of the relatively strait-laced Chase, he finds himself pursued by the adventurous Augie Poole (Barbara Eden). The main story, though, is the challenge to surf the monster waves at Waimea Bay, and fit in among the champion surfers there such as Eskimo (James Mitchum). Despite conflicts, injuries and rocky romances, Wallis, Chase and Steamer prove themselves brave—or crazy—enough to try to be the last one to ride in the highest wave.
Kedi	Tamil	romance	Jyothi Krishna	Raghu (Ravi Krishna) is a happy-go-lucky youngster, who is not serious about his studies or life. He has a great time in college playing pranks with fellow students. His dad (M. S. Bhaskar) dotes on him and so do his close friends (Suman Setty & gang). A new girl Priyanka (Tamannaah) joins his class, and she is the sister of Pughazhenthy (Atul Kulkarni), a powerful gangster-turned minister. Priyanka is born with the silver spoon and the college gets a face lift as her classroom is fitted with an air conditioner and the canteen gets a hip look. Priyanka even manages to change the principal using her brother’s influence, and she hates the sight of Raghu, whom she considers a creep. Aarthi (Ileana D'Cruz) a maid’s daughter studies in the same class, and she has a secret admiration towards Raghu. Seeing the way in which Priyanka treats him, Aarthi gives moral support and motivates Raghu to come above Priyanka, who is an all-rounder and best student in the university. This infuriates Priyanka who slowly wants Raghu at any cost. Aarthi is blackmailed by a boy who takes her vulgar photos in a toilet and he saves her from it. Priyanka decides to separate them and creates photos with him. Priyanka comes to know about Raghu's love towards Aarthi, and she tries everything possible to separate them. Pughazhenthy will go to any extreme costs to make Raghu marry his sister. he makes Arthi mad by first kidnapping her and he start electrifing her, but she turns normal on seeing Raghu, but goes back as she sees Raghu getting shot. In the end, Aarthi goes mental, which enrages Raghu who vows revenge on Priyanka. He pretends to accept the marriage and marries Aarthi at the last minute. Raghu comes to know that Priyanka even murdered her brother in order to live with Raghu. The film ends with Priyanka killing herself and Raghu burying Aarthi's chain at Priyanka's grave.
The Black Orchid	American	romance	Martin Ritt	Rose Bianco (Sophia Loren) a florist widowed by a famous gangster, looks for happiness with widower Frank Valente (Anthony Quinn). Rose is dealing with her son Ralph in a work farm for troubled boys, while for Frank, his grown up daughter Mary (Ina Balin) takes care of everything for him. Noble and Mary love each other and are engaged, but Mary refuses to marry him because she worries about who will take care of her father. She asks Noble to marry her and stay with her in her father’s house. At the same time, however, she refuses to accept Rose as her stepmother and allow her to join the family. Before Frank’s wedding day Mary irons Frank’s clothes, cooks all the food and locks herself in her room. This leads Rose and Frank to call everything off, devastating them both. When Rose’s son finds out, he disappointedly runs away from the work farm, leading the police to come and search for him in the house. The next day, Noble comes and sees Frank is sleeping in his chair and Mary has still confined herself in upstairs. He asks her to come out, but there is no answer. Noble decides he will drop Frank off at Rose’s house and will wait at the church for him. Frank finds out that Rose is waiting beside the telephone for news about Ralph and reveals how miserable he is, torn between her and his daughter. Frank leaves and joins Noble in the church and Rose heads for Frank’s house to confront Mary. Her son comes to the church, hoping to see his mother one last time before they send him to reform school. Frank and Noble bring him back to the farm and manage an agreement with the boarding manager, Mr. Harmon. On the other hand, thinking herself alone in the house, Mary unlocks the door and comes out of the room. There she meets Rose, who has decided to try to help Frank find happiness, even if it is not with her. Rose argues her point with Mary and makes her understand Rose's love for her father, and finally Mary accepts her, asking her to stay for coffee. Frank, Rose, Noble, and Mary have breakfast together. In the end, Rose and Frank take Ralph out of the work farm and the three happily walk toward the horizon.
Nenjirukkum Varai	Tamil	romance	S. A. Chandrasekhar	Ganesh is the slum boy who drives an auto to support his family. Bhuvana is the neglected daughter of a rich man and is in search of true love. Bhuvana is drawn to Ganesh's honesty and good heart. She confesses her love to him but he turns her away saying that a rich girl like her would never be able to live a life of poverty with him. Bhuvana tells him that she will show him she can do it and comes to Ganesh's house with just the clothes on her self. As Bhuvana and Ganesh share a happy love and understanding, life is all roses till a storm disrupts their happiness. Bhuvana meets with an accident and fights for her life. Doctors say nothing but a heart transplant could save her. The hero has no money for the operation. Ganesh is unable to bear the thought of a life without Bhuvana. He is so feverish in his thoughts he decides to donate his own heart to her. In a scene Ganesh is seen whispering to her unconscious and bedridden in the hospital that he is one of the few luckiest who sacrifice their heart for their lover. As it's against medical ethics the doctor who treats Bhuvana takes a strong objection to Ganesh fanatic thoughts. But Ganesh is so adamant in his demand that he takes a revolver and thrusts its barrel into his mouth and declares that he is going to kill himself right on, unless doctor is willing to transplant his heart to Bhuvana. With no other option the doctor agrees. Then Ganesh is seen sitting on the bed of the hospital relishing the beautiful moments he spent with Bhuvana and slowly he puts the barrel of the revolver on his head and presses the trigger.
Jaanam	Bollywood	romance	Vikram Bhatt	Paradise Builders is owned by Dhanraj, who lives a very wealthy lifestyle with his wife, Radha; son, Rajan; and daughter, Anjali. His aim is to take possession of the nearby village, which is now occupied by fishermen, headed by Shankar Rao, who lives there with his wife and two sons, Amar and Arun. Dhanraj's attempts to take possession prove to be in vain. Then the inevitable happens when Amar and Anjali meet and fall in love with each other, much to the chagrin of both Shankar and Dhanraj. While Shankar wants Amar to continue to follow his profession, Dhanraj wants Anjali to wed U.S.-based Shekhar Gupta, the son of the owner of Gupta Investments. Push leads to shove, and Dhanraj asks Rajan to set fire to the village. As a result, Rajan and Arun get killed. A grief-stricken Dhanraj swears on his son's ashes that he will avenge this death by killing Amar - at any and all costs. Watch what impact this has on the Rao family, as well as on Amar and Anjali.
Aashiqui.in	Bollywood	romance	Shankhadeep	Cyrus (Ishaan Manhaas) is a college swim champ who has difficulty in setting his future. He aspires to becoming a writer, but as his father (Kamal Malik) wishes him to take his swimming skills to a national level, Cyrus hides his aspirations so as not disappoint his dad. Though popular in college, he feels out of place and seeks someone who can really understand him. When a child, April (Ankita Shrivastava) lived an idyllic lifestyle with her widowed restaurant-owner father (Amit Dhamija). He remarries Mona (Sharmila Joshi), who herself has two daughters, Saniya (Shubhi Ahuja) and Taniya (Priti Gandwani). Soon after the marriage, April's father passes away, and her stepmother and step sisters begin to treat her like a servant. Years later, and even while burdened by domestic duties, April manages to attend college and keep a part-time job to earn pocket money. Her only confidant is her childhood friend Raj (Dheeraj Miglani). Cyrus and April meet anonymously online, becoming close without revealing their real-world identities. When they finally decide for a real-world meeting, April is able to discover Cyrus' true identity beforehand, but he does not know hers. Feeling that he is too good for her, April avoids committing to a meeting. Cyrus, feeling he has finally found the one person who would understand him as both a friend and perhaps love, seeks her everywhere. With Raj's help, April attends the college's Christmas costume party in a masked Cinderella costume where she recognizes Cyrus as her secret admirer, although her mask prevents him from recognizing her. Likewise, Raj manages to impress the campus queen Sonia. Unfortunately, Mona had forbidden April to attend the party, and so she is obliged to leave at midnight to prevent her stepmother from realizing she disobeyed her. In her haste, April loses one of her shoes on the staircase. April is initially hesitant to reveal herself to Cyrus, and Sonia rejects Raj the next day when he reveals his identity to her. Saniya and Taniya find the emails between April and Cyrus. After a failed attempt to trick Cyrus into believing either of them is Cinderella, they give the emails to Sonia, claiming that April intentionally made up her Cinderella persona to steal Cyrus, who was her childhood friend, from her. As Cyrus' birthday is coming up, Sonia arranges a party at the restaurant. In order to humiliate April, she reveals April's identity to the guests and tricks Cyrus into insulting her. Later at the restaurant, Saniya and Taniya break a portrait of April's father and blame it on April. After Mona punishes her, April decides to leave her stepfamily once and for all. The other workers at the restaurant comes to her defense and quit their jobs in retaliation, and also allow April to live with them. Before the next swimming competition, April confronts Cyrus about what had happened, and forgives him. Finally emboldened, Cyrus runs after April. Sonia, seeming to repent her previous cruelty, offers her blessing to Cyrus. Reuniting at the beach, Cyrus apologizes to April and returns her slipper, proposing marriage to her.
I Can Get It for You Wholesale	American	romance	Michael Gordon	Set in New York City's garment district, the story focuses on ambitious model and fashion designer Harriet Boyd, production manager Sam Cooper, and salesman Teddy Sherman, who leave their firm to start their own business that specializes in $10.95 dresses. Their plans temporarily are derailed when Harriet's mother refuses to give her the insurance payment the family received when her father died, having promised it to Harriet's younger sister Marge for her wedding. Harriet dupes Marge and her fiancé Ray into giving her the money, and Sherboyco Dresses opens for business. Teddy, who has fallen in love with Harriet, is dismayed when she flirts with lecherous buyer Mr. Savage during a business dinner, so he proposes marriage. She declines his offer, telling him she enjoys her freedom. Her refusal prompts Teddy to try to back out of their partnership, but he discovers their contract is ironclad. Harriet begins dating J. F. Noble, the owner of a chain of upscale department stores, who wants her to quit and work exclusively for him. Her uncertainty puts her on edge, and when Teddy discusses her change in attitude, she claims she is stressed by overwork and wants to quit. Teddy repeats his offer of marriage and this time Harriet considers accepting. She visits Noble to decline his offer, but Teddy interrupts their meeting, misunderstands her motives, and mistakenly believes her behavior was a ploy designed to lead the way to her departure from Sherboyco. Heartbroken and angry, Teddy departs, and soon after leaves town for a sales trip. During his absence, Harriet shifts money from Sherboyco to a new company she is founding, stops production on Sherboyco's dresses, and begins designing for Noble's department stores. Unaware what has happened, Teddy continues to take orders for Sherboyco's popular low-cost women's wear while on the road. Not until buyer Hermione Griggs contacts him about an order she has not received does he learn about Harriet's deception. She tries to convince her Sherboyco partners it is in their best interest to align with her at Noble's company, but Sam and Teddy prefer to declare bankruptcy rather than join forces with the competition. Harriet prepares to sail to Paris with Noble, but at the last moment she realizes her commitment to Sam and Teddy is too important to ignore. She returns to Sherboyco, where she admits she loves Teddy and asks him and Sam to forgive her.
Tumi Kar	Bengali	romance	Gobinda Chandra Haldar	This is the story of Madhabpur. The incident is just like that of Singur. The corrupt M.L.A of Madhabpur, Shanti Ranja Burman is a crook who forcefully confiscate the lands and properties of the downtrodden mass in the name of industrialization and development. He and his sidekick Raghab (Rajesh) targets Chandra Roy (Rimjhim) and her grandmother (Whom every one calls Thakuma) for engulfing their land. Enter honest S.P Mr. DIbakar Choudhury and his brother Dev. Dev falls in love with Chandra. The two take oath to uproot the corrupt Shanti Ranjan and Raghab alongside the villainous inspector Binay Bagchi. Dev, Dibakar and Chandra find able allies in sub-inspector Pundarikakshya Das (Subhashish) and Joy Banerjee, a real estate dealer turns revolutionary. Together combat the adverse forces and finally at a meeting all hell breaks loose. Shanti Ranjan and S.P Dibakar died in encounter. Peace is restored.
Arya	Telugu	romance	Sukumar	Geetanjali a.k.a. Geetha (Anuradha Mehta), a college student, goes to Kanyakumari on a trip. She finds a poem in a diary left on a beach and signs in it, saying that she wishes the poet will succeed in his love. Later on, her anklet falls into the ocean and a guy jumps into the water in front of her eyes but no one sees him resurfacing. However, Geetha did not see who jumped in the ocean. She dreams about the incident frequently with the idea that the guy who jumped has died but her friends ask her to forget it. Ajay (Siva Balaji) is a spoiled brat, and is the son of local MP Avataram (Rajan P. Dev). He likes to flirt with beautiful girls and wants them to be his girlfriends. One day he sees Geetha and proposes to her. When she refuses, he threatens to jump from the top of college building. Being afraid of being held responsible for a death, Geetha accepts the proposal with the thought that as some guy has already died for her and she doesn't want someone to get hurt because of her and starts dating him. Aarya (Allu Arjun) is a happy-go-lucky guy who enjoys his life with friends and kids. On his first day to the college, he sees Geetha who was just confessing her love to Ajay who was at the top of the college building, threatening her. Charmed by her beauty, Aarya falls in love with her and proposes to her. She rejects his proposal saying that she is already committed to Ajay. One day Avataram arranges a party in his house and it so turns out that Ajay introduces Geetha to his father and persuades him to fix their marriage. Ajay's father, who initially pretended to accept his son's marriage with Geetha, turns tables upside down by introducing another girl Lalasa and announces that his son is going to marry Lalasa. He threatens his son not to marry anyone except Lalasa. Being embarrassed by the situation and helpless, Ajay sits down and starts to get frustrated. Aarya, who loves Geetha so much that he never hesitated to help her, decides to bring Ajay to Geetha and helps them elope. On their way, they are followed by Avataram's henchmen. They eventually find a train and get into it. When they get down of the train in the night, they are shocked to see the leader of Avataram's henchmen who forces Geetha to come with him, defying his boss' order. On the other hand, Ajay remains helpless, while Aarya fights all the men and finally defeats them, rescuing Ajay and Geetha. They walk on to the nearby town, which happens to be Aarya's hometown. Being tired, the three go to bed. The next morning they wake up and realize that Ajay is missing. Aarya tries to convince Geetha that Ajay left to win over his father. This leaves private time for Aarya and Geetha and they grow close to each other. Geetha starts liking Aarya and begins to understand him. When she tries to confess it to him, Ajay and his father return. Avataram agrees to get Ajay married to Geetha. On the day of wedding, Geetha finds out that Aarya was the guy who dove into the sea for her anklet and realizes that he came into her life much before Ajay. She realizes that while Ajay blackmailed her into loving him; Aarya just wanted to see her happy. Geetha also realizes that Aarya truly loves her, while Ajay was just acting on his impulse of wanting what he couldn't have. She leaves the wedding hall in tears and confesses her love to Aarya.
Murugaa	Tamil	romance	R. T. Nesan	Murugan (Ashok) falls in love with his schoolmate Amudha (Shruti Sharma), a rich girl who does not love him in return. When the news of Murugan's love reaches her family, Amudha's uncle Selvam (Riyaz Khan) tries to kill him, ultimately banishing Murugan and his mother from the village. Saddened, Murugan goes to Chennai and ends up with a job as a delivery boy. Having given up all hope of ever seeing Amutha again, he bumps into her when making a delivery at a medical college. Forgetting the past and her family's issues, the two become good friends and this friendship develops into love. After completing her studies, Amutha returns to the village, only to discover that wedding preparations are underway, as her parents had arranged for her to marry Selvam. Finally, Murugan and Amudha succeed in getting married with the blessing of Amudha's father.
Evaraina Epudaina	Telugu	romance	Marthand K. Shankar	Venkat (Varun Sandesh) is a carefree guy. He is a smart youngster who looks for people around him who are in love, then he blackmails them by threatening to tell their family of their love unless they pay him money for his silence. He gets into a fight because he took money from a couple by blackmailing, there he sees a girl Madhumita (Vimala Raman) and it is love at first sight for Venkat. Meanwhile, his grandma gets hurt and he takes her to a hospital, an old woman is admitted in the same room, later he finds out she is Madhumita's grandma (Rama Prabha). He gets an opportunity to impress her, he pretends to save her grandma and they both become good friends. Venkat's close friend (Adarsh) confesses him that he is in love with the daughter of Madhumita's father (Giri Babu). He thinks that his friend is going to be engaged to Madhumita. This prompts Venkat to play a spoilsport during the engagement ceremony, he tries to break the engagement and also succeeds in breaking the engagement. Soon after the engagement breaks he realised that his friend is in love with Madhumita's sister and was getting engaged to her. Venkat is shocked and is in a fixed situation as he can't tell the truth to Madhumita and her family as they would hate him after knowing the truth. He gets close to her family in the meantime, also Madhumita falls in love with him. In the temple, she overhears Venkat's friend telling him that it was a good plan to break Adarsh and Madumita's sister's engagement. Venkat sees Madhumita and tries to explain to her that it was an misunderstanding but she was not ready to listen. Venkat then become a responsible person and joins his brother's office, he respects lovers and understands other's feeling. He also manages to get Adarsh and Madhumita's sister together in the meantime. He then goes to Madhumita and explains to her and tries to convince her that everything was a misunderstanding, he tells her that he is a changed person and has got a good job for her. She understands him and his feeling's, the film ends with Venkat and Madhumita getting together.
Riptide	American	romance	Edmund Goulding	Lord Rexford (Herbert Marshall) leaves his American wife, Mary (Norma Shearer) at home while he travels on business to America. During his absence, Mary travels to the Riviera to visit Lord Rexford's aunt. There she runs into an old flame, Tommie (Robert Montgomery)—a good-time, heavy-drinking sort—and he ardently pursues her, eventually drawing her into a compromising situation that causes scandalous press coverage. Upon his return, Lord Rexford is furious. His inability to believe Mary's explanation, as well as the continued presence of Tommie, quickly drives a wedge between husband and wife. Rexford becomes cool towards Mary at home and avoids her, even waiting until she has left the nursery before entering to say goodnight to their young daughter. Seeking to escape the tension at home, Mary eventually goes out with friends, and Rexford uses the occasion to ask her for a divorce. When she tries again to explain, he tells her that her behavior no longer matters. After learning from a friend that Mary was largely blameless in the incident, Rexford changes his mind and sends a telegram begging her forgiveness, not knowing that his abandonment of Mary has at last driven her into the arms of Tommie. She tries to conceal this belated infidelity as they reconcile, but soon admits the truth when Tommie asserts that he has a claim on her. Rexford is furious again; this time she asks for the divorce. Mary plans to return to New York, refusing any settlement and sadly renouncing custody of her daughter and all claims. While approving the final agreement, she refuses to say goodbye to her daughter, as a last meeting would be unbearable to her. As she leaves, Lord Rexford asks her to return to him, and as they happily reconcile, their little girl bursts into the room and embraces her parents.
Ramayya Vasthavayya	Telugu	romance	Harish Shankar	After the murder, Nandu makes sure that no clues are left at the spot. Police officer Avinash (Rao Ramesh), who is investigating the case, finds that Nandu is behind those killings. When Avinash tries to arrest Nandu, he kidnaps Akarsha (Samantha Ruth Prabhu) at gun point & escapes the arrest. When she asks him why he murdered her father, he reveals his past. Nandu's real name is Ramu who loves a girl named Ammulu (Shruti Haasan) who lives in a village named Adityapuram and later gains her love too. Those unknown killers (Ajay and Bharani) are Ramu's elder brothers. Their families also accept for their marriage. Nagabhushanam(Mukesh Rishi) along with home minister Umapathi (Kota Srinivasa Rao) and his son Bhikshapathi (P. Ravi Shankar) plans to grab a land that was very fertile. Bhikshapathi is a womanizer and lusts over Ammulu when she confronts him. When he misbehaves with her, he is attacked by Ramu which makes them rivals. The trio resort to lot of bloodshed and finally grab the land and share among themselves. Later, Ammulu and Ramu's marriage is fixed by her parents and Ramu's grandfather Raja Rao Bahadur Ramchandra Naidu (Nagineedu). During the preparations, Nagabhushanam's son (Bharath Raju) and some more goons attack on Ammulu. Nagabhushanam's son kills Ammulu and Ramu loses her, and his near and dear ones and migrates to Hyderabad and changes his name to Nandu. He also tells that he had only killed Akarsha's brother and leaves her safely at her home through his friends. Ramu and his brothers killed Nagabhushanam to lure Bhikshapathi out of hiding. In order to seek revenge, through a girl (Hamsa Nandini), Ramu plans to invite Bhikshapathi to a youth fest as the chief guest. Bhikshapathi lusts at her and accepts to attend. There he sees Ramu and plans to attack him with his henchmen but he escapes. Later he informs Bhikshapathi that he kidnapped Umapathi and challenges him to face him at Adityapuram. When Ramu kills Bhikshapathi after a brief duel he also reminds Ammulu's death and Umapathi dies because of heart attack. The film ends with Nandu starting a trust in the name of his mother in the village and Akarsha teaching the children there.
Nights in Rodanthe	American	romance	George C. Wolfe	While picking up his son and daughter for a weekend visit, Jack tells his estranged wife Adrienne that he still loves her and wants to move back home. (It is made clear that Jack left his family for another woman.) Adrienne suggests that his remorse is due to his falling out with the other woman, but in any event says she needs time and space to think. The rift that this causes between the daughter and her mother is palpable. Typical teenage angst and rebellion follow and Adrienne is sure she is losing her daughter over the events that are unfolding in her marriage. Adrienne drives to Rodanthe, North Carolina, to look after a friend's bed-and-breakfast for the weekend while she's away. The house is rustic, romantic, and right on the beach, and partially in the surf at high tide. The only guest for the weekend is Paul, a surgeon with a very Type A personality, who arrives at the inn with his own emotional baggage. He has flashbacks of a surgery which ended tragically. The family of the patient, who live in Rodanthe, is suing him. The husband wrote to Paul asking to speak to him; this is what brings him to Rodanthe. A storm moves in and Paul and Adrienne team up to protect the inn. They dine together, share stories, and eventually turn to each other for emotional comfort. A genuine romance is born. With Adrienne’s advice and moral support, Paul opens up to the patient's widower and in doing so faces his own pain. Paul carries guilt for passing up a relationship with his son in favor of his career and decides to go down to South America to salvage his relationship with his son. Paul is now very reluctant to leave Adrienne and Rodanthe but he knows that he must go to his estranged son Mark who left his stressful practice with his workaholic dad to become a physician there (a Doctors Without Borders type of thing). During their separation, Adrienne and Paul exchange numerous handwritten letters expressing their longing to be with each other once again. On the evening that Adrienne and Paul are to finally reunite, he does not show up. Adrienne is unable to determine if he caught his flight back from South America from the airlines. Unfortunately, Paul has been killed in a flash mudslide. His son, Mark, arrives at Adrienne's door the following day with a box of Paul's personal belongings, as well as gratitude to Adrienne for giving him back the father he knew when he was a child. Adrienne is seen struggling, for what appears to be days or weeks, with a nearly unbearable grief. Eventually, her daughter (wiser and more mature now) is able to coax the story from her mother. This is a turning point for their relationship and it allows Adrienne to begin to deal with her loss. She tells her daughter the story of a very special type of love and encourages her daughter to seek that out for herself someday. Adrienne finally is granted a respite from her heart-rending sadness when, during a solitary sojourn along the beach on a strikingly beautiful day, she looks up to see a small herd of magnificent wild horses go thundering on by her. She, her children and her best friend walk down to the dock where Adrienne and Paul had danced, and Adrienne is finally able to kiss Paul goodbye.
The Arab	American	romance	Rex Ingram	Jamil (Ramon Novarro) is a soldier in the Bedouin defense forces during a war between Syria and Turkey, who has deserted his regiment. In a remote village, he encounters an orphan asylum run by American missionaries Dr. Hilbert (Jerrold Robertshaw) and his daughter Mary (Alice Terry). The village is attacked by the Turks, and its ruler, eager to placate the invaders, intends to hand over the children for slaughter; he disguises his intentions under a move to Damascus for their safety. The Bedouins arrive at the scene and reveal that Jamil is the son of the tribal leader. With his father's death revealed, Jamil becomes the new leader of the tribe, which endows him with a sense of responsibility. Risking his own life, he proceeds to save the children, defeating the Turks and the local leader in the process (and winning the girl).
Kudirithe Cup Coffee	Telugu	romance	Ramana Salva	Kudirithe Kappu Coffee is a simple story. Venu (Varun Sandesh), son of Giridhar (Bhimaneni Srinivasa Rao) hates love after his dear friend Ravi commits suicide due to love failure. Lasya (Suma Bhattacharya) on the other hand is a student of hotel management who has a granny Malati (Sukumari), at Dakshinagiri hill station in AP border. Lasya's dream is to make her granny's coffee shoppe into a resort. Incidentally, Giridhar is a student of Malati. Giridhar has a coffee shoppe in Dakshinagiri in which Malati lives in. Malati is under the impression that it belonged to her son. Once she realises it is not her property but Giridhar's, she decides to give it back to him. But she also has to repay the loan of Mohan (Tanikella Bharani) who operates Decent Lodge in Dakshinagiri. In such conditions, Giridhar sends Venu to take care of Malati and the coffee shoppe. Venu turns the coffee shoppe into a wedding venue and offers tourism packages to corporate but never reveals his identity. The rest of the story is about the conflict between Lasya and Venu, the property confusion, Mohan's plans and whether Venu and Lasya fall in love.
Fire with Fire	American	romance	Duncan Gibbins	In this fact-based adolescent melodrama, Joe Fisk is a juvenile delinquent who falls in love with Lisa Taylor, a beautiful Catholic girls' school student, in an Oregon forest. The two meet by accident when the troubled young man stumbles upon her while being chased by his peers in a training exercise, and sees the lovely girl floating in a small lake as she works on a photography assignment, recreating the Pre-Raphaelite painting Ophelia by John Everett Millais. The two are immediately drawn to each other, but neither of their custodians encourage contact with the opposite sex, and when their relationship is discovered there is trouble all around, forcing the young lovers to flee. The question then remains: Will they be able to escape the law and other authorities long enough to find happiness?
Chupi Chupi	Bengali	romance	Abir Bose	The film is a love story based on the Ghoti-Bangal theme.[2] It is a romantic drama where a couple from Siliguri, namely Gourab and Jini, fall in love and dream of spending their life together. But when it comes to convincing their concerned families, a weird thing happens. Involving Bangal-Ghoti feud, their life becomes unmanageable and miserable. Both the families send off them to Kolkata, but at different places to try to break their relationship. While moving to Kolkata, Jini prepares herself and apparently gets a job at a private concern. After this, the story has its twists.[3]
Kyo, Koi wo Hajimemasu	Japanese	romance	Takeshi Furusawa	Despite Tsubaki Hibino's talent in styling other people's hair, she isn't comfortable with doing the same for herself. On her first day of high school, she is immediately looked down upon her delinquent-like classmates for her old-fashioned taste. When she is teased by the top student, Kyouta Tsubaki, who shares the same name as her, she defiantly cuts his hair. Interested in her actions, Kyouta decides to make her his target. Kyouta, who is not only a promiscuous playboy but also has control of the class, makes Tsubaki need him during class activities, although Tsubaki attempts to resist his advances. Gradually, the two begin to fall in love with each other until Tsubaki discovers that Kyouta cannot commit himself into a relationship due to his mother and a nurse he trusted. But with both of them having their first experiences in love, troubles start to weigh and test their relationship.
For You Alone	British	romance	Geoffrey Faithfull	John Bradshaw (Robert Griffith), a young naval officer, attends a lunchtime concert at Westminster Central Hall where he meets Reverend Peter Britton (G.H. Mulcaster) and his daughter Katherine (Brook). After the concert the three share a taxi, and after seeing her father off on the train to a conference Katherine agrees to have tea with John. They enjoy each other's company and later go to see a film, followed by dinner and a stroll along the Thames Embankment. John impulsively tells Katherine that he has fallen in love with her, but she reminds him that they hardly know one another, and since her brother's death in the Far East she has to devote herself to her father. The couple finally part, agreeing to meet again the following day. However Katherine receives a telegram at her hotel, stating that her brother Dennis (Hanley) has turned up alive and will be arriving home the next day. She returns home early the next morning, leaving a note of explanation for John. Unfortunately John forgets the name of Katherine's hotel, so does not receive the note and is distraught when she fails to turn up for their rendezvous. Meanwhile, back at home, Katherine finds that Dennis is accompanied by Max Borrow (Manning Whiley), an old admirer who still wants to marry her. He has sustained serious eye injuries while saving Dennis' life, and Katherine as a result feels she must accept him. Dennis himself immediately rekindles his courtship with local schoolteacher Stella White (Sheridan). John remembers that Katherine's father is due to return to London from the conference and waits at the station until he arrives. They learn from the hotel why Katherine departed so hurriedly, and Rev. Britton invites John back to their village where he knows the local squire is looking for help in cataloguing his library. John is deeply upset to discover Katherine is engaged, and also resentful towards Dennis and Stella for their obvious happiness together. Katherine finally admits to John the reason she and Max are engaged, and John agrees to not pursue matters unless Max can be cured. Max goes off for a medical examination, and John is recalled to his ship. As he is about to leave, a fire breaks out in a storage shed where children are playing. Max, having been told that his sight is safe, arrives back while the drama is in progress, and John is injured as he rescues the children. Katherine's reaction leaves Max in no doubt as to her feelings. That evening he tells her that he knows the situation, and will release her from her obligation to him so that she may marry John.
Tum Haseen Main Jawaan	Bollywood	romance	Bhappi Sonie	Sunil is a navy officer, and has had numerous affairs with a number of attractive young women. One day he meets with beautiful Anuradha, and falls in love with her. Anuradha too loves him, and she is introduced to his mom. Anuradha has another admirer in Ranjeet, who informs Sunil and his mom, that Anuradha is deceiving them, and is the mother of a baby boy. Sunil and his mother are shocked, and will have nothing to do with Anuradha. Then the child, in question, is kidnapped, and held for ransom. It is then Sunil comes to know the shocking truth behind the abduction, which will change his life forever.
Tholi Valapu	Telugu	romance	Muthyala Subbaiah	Prem (Gopichand) lives with his friends in the city. His dream is to own a bike, and with some help from his rural agriculturist father (L.B. Sriram), he does get it. However, on the first night itself it gets punctured, and because there is no mechanic around so late, Prem decides to park it in a nearby house for the night. The door is opened by a very pretty girl Soumya (Sneha), and the smitten and dumbstruck Prem manages to explain his predicament and leaves the bike and keys. The next morning when he goes to pick up the bike, he doesn't find it, and the girl and her father (Chandramohan) completely deny any knowledge. Our man understandably gets riled and creates a ruckus, but to no avail. The story progresses and a thief is caught who admits to having burgled the house in question that night. But the father continues to stoutly deny any such happening. This obviously creates some confusion, and then the burglar reveals that he also raped the daughter. There has to be a villain somewhere - enter wicked son-in-law Kailash (P. Ravi Shankar), who is the husband of the elder daughter.
Jawani Diwani	Bollywood	romance	Narendra Bedi	Madhu (Nirupa Roy) falls in love with Ravi Anand (Balraj Sahni), son of an employee in her Thakur brother's (Iftekhar) household. When they get married, the Thakur breaks all ties with them, she moves into Ravi's home, where they live with his younger brother, Vijay (Randhir Kapoor). Subsequently, Vijay meets a girl, Neeta (Jaya Bhaduri), at school, with the usual problems with parents. She turns out to be the Thakur's daughter, who has been promised in marriage to Benny Sinha (Narendra Nath).
Tulkalam	Bengali	romance	Haranath Chakraborty	Tulkalam is a political action film, it is based on land scam in West Bengal. It is an all-time record blockbuster hit movie in the Bengali film industry.[citation needed]
Just Math Mathalli	Kannada	romance	Sudeep	Siddharth (Sudeep), a singer in a rock band, leaves for Singapore from Bangalore. On the flight he meets Adi (Rajesh), a scriptwriter, who takes a liking to Siddharth and asks him about his trip to Singapore. Siddharth tells him that he was going in search of a girl, Tanu (Ramya) whom he liked. Adi, a scriptwriter, is amused and asks Siddharth to narrate his story about why he was trying to find her now. Siddharth begins narrating his experience which forms the greater part of the first half of the movie. Tanu's Story- Siddharth, standing at the precipice of a suicide point is looking down the cliff when Tanu, a stranger to Siddharth, pulls him back assuming he was attempting suicide and reprimands his act without allowing him to explain his actions. Siddharth walks away and sits by a lake. Again Tanu sees him and presumes he would jump into the water in his attempt to kill himself. She rushes to stop him again and gives him another dress-down. Disgusted, he goes to a tea stall by the road and orders for coffee. As he is adding sugar-free cubes into his coffee, Tanu notices him from a distance and again assuming that he is adding poison to his coffee rushes to his side and knocks down the tumbler from his hand before he takes his first sip. Siddharth, by now evidently tired of her unsolicited good Samaritan ways, lashes back. He tells her that he was only trying to see the depth of the cliff at the suicide point, and was trying to splash some water on his face at the lake and that he was adding sugar-free cubes into his glass, all of which she misunderstood as suicidal attempts by him. He walks away after assuring her that he is NOT suicidal. Later, at a railway station, while waiting for his train Siddharth sees Tanu running into the station trying to catch a departing train. She anyway misses the train and sits on a bench tired. She asks the station master directions to the toilet. She decides to use the sky-walk to reach the other side of the platform, where the toilet is. As she goes up the sky-walk, Siddharth who is sitting on a bench beside hers, notices a beggar who was sitting nearby, missing. He walks up the sky-walk and witnesses the beggar trying to steal gold bangles from Tanu. He shouts at the beggar and Tanu finds this distraction enough to kick the beggar in his groin and runs towards Siddharth. They both go down and sit on a bench exhausted. They introduce themselves and Siddharth suggests he keep the bangle for safekeeping. She agrees and he tucks the bangle into his backpack. Suddenly, Tanu sees the beggar walking back towards them with four more people. The couple make a dash for it and hide in a dark cattle shed with few oxen. One of baddies enters the shed and gets kicked by an ox. The others think that Siddharth hit their partner and run away scared. Next morning Tanu departs for her destination by the morning train. After she leaves, Siddharth realizes that her bangle is with him. He gets her address from a telephone booth from where she had earlier called home. He sets out to her hometown to return the bangle. He meets her and gives the bangle to her. She insists that he stay with her family for a few days. He agrees and she introduces him to her family members. Tanu falls in love with Siddaharth and he too starts liking her. On the day he is leaving, Tanu proposes her love to him. But, to her disbelief, he rejects her proposal. He then leaves to Bangalore. On the flight- Adi is shocked and wonders why he rejected her proposal. Siddharth narrates another incident which changed him to not get emotionally involved with girls. Flashback 3 years ago- Divya (Keerthi Gowda), a big fan of Siddharth proposes her love to him. He does not understand the seriousness of her craze for him and accepts her proposal just to hang around with her. Once at a mall along with Siddharth's band, he gets called on work. He informs Divya to go home as he has work to attend. Divya insists on going with him reasoning that since she is his girlfriend she should know about his work. Siddharth realizes that she had taken the relationship very seriously and admonishes her explaining that he did not want to get into a real relationship with her. He leaves her and goes away. She is lovelorn and commits suicide that night. Siddharth is depressed on realizing that he was the reason for her suicide decides never to get involved with girls. Tanu's story- Siddharth narrates his Tanu experience to a friend who advises him get her as he loves her. He goes back to her house only to find that she has left to Singapore. And on this plane to Singapore he meets Adi. On reaching Singapore, Adi invites him home. Siddharth accepts the invitation and sets out to find Tanu. Meanwhile, Adi is getting married and invites Siddharth to his wedding. At the wedding Siddharth is shocked to see the bride, Tanu. Without another word, he leaves the wedding hall to the airport. On his way to the airport, he calls Adi to inform him that he has found his Tanu. But he requests Adi not to use his story and suggests he forget it. Adi agrees. Movie credits start rolling.
Rang Milanti	Bengali	romance	Kaushik Ganguly	There are four boys and one girl. All are very good friends, but the girl wants to choose any one of them as a special friend who can become her life partner later. Her elder sister had a fight with her husband and left him. The girl went to her husband and asked for help. He refers her to a doctor who can help her. Dr.Anughatak. The doctor is no one but himself only in disguise. He helps by asking her to test 4 of his friends in 10 various situations how they react. Based on that she has to play a game of cards where she has to mark them. The person who gets maximum points in all 10 rounds will be the winner and she can marry that person. She agrees and shares the same with her sister. She starts playing the game but discovers at the end that if she plays an additional extra round the results are changing. She gets angry with the doctor and marries the person whom she loves most and realizes that we can not get every good virtue in same person. People differs, whatever good things we get inside our beloved people, we have to be happy with it. Her sister also realizes the same and comes back to her husband.
You for Me	American	romance	Don Weis	A nurse, Katie (Jane Greer), must decide whether she should marry for love or money. She is pursued by Tony, a wealthy but irresponsible sportsman, and Jeff, a handsome, if conventional, doctor. Tony's ex-wife complicates matters.
Lafangey Parindey	Bollywood	romance	Pradeep Sarkar	Pinky Palkar (Deepika Padukone) is an aspiring skater who dreams of making it big through a television show. She is the archetypical Mumbai chawl girl who dreams big, despite her lowly surroundings.[7] Her dreams goes away when One-Shot-Nandu (Neil Nitin Mukesh), a fighter who pummels his opponents in the ring blindfolded, knocks her down in a freak car accident, making her blind.[8] Despite her handicap, Pinky is determined to participate in the show. Full of remorse, Nandu trains her to see through her blindness, using her other senses. In return, she teaches him to skate and Nandu becomes her partner in the competition. They gradually fall in love.
Kathputli	Bollywood	romance	Brij	Vishal and Nisha are happily married, but it is short lived when Vishal's mother reveals the past about Nisha. This past makes Vishal worried and later takes a toll on their married life. The question arising in Vishal's mind is, has his mother been mistaken or is Nisha hiding something from Vishal? Will Vishal ever forget the past and accept Nisha the way she is now or remain in the past?
Chander Bari	Bengali	romance	Tarun Majumdar	The Sanyals are a large extended family composed of the nonagenarian grandfather, (Haradhan Banerjee), his son (Ranjit Mallick), daughter-in-law (Laboni Sarkar) who rules over the house like a female Hitler, reincarnated, and their children of whom two, a daughter (Koel Mallick) and son (Rishi Kaushik) live together in a beautiful mansion in Bhawanipur. There seems to be more servants in their house than family members, extending the virtues and parameters of the ideal ‘joint’ family. The film starts with everyone being excited about the return of the elder son (Babul Supriyo) from US, where he had gone for some business related work. However, all hell breaks loose, when he returns with a wife (Rituparna Sengupta) and her child from a former marriage in tow. Her first husband with underworld links was killed in police crossfire. Everyone accepts the new additions to the Sanyal family except the mother-in-law who refuses to even acknowledge her presence. The story revolves around how these two women build bridges to keep the joint family intact, with most of the credit going to the beautiful daughter-in-law who can sing, dance, cook, clean, supervise, nurse and even do matchmaking in her own way – in short, being politically appropriate and offering a perfect celluloid example of a matrimonial ‘bride wanted’ classified ad.
Dishyum	Tamil	romance	Sasi	The movie is all about an affair between a stuntman and a student who pursues courses on arts and sculpture. A case of persons of two different thoughts and two extremes coming together. 'Risk' Bhaskar (Jiiva), a stuntman in films, comes across Cinthya (Sandhya), a college student. A couple of meetings help them to get acquainted with each other. Through Baskar she comes to know of the difficulties stuntmen face in their everyday work. Life is a daily risk for them, she understands. Cinthya’s care and affection makes Baskar develop love towards her. However, coming to know that she is not interested in reciprocating his love, he wants to leave from her life. Missing his company, Cinthya calls on him and urges him to be himself and continue their friendship. Not wanting to miss his company, Cinthya promises to marry Baskar in case if she develops a love towards him in future or if not they would part as friends after sometime. Baskar, a happy-go-lucky youngster, tries all means to impress Cinthya. However, Malar (Anee Malavika), Cinthya's mother, coming to know of their relationship opposes it. Meanwhile, she loses her husband Jayachandran (Nassar), a fire and rescue personnel, while he is dousing a major blaze. She immediately decides to get her daughter married and even arranges her wedding. The rest is about interesting turn of events and an answer to the question whether Baskar and Cinthya reunite.
Roti	Bollywood	romance	Manmohan Desai	Mangal Singh has been a career criminal and he is finally sentenced to be hanged. Behind the bars, he meets underworld don, Suraj and plans to run away from police. They finally escape from jail. Mangal Singh lands up in a small village in Northern India and becomes a school teacher with the help of local restaurateur, Bijli. He takes on the identity of Ramu, a friend of Shravan, and goes to live with Shravan's parents, Lalaji and Malti, little knowing that they are the parents of a man he killed while escaping from the police.
Banphool	Bollywood	romance	Vijay Bhatt	Haria lives with his widowed and elderly grandmother at a tea estate. He has no knowledge of his biological father, as his mother died at the time of his birth. He now works as a Mahout (Elephant driver) at the tea estate, with elephant-friend, Raja. He meets and falls in love with a gypsy girl, Gulabi, and both want to get married. But Gulabi has another suitor, none other than Ajay, the only son of the tea estate owner. When Ajay finds out that Gulabi loves Haria, he plans to get rid of Haria but fails. He waits for the right moment and has his men abduct Gulabi. But before he could have his way with her, she is rescued by Raja, but Ajay subsequently shoots Raja to death. An enraged Haria wants to kill Ajay in return, but Ajay's dad stops him from doing so. Then Ajay's dad finds out a secret about his past life and decides to change his last will and testament. Ajay finds out about this and lays in wait with a shotgun to kill his very own father - and anyone else who dares to stand in his way.
Keno Mon Take Chay	Bengali	romance	Milan Bhowmik	Agni and Tony , two friends who have no work romance two sisters Dibba and Priya who study in school. While the elder actually believes in love, the younger sister is materialistic and uses Tony. She gets married in due course of time and goes abroad, but has a broken marriage afterwards. On the other hand, Dibba’s father is dead against her relationship with Agni who is from a lower class background. He manages to separate them, but though Dibba goes to Agni later, he refuses her love and when he does decide to return to her, it’s too late as she commits suicide. Later on even he dies.
My Summer of Love	British	romance	Paweł Pawlikowski	In Yorkshire, Tamsin rides her horse and chances upon Mona. Tamsin is from an upper-middle-class family and says she has been suspended from boarding school. Mona comes from a family of criminals with only her brother Phil alive. Both of the girls seem to regard their lives as mundane. Mona finds Phil destroying all the booze in their late mother's former pub. He has undergone a religious transformation in prison, and now plans a Christian rally. Mona meets her lover, Ricky, for sex in his car, but he breaks up with her. The next day, the girls begin to bond as they spend the day drinking, smoking and talking about their problems. The next day, Tamsin takes Mona to the house where Tamsin claims that her father is cheating on her mother. Mona smashes a window of Tamsin's father's car. Tamsin purchases an engine for Mona's scooter, and they drive to a small river to swim. Under a waterfall, the girls share a kiss. At Tamsin's house Mona tries on her dresses. Tamsin tearfully recounts the anorexia death of her sister Sadie. In the garden, Tamsin plays the cello while Mona dances. Tamsin kisses Mona passionately. Later they have sex. Phil invites the girls to his rally. They join the born-again Christians to erect a cross on a hill. Tamsin acts attracted to Phil. Later, Mona and Tamsin find a bag of magic mushrooms in Sadie's room. They eat the mushrooms and go to a dancehall where they disturb the patrons. They return to the river and declare their eternal love to each other, swearing a death oath. Tamsin pretends to seduce Phil, but he reacts angrily. He locks Mona in her room. Mona fakes suicide and then mocks Phil's religious beliefs. Phil kicks out the born-again Christians, while Mona packs a suitcase and leaves for Tamsin. Mona discovers that Tamsin is returning to boarding school. Mona also finds out that Tasmin's lied about her parents and sister. Dejected, Mona goes to the river. Tamsin tells Mona she should have known Tamsin was lying. Seemingly forgiving her, Mona slips into the water, enticing Tamsin to join her, and the two girls kiss again. Mona grabs Tamsin by the throat and pushes her under the water, as if to kill her. Instead, Mona releases Tamsin and walks away.
Cheppave Chirugali	Telugu	romance	Vikraman	Venu (Venu Thottempudi) is a receptionist at a lowly beachside hotel in Vizag. He has a beautiful neighbor Nirmala (Ashima Bhalla). Her father's (Mouli) financial status is in bad shape and Venu helps them monetarily and morally. In the process Nirmala falls in love with Venu and Nirmala's family approves their relationship. Later on a well-off guy, Ramji, starts helping Nirmala and family out with luxurious items and better living conditions. Nirmala's father falling for this windfall, forces Nirmala to accept Ramji's marriage proposal by dumping Venu. Later, Venu meets another girl Radha (Abhirami) who starts having feelings for him and she also monetarily helps him out. Venu is also aware of this. By then, Nirmala gets cheated and dumped by Ramji. Venu inspires her again to achieve her goals and sells off all his property to pay as a donation in a private college for her medical seat. When Nirmala becomes a doctor, she proposes to Venu. The climax of the film is that Venu rejects Nirmala and chooses Radha as his life partner, as Radha's Love had purity, which lacked in Nirmala's Love in the Past.
Sadak	Bollywood	romance	Mahesh Bhatt	Maharani (Sadashiv Amrapurkar) is an evil madam running a brothel that employs many girls like Pooja (Pooja Bhatt) and Chanda (Neelima Azeem). Ravi (Sanjay Dutt), a taxi driver, meets Pooja before she is bought by Maharani, and his friend Gotya (Deepak Tijori) is in love with Chanda. Ravi witnessed his sister Roopa (Soni Razdan) plunge to her death after being diagnosed with a sexually transmitted disease. She had eloped with her lover who sold her off at a brothel and forced her to become a prostitute. This violent incident has left Ravi traumatised and scarred for life, as he has become an insomniac who keeps having disturbing visions of his sister's death and is restless and violent on occasions. On one of his taxi-plying days, he meets Inspector Irani (Pankaj Dheer), who Ravi recognises from an article that was published about the cop when he had won a medal. Ravi drops him off to his destination, refuses to take any money from him and the cop tells him to come to him if he ever needs help of any kind. Ravi meets Pooja again as she tries to flee the brothel of Maharani and tries to help her in vain. He procures his life's savings, a meagre sum of thirty thousand rupees from Salim Bhai (Avtar Gill), his taxi's owner and takes out Pooja for one night, posing as her customer. He does so with the help of his friend Gotya and a pimp Gullu (Mushtaq Khan). Gotya, however, is held as collateral under Maharani's orders in case Pooja is not safely returned. They roam around Bombay, spend some romantic time with each other, during which Ravi tells Pooja that he loves her and would keep on coming back to the brothel for her every night (presumably — so that she is not sold to other customers). The next night, Ravi mortgages the taxi and goes back to the brothel. He is, however, chided by Maharani who suspects he's either mad or in love with Pooja for offering high sums of money for her on consecutive nights. She also tells Ravi that since she has been running this business for the past thirty years, she knew when Pooja came back in the morning that Ravi did not sleep with her. After much argument, and requests from Ravi and Gotya, Maharani agrees to letting him spend the night with Pooja under the condition that he have sex with her in front of her. Ravi agrees, and then stabs Maharani, and escapes with Pooja in the ensuing chaos. Gotya also grabs his girlfriend Chanda and escapes. They run away to a distant location where Gotya and Chanda get married in a temple with the blessings of Ravi and Pooja. All four come back and take refuge with Salim Bhai. In the meantime, Maharani's henchmen find the pimp and break his legs. Salim Bhai advises Ravi and Gotya to enlist police protection and Ravi decides to approach Inspector Irani. He assures them of his help and asks them to meet him in the parking lot of an apartment complex at a scheduled time. However, when the four reach there, Maharani and his henchmen are already waiting and attack them with firearms. As the four try to escape, Gotya and Chanda are both shot and Ravi manages to escape with Pooja in Irani's police jeep. Once they reach safety, he calls up Irani and warns him that he will have to pay heavily for his betrayal. Pooja is, however, captured again by Maharani, after Ravi is tortured and left for dead. Ravi, remembering that the fate of his sister and Pooja are the same, regains his lost strength. He fights his way back to Maharani by killing Inspector Irani and setting ablaze to Maharani's Brothel and finally killing Maharani and rescuing Pooja.
Son of India	American	romance	Jacques Feyder	Karim is the son of rajah and jewel merchant Hamid, traveling with him through India. On the twentieth day of their journey, after Karim hears his father speak about the importance of gratitude, they are attacked by bandits. The group of travelers is massacred, but Rao Rama, a holy man, hides Karim in a shallow grave. He survives the tragedy, and is left with his father's most valuable diamond. Karim next journeys to Bombay, where he attempts to sell the diamond in a jewelry store. Feeling that they aren't offering him enough money, he leaves. The corrupt store owners claim that Karim is a thief. He is arrested, and unable to prove he is the true owner of his father's diamond, faces a long prison sentence. William Darsey, an American witness, saves him by revealing the truth and Karim is released. Some time later, Karim becomes one of the wealthiest men of Bombay, attending many high society social functions. At a polo match, he meets Janice Darsey, an attractive young American woman accompanied by her aunt and Dr. Wallace. Feeling attracted to each other, they are soon in love. This is much to Mrs. Darsey's dislike, who doesn't approve of her niece dating an Indian man. She attempts to sabotage their relationship by announcing that the Darseys will leave for Kolkota. Janice, however, does not want to leave Karim and runs away from her aunt to secretly accompany Karim on a tiger hunt. When her aunt finds out, she is infuriated and immediately calls for William, who happens to be Janice's brother. During the hunt, Karim notices his father's killer. When confronted, the murderer shoots at Karim. Janice starts to hide and stumbles upon a poisonous plant. Karim brings her to safety and removes the poison, after which they become engaged. Back at home, William and Mrs. Darsey try to stop the marriage by telling them lies, but Karim and Janice come to the conclusion that their love for each other is stronger.
Kaun Hai Jo Sapno Mein Aaya	Bollywood	romance	Rajesh Bhatt	Kuldeep Khanna, who lives in London, agrees to look after Mahek, the niece of his friend Dr. Verma, while she comes to London for a month-long stay. She begins to teach members of the household about Indian traditions and helps reform the household. Meanwhile, Khanna's son Sunny falls in love with her and proposes that they get married. She turns his request down, saying that she is seeing someone else. Soon Mahek becomes unpopular with the Khannas. Finally Sunny discovers the truth behind her rejection: as she suffers from an incurable disease, and doesn’t want to create trouble for Sunny.
A Moment of Romance II	Hong Kong	romance	Benny Chan	Celia (Jacklyn Wu) illegally enters Hong Kong from mainland China and works as a prostitute in order to earn money to save her younger brother from prison. While working for the first time, Celia witnesses the murder of a triad leader and gets framed for the murder. As triad members are chasing her, she is rescued by Frank (Aaron Kwok), a member of a biker gang. Frank came from a wealthy but broken family and always feels depressed. However, he later becomes inspired by Celia's upbeat personality and the two of them fall in love. Celia then leaves Frank in order to avoid bringing him into trouble with the triads, but Frank unconditionally sacrifices his life to save her.
Aisha	Bollywood	romance	Rajshree Ojha	Aisha (Sonam Kapoor) is a young, rich, upper class woman who believes that she is perfectly suited for match-making – amongst her friends in particular. Her superficial lifestyle and match-making schemes are constantly criticized by her friend/neighbor Arjun (Abhay Deol), who advises her to stop meddling with the lives of other people. Soon, she has a new project - trying to make a match between her middle class, small town friend Shefali (Amrita Puri) and a rich business owner, Randhir (Cyrus Sahukar). Aisha creates various circumstances to make Shefali and Randhir fall in love. During one such occasion, she meets her aunt's step-son Dhruv Singh (Arunoday Singh), whom she becomes attracted to. In the mean-time, Arjun introduces Aisha to one of his colleagues, Aarti Menon (Lisa Haydon), who is from New York. Aisha feels threatened by Aarthi's presence and is very antagonistic towards her. Randhir organizes a river rafting camp for everyone, and Aisha uses this as a chance to get Randhir and Shefali to spend more time together. One night during the camp, Randhir takes Aisha for a walk and then confesses his love for her. Confused and taken aback by Randhir's feelings for her, Aisha starts to doubt her match making skills. Arjun comes to know of the incident and gets angry at Aisha, criticizing her for once again meddling with the lives of others, and playing with Shefali's feelings. Aisha tries to console a heart broken Shefali, who had previously turned down a marriage proposal in order to be with Randhir, on Aisha's advice. As time passes, Pinky (Ira Dubey), Aisha's best friend, starts to develop feelings for Randhir and eventually they are engaged. This causes a problem between Pinky and Aisha, and they stop speaking to each other. Disheartened with her previous failed match making attempt, Aisha tries to match up Shefali with Dhruv. Shefali comes to know of Aisha's plan and confronts her, telling Aisha that she never viewed her as a friend, rather as a project, someone who she tried to mold and fix. Shefali then declares that she has feelings for Arjun. This greatly confuses and hurts Aisha, since she realises that she has been in love with Arjun all this time. Aisha realises that she has been selfish and arrogant all along, playing with the emotions and feelings of her friends. She goes back to her best friend, Pinky, and apologizes for her actions. Dhruv and Aarthi get engaged, but Aisha chooses not to attend since she thinks that Arjun will be there with Shefali. After a late night conversation with her father, Aisha decides spontaneously to go to the engagement and declare her feelings to Arjun. She meets Shefali, who tells her that love cannot be forced or planned, and also reveals that she has found her love in Saurabh, her childhood friend whose proposal she had previously turned down. Later that night, Arjun and Aisha meet and reminisce about their childhood and friendship, and ultimately declare their love for each other. The movie ends one year later, at Dhruv and Aarthi's wedding, where Aisha states that love is spontaneous and never goes according to plan.
Premi	Bengali	romance	Rabi Kinagi	This movie is a remake of Telugu blockbuster movie Nee Sneham (English: Your Friendship) (2002) Directed by Paruchuri Murali starring Uday Kiran, Aarti Agarwal, Jatin Grewal Rahul and Sumit are best friend and are footballers by profession. To save Rahul from an accident Sumit injuries his leg and becomes unable to play football. Rahul makes a promise to Sumit that he could fulfill Sumit’s dreams by becoming a great football player. One day Rahul meets Puja in a taxi and falls in love at first sight. Puja lives with her grandmother and grandfather. Meanwhile Puja also meets Sumit, whom she admires for his strength grit even being an invalid. Puja and her friends go to Goa and there they are joined by Rahul & his friends who had come there for a football match. Both Puja & Rahul becomes friend. But Puja is getting married to somebody else. Puja's marriage is cancelled as somebody accuses Puja as having an affair with Rahul. Puja’s grandfather cannot bear this shock & dies. This makes Puja misunderstand & hate Rahul. Rahul tries to help Puja secretly. Whenever she lands in any kind of trouble Rahul helps her and & even steals money from his father to help Puja. Rahul remains in the background & only contacts Puja via letters, where he address himself as a friend. Puja falls in love with this secret friend and is desperate to meet him. On the day of Holi Puja mistakes Sumit, as the secret friend & thrilled with joy she sends a marriage proposal to Sumit's home through her grandmother. Their marriage is finalised. Rahul is heartbroken to see his lady love marrying his best friend but he cannot say anything to Sumit as he is still is indebted to Sumit for saving his life. Puja is angry at seeing Rahul & tells him to stay away from her new life. Finally all misunderstandings are cleared and Rahul marries Puja.
Nenjil Jil Jil	Tamil	romance	Selva	The film is about a group of people who win a competition and are taken to London for a free trip. Thus the beginning appears promising. The group includes hero Anand (Navdeep) and heroine Priya (Aparna). But the joyous journey sours when the lead pair which falls in love at the beginning of the holiday. Enters Rishi (Manish), a tourist guide for London. He resolves to separate the lovers and plans to marry Priya. rest is a cat and mouse game between Anand and Rishi and how their love win all problems. There are also two people who separate him.They have already loved but have been separated and so they hate love. They decide to split them up so that they win the competition against Priya and Anand. In the end they tell them the truth and Priya and Anand reunite.
Un Samayal Arayil	Tamil	romance	Prakash Raj	Kalidasa (Prakash Rai) works in the state archaeological department and is a food lover, he is 45 years old and remains unmarried. His only companion is his cook, Krishna (Thambi Ramaiah). Naveen (Tejus) is Kalidasa's nephew who comes to stay with him while looking for a job. Kalidasan has a normal life until he gets a misdialed phone call from Gowri (Sneha), a dubbing artiste living with her friend Meghana (Samyukta Hornad). Gowri rings to order a Dosa from a restaurant, but gets Kalidasan instead. Their conversations do not go well at first, but a long-distance romance develops due to their common interest—cooking and food. Kalidasan is a born gourmet while Gowri is indulging in culinary activities in memory of her dead mother. Kalidasa starts to let Gowri into the secrets of baking with a multi-layered cake called Joan's Rainbow. Kalidasa and Gowri both get the jitters before their first face-to-face meeting, as each becomes conscious of their own physical appearances, and both decide to send younger and better looking substitutes instead, Naveen and Meghana. When they meet, neither Naveen nor Meghana realises that the other person is a substitute, since they introduce themselves as Kalidasa and Gowri respectively. Naveen thinks that Kalidasa is actually in love with Meghana while Meghana thinks that Gowri is in love with Naveen. They attempt to sabotage their older counterpart's relationship by telling Kalidasa and Gowri respectively that the person they met would be unsuitable for them due to huge age difference and personality type. Kalidasa and Gowri try to forget each other and end up feeling sad for a long duration of the movie. Finally, Kalidas gives in to his loneliness and calls up Gowri and they both decide to meet face to face. Both of them decide to meet each other honestly to get it over with. Naveen and Meghana, who by this time had started to develop feelings for each other, are confused worried upon hearing this as they are afraid their true identity will be revealed to the other person. Naveen finally admits to Meghana that he is not the real Kalidasa and Meghana too explains her side of the story. They both realise the confusion and call Kalidasa to apologise and narrate all the incidents unknown to them. Kalidasan and Gowri finally meet each other at the planned museum and their relationship begins.
Poran Jai Jaliya Re	Bangladeshi	romance	Sohanur Rahman Sohan	The film follows the journey of a young man named Rabin (Shakib Khan), who meets three women at different stages of his life
Enchantment	American	romance	Irving Reis	In World War II London, a bold American servicewoman named Grizel Dane (Evelyn Keyes) pays a visit to her granduncle, aged General Sir Roland 'Rollo' Dane (David Niven), looking for a place to stay. At first reluctant to disturb his routine, Rollo soon gives in. Interspersed flashbacks reveal the history of the Dane family. The first takes place when Rollo (Peter Miles) is a child. He and his older siblings, Selina and Pelham (Warwick Gregson), are introduced to Lark Ingoldsby (Gigi Perreau) by their father (Colin Keith-Johnston). He explains that her parents have been killed in a railway accident and that she will be living with them as a member of the family. Selina immediately resents the newcomer. The second flashback occurs when the children have grown up. Roland's father has died, leaving Selina (played as an adult by Jayne Meadows) in charge of Lark (Teresa Wright), whom she treats more like a servant than a member of the family. Rollo (David Niven) returns on leave from the army. When Lark asks Pelham (Philip Friend) for a dress, the first that would not be a hand-me-down from Selina, he realizes that she is growing up and invites her to a dance. She becomes acquainted with the Marchese Guido De Laudi (Shepperd Strudwick), a business associate of Pelham's. In the last flashback, Lark is being courted by the Marchese. Pelham unexpectedly reveals his love for her with a kiss, but her reaction makes it clear that she does not love him. Rollo surprises everyone by returning early from his latest posting on Lark's birthday. Rollo and Lark finally acknowledge their love for each other, but Selina has other plans. She has arranged for General Fitzgerald (Henry Stephenson) to appoint Rollo to his staff for a five-year mission to Afghanistan. However, Lark refuses to wait that long, living uneasily with both Selina and Pelham. When Rollo is indecisive, she goes up to her room. Rollo makes his choice; he hastens to refuse the appointment, but Selina confronts Lark, telling her that Rollo has decided to take the job. When he does not return by the next morning, Lark is convinced and leaves to marry the Marchese. Rollo returns too late, finding only a letter Lark wrote in which she says, Selina was right. Furious at his sister's malicious meddling, Rollo vows never to enter the house again while she lives. In the story set in World War II, ambulance driver Grizel transports injured Pilot Officer Pax Masterson (Farley Granger) to a hospital. Later, she is surprised to find him in the general's house. It turns out he is Lark's nephew. While he waits for the old man to return home, Pax and Grizel become acquainted. As time goes on, they start falling in love. When Pax receives his orders, he asks her to marry him, but she is daunted by the uncertainties of war. As Pax is leaving, Rollo hands him a telegram addressed to him; it announces that Lark died the month before. Rollo talks to Grizel and persuades her not to throw away the chance for love as he did. She runs after Pax in the middle of a bombing raid and embraces him. While she is away, a bomb demolishes the house and kills Rollo.
Sunday Dinner for a Soldier	American	romance	Lloyd Bacon	A poor family in Florida saves all the money they can in order to plan a Sunday dinner for a soldier at a local Army airbase. They don't realize that their request to invite the soldier never got mailed. On the day of the scheduled dinner, another soldier is brought to their home and love soon blossoms between him (Hodiak) and Tessa (Baxter), the young woman who runs the home.
Prem Bandhan	Bollywood	romance	Ramanand Sagar	Adivasi Mahua lives a poor lifestyle in a fishing village along with her widowed dad. One day, the local Poojary comes across a seemingly menacing looking male, feeds him, and asks Mahua's dad to look after him. This male has no memory and they name him Kishan. Shortly thereafter, Mahua and Kishan fall in love and get married. After about 2 months, Kishan goes to the city and does not return home. A frantic Mahua and her dad go to the Police as well as to the city to search for him, albeit in vain and return home. Mahua continues to worry about Kishan and sets out on her own to try to locate him. She meets with a doctor who informs her that he recalls treating a male fitting Kishan's description and gives her his Bombay address. Mahua travels to Bombay and locates Kishan's house. This is where she will find out that Kishan now calls himself Mohan Khanna, who is very wealthy, lives in a mansion but who now refuses to recognize her, and is about to get formally engaged to equally wealthy Meena Mehra.
Anari	Bollywood	romance	Asit Sen	Raj (Shashi Kapoor) and Poonam (Sharmila Tagore) are sweethearts cursed with extreme poverty. Raj must provide for his family, and arrange for his sister's marriage. Poonam fights for pennies to nurse her ailing mother, while her father drinks away his earnings. A job offer takes Raj away into a world of wealth and intrigue, but creates a situation where both parties lose their moral compass.
2 States	Bollywood	romance	Abhishek Varman	Krish Malhotra (Arjun Kapoor), a fresh Engineer from IIT Delhi, now a student pursuing his MBA at the IIM Ahmedabad, Gujarat, comes from a troubled, rich family of Punjabi heritage. He meets his classmate Ananya Swaminathan (Alia Bhatt), economics topper in her college, who comes from a conservative Tamil Brahmin family. Krish and Ananya, initially quarrel, but soon become friends and start studying together. Soon they begin dating, and stay together for their next 22 months on the IIM campus. Krish confides in Ananya that his real passion is writing, which he wants to pursue a career in. They both have become close to each other and fall for each other during the stay in IIM. Krish gets selected in the campus drives for Yes Bank. He immediately rushes to the next room and proposes to Ananya, in the middle of her interview. She accepts and then gets selected for Sunsilk. When they complete their graduation, Krish and Ananya decide to get married. They introduce their parents to each other at the convocation ceremony. To their dismay, Krish's loud Punjabi mother Kavita (Amrita Singh) does not get along with Ananya's reserved Tamilian parents Radha (Revathy) and Swaminathan (Shiv Kumar Subramaniam). After graduation, Ananya begins her marketing job in her hometown Chennai and Krish goes back to his own hometown Delhi, with the choice of workplace in his own hands. Krish's brash family urges him to stay in Delhi and try to discourage him from his interest in writing. They also criticize his relationship with Ananya, and tell him to get into an arranged marriage with a Punjabi girl. It is also evident that there is tension between Krish and his rich alcoholic father Vikram (Ronit Roy). Krish leaves his dysfunctional family and starts his banking job in Chennai. During this time, he tries very hard to win over Ananya's family. He tutors her younger brother for IIT entrance exams, gets her mother an opportunity to sing at an event for his workplace and helps her father create his first PowerPoint presentation. After all his effort, Ananya's family agrees to the marriage with Krish. Krish and Ananya then travel to Delhi to win over Krish's family. Initially, Kavita and her family are hostile towards Ananya but come to like her after she saves Krish's cousin's wedding from being canceled due to a dispute over dowry, she is also accepted. Krish and Ananya decide to take a vacation to Mumbai with their families before the wedding. The vacation does not go as planned when Kavita makes continuous snide remarks about Tamilian culture. Furthermore, Ananya and her parents overhear Krish falsely assuring his mother that she can treat Ananya however she wants after they are married. Having had enough of the insults, Ananya breaks up with Krish and both return to their respective hometowns. Krish and Ananya find it hard to live without each other. Sometime later, he gets a call from Ananya, who reveals that Krish's father had come down to Chennai to speak to her parents, apologizing for his wife's shallow behavior. This allows for Krish and Ananya to finally get happily married. They become parents to twin boys and Krish resigns from banking and, publishes his book 2 States based on his and Ananya's life.
Born To Love You	Filipino	romance	Jerome Pabocan	The film centers around Joey Liwanag (Angeline Quinto), a poor girl who works as a part-time tourist guide for Koreans and likes joining amateur singing contests with her two younger siblings to help her family cope with financial problems. Despite the hardship and low probability, Joey works hard to save up money in order to go to Korea, and meet her real father who has abandoned her when she was very young. Rex Manrique (Coco Martin) is a frustrated, very arrogant and hot-tempered photographer who is out to prove to the world that he can stand on his own feet and succeed in life independently. However, the ladder of success seems to be impossible for him as he faces different complications and rejections in life, as well as his career. The moment Rex and Joey encountered each other in a Korean wedding, these two grew a big misunderstanding and hatred towards each other, making it hard for the two of them to get along in the first place. Things get more out of hand when Rex was hired in an advertising company where Joey was also working for—this time, as a translator. As they got to know each other, they found solace and comfort in each other's company. But the security that they found in each other soon starts to shake when life takes another course and drives them into a complicated situation. Joey finally meets her biological father, while Rex struggles finding acceptance and forgiveness for her Mother who abandoned her for another man when he was still a young boy. Although Rex cuts off their relationship, Joey tries everything that she could to help him go through his own challenges and promises Rex that she will never leave him. But when Rex finally figures out the answers to his questions and his purpose in life, he and Joey get into a car accident making Rex decide to leave Joey and his family behind and start a new life. After a couple of years of investigation, Joey finally finds Rex in an island in Batangas and confronts him about their relationship which they broke off unofficially. At the same time, Joey finds out that Rex turned blind after saving her life in the accident and Rex himself found forgiveness in his heart. The movie ends during Rex and Joey's wedding celebration.
Thottal Poo Malarum	Tamil	romance	P. Vasu	Ravi (Sakthi), a happy-go-lucky youngster, falls in instant love with Anjali (Gauri Munjal), his college mate. Anjali's mother Periya Nayagie (Sukanya), a rich and an arrogant entrepreneur, tries to play spoilsport in their romance. She arranges for her daughter's wedding with the son of her brother and a dreaded and kind-hearted gangster Varadharaja Vandaiyar (Raj Kiran) in Mumbai. Ravi goes to Mumbai. He hides his true identity and manages to gain an entry into Vandiyar's family. Having won their confidence, Ravi sets himself on a mission to marry Anjali.
Junglee	Bollywood	romance	Subodh Mukherjee	Chandrashekhar/Shekhar (Shammi Kapoor) belongs to an aristocratic family, run by Shekhar's domineering mother (Lalita Pawar). He completes his education in London and comes back to run his business. In his family, people shouldn't talk more than needed and laughter is completely prohibited. Shekhar follows all those rules strictly from the heart, but his younger sister Mala (Shashikala) is not like him. She laughs and roams freely and even falls in love with Jeevan (Anoop Kumar), who works in her brother's company. When her mother finds out that Mala is in love with a common man, she asks her son to take her away to some distant place and make her forget this man. Shekhar agrees and takes Mala to Kashmir. There he meets the charming and lively Rajkumari (Saira Banu), daughter of a local doctor and gets attracted to her. But he remembers his mother's expectations that he should marry a girl from the aristocratic family and maintains a distance with Rajkumari. But one day, they both get stuck in a snowstorm for two days, which gives him enough time to grow closer to her. In that time, he understands what is important in life and becomes a carefree man. Meanwhile, Mala, who was actually pregnant before they came to Kashmir, gives birth to a son. Rajkumari and her father maintain the secret from everyone and from her brother. They come back to their home and his mother gets shocked by seeing the carefree and changed Shekhar. He even tells her about his love, but she mistakes that name of Rajkumari for a real princess. When she comes to know that she is not the princess, she decides against the marriage. But after some drama, she too comes to know that real value of people lies in their hearts, not in titles, and she accepts Rajkumari as her daughter-in-law. It gets revealed that Mala secretly married Jeevan a year ago and their son was legitimate. Everyone accepts Jeevan into their home and laughter comes back to their home.
Yuvan Yuvathi	Tamil	romance	G. N. R. Kumaravelan	Kathirvel Murugan (Bharath) is a software engineer in Chennai. He shares his room with friend Sakkarai (Santhanam). Kathir hails from Usilampatti but wants to project him as city-bred and his ambition is to settle in USA. Kathir's father Sevaka Pandian (Sampath Raj) is against his son's attitude. An influential local chieftain, he is against inter-caste marriage and love. Kathir meets Nisha (Rima Kallingal), who too wants to go abroad. The latter loses her passport and Kathir helps her find it. Slowly Kathir falls for her. Meanwhile, Sevaka Pandian arranges for his son's wedding with a High Court judge's daughter, Thangameena (Anuja Iyer). In the meantime, Kathir and Nisha get their visa and get ready to leave together for USA. The former thinks that he has escaped from his marriage and when he wants to propose to Nisha, he gets a rude shock. She informs him that she is going to USA for her marriage. In the meantime Kathir's father comes to know about their relationship and kidnaps her. Afterwards Kathir also comes to know about it and saves Nisha but Nisha's marriage gets stopped. Again after 10 months they both meet in the same country again Kathir's doesn't want to see her but his mind changes and tries to make Nisha love Kathir. At last they both fall in love with each other. Now, they return to their hometown for their marriage. Initially Kathir's father doesn't allow. Later Kathir convinces them and they both marry each other making it a very happy ending.
Jaane Tu... Ya Jaane Na	Bollywood	romance	Abbas Tyrewala	The story begins as a flash back in an airport, when Jiggy (Nirav Mehta), Rotlu (Karan Makhija), Sandhya (Alishka Varde), and Shaleen (Sugandha Garg) offer to tell Mala (Renuka Kunzru), the unique love story of Jai and Aditi. Meet Jai (Imran Khan), the most non-violent Rajput ever. Meet Aditi (Genelia D'Souza), a.k.a. ‘Meow‘, a highly aggressive, impulsive girl. She abuses and scratches people (hence the name Meow). Despite their differences, Jai and Aditi are college-going best buddies. Jai and Aditi are perfect for each other. Their friends know this. Their parents know this. Everybody but the two themselves know this. Aditi dreams of a virile, macho husband, while Jai wants a sweet, romantic girl. Since the two of them don't believe that they are in love, after finishing their college they start to hunt for a perfect life partner. Jai falls in love with Meghna (Manjari Phadnis) in a club where two rough boys( psychos )were misbehaving with her. He rescues her cleverly, not by fighting but by tricking the two psychos, thus winning Meghna's heart. When Meghna and Jai get close to each other, Rotlu, Jiggy, Sandhya and Shaleen are happy, but nobody notices that Aditi is missing Jai's company. Meghna informs Jai that her parents squabble but cannot live without each other. Jai visits Meghna's parents and sees that her father is an alcoholic and while Jai goes to meet Meghna's parents, he misses Aditi's surprise birthday party, whereby Aditi's feelings are hurt by his absence. Later, feeling deserted, Aditi gets engaged to her father's friend's son, Sushant Modi (Ayaz Khan). She sees in him the macho man she always wanted. However, Sushant is also a spoilt playboy. Aditi's brother, Amit (Prateik Babbar), tries to make her see who Sushant really is but Aditi thinks that Jai loves Meghna and continues her relationship with Sushant. At Jiggy's birthday bash, Aditi introduces her fiance to everyone and then everybody dances to music, but she feels jealous when she sees Jai dancing with Meghna, and Jai is upset that Aditi is engaged to Sushant. and then in the middle of the dance, Sushant thinks Aditi is crying because she likes him and kisses her. When Jai sees Sushant kissing Aditi, he stops dancing abruptly. Meghna tries to cheer him up, but it just results him in becoming more angry,so he shouts at Meghna. Meghna breaks down and tells Jai about her parents break up and extra marital affair which has affected her psychologically. The next day, Jai breaks up with Meghna whereby she is shattered and leaves with a goodbye kiss. As for Aditi, she is under duress from Sushant, who slaps her on her face, leaving a bruise and she tells Sushant she wants to break the engagement and go to NY to study alone (secretly wanting to return to Jai). Aditi breaks up with him and decides to go to the USA to study film-making at New York University's Tisch School of the Arts. When she meets Jai he spots the bruise on Aditi's face and contrary to his usual non-violent nature, he thrashes Sushant for daring to lay a hand on her. Inspector Waghmare (Paresh Rawal), (Ratna Pathak), arrests Jai for thrashing Sushant and puts him behind the bars. There, he meets again the two rough psychos who were harassing Meghna in the club. The threesome in jail find out that they are closely related cousins, separated in childhood. They tell him that for a boy to become a man in their Rathore clan, he must complete three conditions: 1.) Thrash someone 2.) Get arrested 3.) Ride a horse. In the meantime, Aditi makes her way to the international airport for departure to USA. Bhaloo and Bhageere, who are Jai's rich cousins, use their influence to bail out Jai after which, Jai rides a horse, borrowed from his cousin, and heads direct towards the airport to stop Aditi from leaving, thus he fulfills all three conditions of rathore clan. He finds Aditi at the airport lounge and sings the song – Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na which is the film's theme song-for her, which is the same song that Jai had said in the beginning he'd sing for the love of his life. Aditi, delighted, hugs him and cancels her US trip. Airport security cop Inspector Prakash, on finding that Jai is not a terrorist, lets him go, but with a warning. Rotlu, Jiggy, Sandhya and Shaleen conclude the story and welcome Jai and Aditi, just returning from USA after 5 years, at the airport. Mala gets extremely delighted to see them and introduces herself as Jiggy’s girlfriend and they leave the airport together, living happily ever after.
Romeo	Bengali	romance	Sujit Mondal	This story is set in the backdrop of a village where Pooja (Subhashree Ganguly) grows under the shade of her doting father Chatterjee (Kaushik Banerjee) who takes care of everything for her and she is equally attached to him. She comes to Kolkata for her further studies and stays at her uncle Dibakar's (Biswajit Chakraborty) house. There, her cousin Swati has a group of friends and one among them is the happy and playful Siddhartha, or Siddhu (Dev). Siddhu is a big Casanova among girls and though he always has a smile on his face, there is a sad past as his mother Nandini (Laboni Sarkar) is living separately from his father Aviraj Roy (Sabyasachi Chakrabarty). Actually, both of Siddhu's parents had a love marriage. Eventually, both Siddhu and Pooja fall in love and the time comes for Siddhu to ask Pooja's hand in marriage. Mr.Chatterjee says that if Siddhu can unite his parents and get them together, he would be willing to accept the proposal. From then on start the efforts and trials of both Siddhu and Pooja to get Aviraj and Nandini together. One night, when Aviraj is driving Siddhu to his mother's home, they talk about when his parents separated. His father understands his feelings and what he's trying to say, and his father answers that he couldn't have done anything,his mother just left him. To this Siddhu answers, No, you should have gone after her. You should have never let her go. Even after this talk with Aviraj, Pooja and Siddhu have lots of failures, but eventually Siddhu unites his parents together and Pooja's father, Chatterjee, also unites the other lovers, Pooja and Siddhu.
Ek Haseena Thi Ek Deewana Tha	Bollywood	romance	Suneel Darshan	Young and naive Natasha starts a chain of events when she creates a dilemma for herself. She sets off for her destination wedding with fiance, Sunny, to her ancestral property Mt. Unique Estate, only to fall helplessly in love with its stud farm keeper Devdhar. Consumed by his robust yet poetic, aggressive yet persistent advances, she realises that his arms were the ultimate destination of her dreams. But who really is Devdhar? A conman hired to destroy her bliss, a supernatural being or just a figment of her imagination? Torn between her lover and the one she dares to love, Natasha learns that love is the deadliest deception when she is engulfed in a vortex of devastating upheavals that leaves all those touched by its intensity heartbroken and in a state of bewilderment.
Mr. Lucky	American	romance	H. C. Potter	Swede (Charles Bickford) rows up to a public dock in a dinghy. He hides when he spots a young woman who walks to the end of the pier. When a new night watchman (an uncredited Emory Parnell) notices her, Swede stops him from bothering her. The sailor begins recounting her story, and the film segues into a long flashback. Joe the Greek Adams (Cary Grant) is a gambler and grifter with a couple of problems. First, he and his treacherous partner Zepp (Paul Stewart) have received draft notices to join the army in preparation for World War II. Fortunately, he has a solution. One of his underlings, Joe Bascopolous, has just died, and his status was 4F (unfit to serve). So one of them can dodge the draft by assuming his identity. They gamble for it; Zepp cheats, but Joe still wins. Zepp fails his physical examination anyway. The other problem is a lack of money to bankroll his gambling ship. He talks the head of the local War Relief organization, Captain Veronica Steadman (Gladys Cooper), into authorizing him to run a charity casino, promising to raise enough money to outfit a relief ship, despite the suspicions of her lieutenant, wealthy socialite Dorothy Bryant (Laraine Day). Eventually, he even charms Dorothy. She tells her snobbish grandfather (Henry Stephenson), to his great dismay, that Joe's the first man I've ever met I'm afraid of. It's exciting. At one point, Joe teaches Dorothy Australian rhyming slang, for example, tit for tat (hat), twist and twirl (girl), storm and strife (wife). Later, he renames his gambling ship the Briny Marlin (darling) in her honor. On the day of the charity ball, Joe receives a letter addressed to Bascopolous. Curious, he takes it to a Greek Orthodox priest for translation. It turns out to be from Bascopolous's mother in Axis-occupied Greece. She wrote to tell her son that when German paratroopers invaded their village, under his brothers' leadership, every man and boy fought to the death. Moved, Joe sits on a park bench, reexamining his life. At the ball, Joe's men use false bottoms in the cashboxes to steal most of the money. Joe has a change of heart and tells his right-hand man, the Crunk (Alan Carney), that the money is going to war relief. But Zepp overhears and forces him at gunpoint to collect the loot. Dorothy accidentally catches them in the act and thinks Joe is a willing participant. To protect her, he is forced to knock her out. Then, the two men start collecting the money. When Zepp briefly looks away, Joe attacks and kills him, but not before getting shot. Joe escapes, leaving behind a trail of blood. Then, he sends the money back to Dorothy via his trusted friend Swede. He loads his ship with the charity's supplies. Later, Dorothy is stricken when a policeman informs her Bascopolous is dead. Then she sees the photograph of the man; it is not her Joe. When the name of the ship Bascopolous worked on is mentioned, she rushes to the dock, just as the ship is leaving for Europe. She begs Joe to take her with him, but he tells her she deserves better and turns away to hide his own anguish. The ship is torpedoed and sunk on the return trip. Dorothy visits the pier each night. The flashback ends. Hoping Dorothy would be present, Swede arranges for Joe to meet him there. When Joe shows up at the other end of the pier, he wants to go out on the town to celebrate their last night in port rather than going back to their ship. Thinking quickly, the guard tells him he cannot leave the dinghy tied up where it is. The watchman settles who has to move it by flipping a coin, assigning Swede heads. Joe loses. When he walks to the end of the dock, Dorothy sees him and rushes into his arms. Joe is taken aback, but then embraces her. Meanwhile, Swede examines the coin: it has two heads.
Yaaradi Nee Mohini	Tamil	romance	Mithran Jawahar	Vasudevan (Dhanush) is from a middle-class family. He makes several bids to obtain employment but all goes in vain due to his poor language skills and inadequate education qualifications. All his friends settle in life, but he continues to struggle in finding work. Vasu has two faithful friends in Cheenu (Karthik Kumar) and Ganesh (Karunaas). His father (Raghuvaran), who is a teacher, is always critical of him for being an irresponsible person. This adds to his woes. At this juncture, Vasu glimpses a woman named Keerthi (Nayanthara) and immediately falls in love with her. He learns that she works for a software solutions firm. Luckily for him, Vasu secures employment in the same firm. Keerthi eventually turns out to be a short-tempered young woman. On a business trip, Vasu accompanies her with two other colleagues (Jeeva and Manobala), to Australia. Here he reveals his feelings of love to her. She immediately turns him down, saying that she comes from an orthodox family and her marriage has already been arranged with her uncle's son. A depressed Vasu returns to India thereafter. Unable to see his son in depression, his father decides to meet Keerthi. She abuses him for recommending his son's love and accidentally slaps Vasu and his father. Later that night, Vasu's father dies of a heart attack. To help change Vasu's mood, Cheenu persuades him to come to his family house in the country. Coincidentally, on the train journey, Keerthi is revealed to be Cheenu's fiancée. However, their grandfather's (K. Viswanath) thoughts of getting them married earlier are put aside because Cheenu and Keerthi leave the house to have their own identity. This causes heartburn to their grandfather. With the passing of a few days, Keerthi and Cheenu's parents decide to get them married to appease their grandfather. After several turns of events, Keerthi realizes that she is in love with Vasu instead. Vasu asks her to forget him because he believes that it would create problems in their happy family. Cheenu overhears their midnight conversation. During the wedding, Cheenu tries to force Vasu and Keerthi to confess their relationship to everyone. But when they hesitate to do so, Cheenu stops the marriage himself, by lying to his elders that he has a secret wife in Chennai. When Cheenu comes under fire from his relatives, Vasu tells them the truth and is driven out of the house. He is joined only by the grandma of the house, who agrees to accompany him as she reminds Vasu of his late father. In time, the rest of Cheenu and Keerthi's family comes to stay with him for a few days. But Cheenu's grandfather refuses to enter the house, telling Vasu he is still angry with him and needs time to change himself somehow. The movie ends when Vasu and Keerthi become a happy couple and live together happily.[2]
Last Chance Harvey	American	romance	Joel Hopkins	Divorced American Harvey Shine writes jingles for television commercials, a job not in keeping with his dream of being a jazz pianist and composer. His position at work is tenuous as he departs for London to attend his daughter Susan's wedding. Upon arrival at Heathrow Airport, he encounters Kate Walker, a single Londoner who works collecting statistics from passengers as they pass through the terminals. Tired and anxious to get to his hotel, Harvey brusquely dismisses her when she approaches him with the survey. Arriving at his hotel Harvey discovers that he is the only wedding guest booked in there. He is hurt to discover that his ex-wife Jean has rented a house to accommodate everyone who is attending from the States, except him. At the dinner on the night preceding the wedding, it becomes increasingly clear Harvey is now an outsider to his daughter's life and is being excluded from the clan around his ex-wife's new husband Brian. Their politeness towards him is insincere and makes him feel embarrassed and uncomfortable. Harvey tells Susan that he will be attending the ceremony but not the reception because he has to urgently return to the States. Susan replies that, as her step-father, Brian has been more of a father to her in the last few years than Harvey has and that she is going to ask him to give her away at her wedding. Meanwhile, Kate is on a blind date that is not going well. After taking a phone call from her neurotic mother Maggie, she returns to the table to discover that her date has bumped into friends at the bar and invited them to join them. Feeling socially awkward and excluded from the group, she eventually goes home. The following morning Harvey attends the wedding and then leaves immediately for the airport, having been excluded again and seated at the back of the church instead of the front in his true place next to his daughter. Owing to the heavy London traffic he is delayed and misses his flight back to the States. When he calls his boss to advise him he will be returning later than planned he is fired. Needing to drown his sorrows, Harvey goes to an airport bar and sees Kate who is there having a solitary lunch. Recognizing her from the day before, he apologizes for his rude behavior. She initially resists the attention he is paying her but soon they're both glad to finally have an honest, genuine conversation with someone. Harvey, feeling lonely and not wanting to stay in an hotel by the airport, follows Kate and joins her on the train to Paddington station. He asks if he can walk her to her writing class on the South Bank. She accepts his offer and is pleased when he offers to wait for her and meet her afterwards. As they stroll along the South Bank River Thames, Harvey mentions he is missing Susan's wedding reception, and Kate urges him to go. He finally relents, but only if she will accompany him. Kate insists that she is not properly dressed for such an occasion, so Harvey buys her a dress and the two head to the Grosvenor House Hotel, where they are welcomed by Susan and squeezed in at two places on the children's table. When 'the-father-of-the-bride' is called upon to make a toast, Brian rises and begins to speak but Harvey interrupts claiming his right as her biological father. He then delivers a touching, eloquent speech that redeems him with his daughter and endears him to Kate. Following the bride and groom's first wedding dance, the groom calls Harvey up to dance with his daughter. He happily does so, and then all the guests join them on the dance floor. Harvey is enjoying himself on the dance floor and Kate is left at the children's table, finding herself again in the same position as on the blind date. She starts to feel socially awkward and out of place, alone in the room full of strangers. Harvey is dancing and appears to have forgotten Kate. She bears her feelings as long as she can and eventually quietly leaves. Soon after Harvey returns to the table to find her gone. Harvey, now looking for Kate, goes into the corridor and seeing her waiting for the elevator, he disappears into a side room where there is a piano and begins to softly play one of his own jazz compositions. She hears the music and follows it, finding Harvey smiling and waiting for her. He asks her to stay and return to the reception so he can dance her socks off. She agrees and they have a great time together. Following the reception, Harvey and Kate walk and talk through London until dawn. Upon parting they exchange a single, gentle kiss and agree to meet at noon later that day. Back at his hotel, Harvey experiences serious heart palpitations having had to use the stairs as both lifts are out of order. He is taken to hospital. Forced to stay over night for treatment he misses the appointment with Kate, who turned up as agreed and waited for him. Upon being discharged the next day Harvey receives a call from his boss who has discovered that he needs Harvey to continue handling the account at work. He urges Harvey to return as soon as possible. Harvey quits his job, deciding he prefers to remain in London and explore the possibility of a relationship with Kate. He tracks down Kate's work number and calls her to explain but she refuses to take the call. He goes looking for her at the airport and eventually tracks her down at her writing class. He explains why he missed their rendezvous and tells her that he wants to stay in London and begin a relationship with her. Overcautious about romance because of so much past emotional pain, Kate resists, but finally agrees to give things a chance to his suggestion that they see what the future might bring. As they slowly stroll away along the South Bank, Harvey invites Kate to ask him the questions she would have asked him at the airport terminal, and this time, he happily answers, telling her his place of residence ...is in transition.
Raanjhanaa	Bollywood	romance	Anand L. Rai	Kundan Shankar (Dhanush) is the only son of Tamil Hindu Brahmin parents settled in Varanasi. Since his childhood, Kundan has had a strong and obsessive one-sided love for Zoya (Sonam Kapoor), a Muslim girl residing in the other neighborhood, whom he had seen doing namaaz in his teacher's house while he went to collect chandha or donation for Hindu festival, Dussehra. He always attempts to flirt or be around Zoya but gets slapped several times in the process. These acts of courtship from him were being done even without knowing Zoya's name. Zoya finally reveals her name after repeated asking and starts to like him a bit because of Kundan's consistency of affection and tells him to meet at a place. When they meet, she comes to know that Kundan is a Hindu brahmin and starts to avoid again because her family is orthodox, and she is sure that they won't agree for any intimate relationship like marriage. Her family comes to know that Zoya is liking some Hindu guy, and they decide to send Zoya to Delhi for further studies. After Zoya moves to College for further studies forcefully, Kundan tries to impress Zoya's family members by assisting them with small-small home chores. Zoya gets into Jawaharlal Nehru University, Delhi and discovers a long-lost strength as she confronts and then falls for student leader, Akram Zaidi (Abhay Deol). After eight years, Zoya returns to Varanasi, barely recognizing Kundan when she meets him again. Kundan again attempts to ask Zoya for her love but she is reluctant, revealing that she is in love with Akram. She urges Kundan to convince her family about her marriage with Akram. Kundan eventually agrees and gets their wedding arranged, promising Zoya that he will also marry someone else and forget her. He proposes to his childhood friend Bindiya (Swara Bhaskar), who has had a crush on him since childhood. On the day of Zoya's marriage, Kundan finds out that Akram is a Sikh, whose actual name is Jasjeet Singh Shergill. This enrages him, as Zoya had used their religious differences to convince him that their match was not possible. He crashes the wedding ceremony and reveals the truth to Zoya's parents. Kundan is later informed that Zoya tried to commit suicide, and Jasjeet was mercilessly beaten by Zoya's relatives. At the hospital, Jasjeet tells Kundan that Zoya convinced him to portray himself as Muslim to marry her, a plan he should not have agreed to. While with Jasjeet, Kundan forgets about his own marriage ceremony with Bindiya, taking place that day, and is too late when he returns. Hurt and angry, Kundan's family disowns him. Jasjeet's parents take him back to his village. Kundan tries to redeem himself by taking Zoya to Jasjeet's village. There, he is devastated to find that Jasjeet has succumbed to his injuries, finally understanding that his one-sided love has resulted in an innocent man's death. Kundan becomes a homeless vagrant and begins visiting various religious places and volunteering in their activities so that he can atone for his sins. During one such visit, a man advises him to do the right thing rather than run away from his sins. Motivated, Kundan locates Zoya to her university, where she is spearheading the political party All India Citizen Party (AICP), that had been created by Jasjeet. Kundan joins the nearby canteen and serves the party, while trying to get Zoya's attention. Over time, he becomes popular with the party due to his simple nature. They're also impressed when Kundan helps them in negotiating some tough situations by using his simplistic witty tricks. However, Zoya holds a grudge that the person who is responsible for Jasjeet's death is now taking his place. She tries to instigate party members against Kundan but Jasjeet's sister Rashmi (Shilpi Marwaha) tells Kundan to continue, as he is the best choice for fulfilling Jasjeet's vision. Kundan, however, only wants Zoya to forgive him. The Chief Minister tells Zoya that she must get revenge on Kundan. To get back Jasjeet's position, she tells Zoya to let Kundan get injured as he delivers his campaign speech. Zoya apparently seems to get brainwashed by this plan and as the Chief Minister desired, Kundan is hurt badly and sent to ICU, thus fulfilling Zoya's revenge. At a press meet, the Chief Minister denies having any hand in the blast that hurt Kundan. However, Zoya steps forward and reveals that the plan was plotted by her and the Chief Minister and that she is prepared to go to prison for this. Zoya then finds out that Kundan was aware of the plot and still let himself be injured. Shocked, she rushes to the hospital to be with him. In a final voiceover, a dying Kundan wonders about letting go. He says he might have the desire to live again if Zoya called out to him, but then again, everything has become so tiring, he would rather let go and rest (euphemism for dying). He says that he can be born again and again in the same Varanasi, fall in love with a girl like Zoya again, and become a Raanjhanaa (Beloved one) in her love. Then he slowly dies.
Dirty Dancing	American	romance	Emile Ardolino	In the summer of 1963, 17-year-old Frances Baby Houseman is vacationing with her family at Kellerman's,[5] a resort in the Catskill Mountains. Baby, the younger of two daughters, plans to study economics in underdeveloped countries and enter the Peace Corps. Her father, Jake, is the doctor and friend of Max Kellerman, the resort proprietor. Baby develops a crush on the resort's dance instructor, Johnny Castle, and meets his cousin, Billy. The staff holds secret after-hours parties in their quarters, and Baby is surprised by their dirty dancing. Intrigued, Baby receives a brief, impromptu dance lesson from Johnny. Baby discovers that Johnny's dance partner, Penny Johnson, is pregnant by Robbie Gould, a womanizing waiter who is cheating on Baby's older sister, Lisa. Baby borrows money from her father to pay for Penny's illegal abortion without explaining why. Penny eventually accepts the money but identifies another issue. Penny will miss her weekly dance performance if she goes for the abortion, forfeiting Penny's and Johnny's salary for the season. Billy suggests that Baby fill in for her. Johnny's scoffing overcomes Baby's initial resistance. Billy and Penny insist that Johnny can teach anyone to dance. Johnny teaches Baby the mambo, and the two spend several awkward practice sessions together. Baby gradually improves, and they develop a romantic attraction. Billy takes Penny to an abortionist. Johnny's and Baby's performance is mostly successful, although Baby is too nervous to accomplish the dance's climactic lift. Johnny and Baby return to Kellerman's and find Penny in agony. Billy explains that the doctor turned out to be a back-alley hack. Baby brings her father to help Penny. Johnny claims responsibility for her pregnancy out of fear that Penny will be fired if her relationship with Robbie is revealed. Jake treats Penny but forbids Baby from associating with Johnny or his friends. After Baby apologizes to Johnny for her father's behavior, they dance and have sex. At breakfast, Jake tells his family they will be leaving the resort early but relents when they object. Baby continues to see Johnny despite her father's warning. She pulls Johnny off the footpath when her father is nearby, and Johnny is hurt that she will not stand up for him. After Robbie taunts them, Johnny assaults him. Due to his growing feelings for Baby, Johnny refuses payment for sex with another guest, Vivian Pressman. Vivian has sex with Robbie in his cabin, and Lisa accidentally interrupts them. When Vivian leaves the cabin the next morning, she sees Baby leave Johnny's cabin. Over breakfast, Max and Neil Kellerman reveal to the Housemans that Moe Pressman's wallet was stolen. Vivian accuses Johnny of the theft in a fit of jealousy. Johnny is unable to provide a verifiable alibi, to protect his relationship with Baby. To save Johnny from being fired, Baby confesses she was with him. Johnny is cleared of the theft after it is revealed that two elderly guests, Mr. and Mrs. Schumacher, stole several guests' wallets. Max fires Johnny anyway for having a fraternizing affair with Baby. Baby and Johnny embrace and bid farewell to each other, saying they will never regret their affair. Baby pointedly apologizes to Jake for lying about her relationship with Johnny but not for the relationship itself. Baby and her parents watch the end-of-season talent show. Jake gives Robbie a tip in an envelope. Robbie thanks Jake, and reveals that he got Penny pregnant; Jake yanks the envelope back. Staff and guests (including Lisa) are singing the closing song together when Johnny interrupts them to perform the last dance of the season. Johnny leads Baby onstage and makes a brief speech about how Frances has made him a better man. Baby and Johnny dance a more provocative version of their mambo duet, and the other dirty dancers join in. Baby runs to Johnny and executes the elusive lift move they practiced. The dirty dancers pull guests from their seats to join in the celebration. Jake apologizes to Johnny for thinking he got Penny pregnant and reconciles with Baby. All dance joyously to (I've Had) The Time of My Life.
Aa Gale Lag Jaa	Bollywood	romance	Hamid Ali Khan	Jugal Hansraj is a poor boy raised by his uncle Paresh Rawal. Urmila Matondkar is a rich girl raised by her widowed aunt Reema Lagoo. Urmila & Jugal fall in love, but her aunt opposes the marriage on knowing that Jugal is the son of the driver of Urmila's father, who also happened to be his murderer. Jugal's uncle confirms that his real father was indeed in prison, but he was killed on release by a speeding truck. Jugal's dreams are shattered. Suddenly, someone starts killing Urmila's father's business partners. Suspicion points towards Jugal. The murder cases are assigned to a weird Police Inspector Gulshan Grover. After realizing that killer is some third person nobody knows about, the Inspector arranges a trap for him. It is found that the killer is Jugal's supposedly dead father. He tells everybody that the real killers were Urmila's father's business partners who were afraid that her father would expose their frauds. They framed Jugal's father who tried to remove the knife out of his masters body. Before the Inspector can arrest him, Jugal's father finds the last partner in the hospital and kills him. Jugal's father surrenders to the police and the film ends.
 The Accidental Husband	American	romance	Griffin Dunne	Patrick Sullivan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) is looking forward to a life with Sophia (Justina Machado), until she calls into the show by famed love expert and radio host Dr. Emma Lloyd (Uma Thurman). Emma questions Sophia’s concept of romantic love and advises her to break their engagement, which she swiftly does. Patrick is so upset that when he hears that Emma is about to be married herself, he allows his young neighbour, Ajay, to hack into public records and create a fake marriage certificate between himself and Emma. Upon going to the public records office to get a marriage license, Emma and her perfect-gentleman fiancé, Richard (Colin Firth), are told she is already married. Emma sets out to find Patrick and give him annulment papers to sign so that she can marry Richard. Emma finds Patrick in a bar, and their initial meeting ends with her getting drunk. The following day, Patrick comes to Emma's workplace to give her the annulment papers as she is leaving for a wedding cake tasting. Patrick accompanies her to the tasting, where Frau Greta Bollenbecker (Isabella Rossellini) assumes he is Emma's fiancé, Richard. Greta later comes to Emma's book launch because her husband, Herr Karl Bollenbecker, (Keir Dullea) is planning to liquidate Richard's publishing house. Greta meets Emma during the banquet and tells her of the same. Patrick still has the annulment papers, so he comes to the book launch. Matters get worse when Richard sees Greta and Karl with Emma and Patrick, who is posing as Richard, but Richard agrees to go along with it when he learns that Greta thinks Patrick will charm Karl so much that Karl will decide to continue business with Richard. Patrick invites them all to Ajay's Upanayana ceremony. Emma and the other guests have a good time there, and she sees a whole new side of Patrick, who had been repulsive to her so far. There is a slight spark of attraction, but Emma flees the scene before anything can happen. Patrick decides to throw out everything related to Emma or Sophia, but instead reads Emma's book, Real Love. He comes to confront her about the book because he thinks it only points out all the bad things in a relationship. Patrick and Emma continue their argument in an elevator. Suddenly Patrick flaunts his NYS Fire Department badge and asks the other occupants to leave the elevator. He then locks the elevator and proceeds to kiss Emma. Security staff see them through a CCTV in the elevator and ask them to leave. Emma finally has the signed and notarized annulment papers, but she considers calling off her wedding. She goes to Patrick’s lodgings and they make love that night. The following morning, Emma finds all the papers related to her and Sophia in the trash. Patrick then confesses that he had initially wanted to teach her a lesson about love but then fell for her. Emma then goes back to the honorable Richard, who still loves her and says that she wants to marry him. One day before her wedding, Patrick calls her at the radio station and tells her that he loves her. She does not answer him. The next day on her wedding day, she confides in her father, Wilder (Sam Shepard) and asks for his advice. He tells her that the decision is hers. Richard comes to see Emma in the bridal chamber. Richard had also heard the radio show the night before and tells her that he wants her to be happy, and they amicably break up. Emma sets off the church's fire sprinklers in an attempt to get Patrick to the church. Meanwhile, the fire department where Patrick works is called to the church to put out the fire. When Patrick arrives there, Emma and Patrick get married and leave in the fire truck. The final scene shifts to a year later where it is shown that Emma is pregnant and that she and Patrick are still very much in love. The movie ends with a Tamil song Swasame from the movie Thenali in the background.[2]
Moonlight Mile	American	romance	Brad Silberling	Following the murder of Diana Floss in a restaurant in Cape Ann, Massachusetts in 1973, her fiancé Joe Nast elects to stay with her parents. Her father, Ben, is a realtor whose business partner has recently left. Ben and Joe go into business as Floss & Son, as this was their plan before Diana's death. Joe goes to the post office to retrieve all the invitations that had been sent out for his and Diana's wedding, and with the help of Bertie Knox he retrieves seventy-four of seventy-five. She finds the last invitation and takes it to his house later that night. He drops her off at a local bar, and returns home, despite her inviting him in for a drink. Joe and Ben attend a local property fair, and Ben pitches the idea of redeveloping a block in the town to developer Mike Mulcahey. Mulcahey agrees, but they need to get all the tenants to agree. Diana's friends come around to look through her possessions, much to the consternation of her mother, Jojo. They then take Joe out for a drink at the same bar Bertie went to the previous night. Joe puts Moonlight Mile on the jukebox and Bertie dances with him. Joe convinces Ben to let him talk to the bar's owner to convince them to sell. Feeling trapped at the Floss home, he meets Bertie and tells her about Diana. He confesses to her that he had split up with Diana three days before she was killed. Bertie tells Joe about her boyfriend, the owner of the bar, who is lost in Vietnam. One night Joe sneaks out the window to go see Bertie again. They sleep together, and he leaves the next morning, slipping back into Diana's house through the window. Jojo is sitting in the room, drinking, knowing that he was out seeing another woman, and saddened by the idea that she had always known he would have never ended up with her daughter. She does not want Joe to leave, as they have formed a bond. Joe goes to dinner at the Mulcahey's, where Mike's wife presumes aloud that Joe was not still tied up with thoughts of his fiancee's murder. Joe states that this is not the case, upsetting the mood at the dinner table. Mike calls Ben and ends their deal. Bertie confronts Joe about what happened between them, and they have an argument in which he tells her no one believes her boyfriend is coming home and that she deserved better anyway. She leaves, upset. The family attends the trial of Diana's murderer. However, the murderer's wife elicits sympathy from the jury, and the prosecutor, Mona Camp, asks Joe to testify and help the jury gain sympathy for Diana. While on the witness stand, Joe confesses that he and Diana had broken up prior to her death, and had not told her parents. Ben and Jojo are happy with the confession and gain closure. Joe symbolically writes 75 letters expressing his newfound clarity about what course his life ought to take and his love for Bertie, and places them in mailboxes around town, hoping that one will get to her. Ben closes the shop, Jojo resumes her writing career, Bertie sells the bar, and she and Joe leave town.
Somewhere I'll Find You	American	romance	Wesley Ruggles	In October 1941, war correspondents and brothers Jonny (Clark Gable) and Kirk Davis (Robert Sterling) return to the still-neutral United States after being kicked out of Germany. Jonny's boss, isolationist New York Daily Chronicle publisher George L. Stafford (Charles Dingle), refuses to print his story about Japan and Germany's plans for the world, but Jonny tricks him into doing so, and gets fired for his trouble. When Jonny goes to reclaim his old room from friends and landlords Evie (Lee Patrick) and Willie Manning (Reginald Owen), he is annoyed (despite having been away for years) to find they have rented it out to Paula Lane (Lana Turner), an aspiring reporter who wants to work as a foreign correspondent. Ladies man Jonny is very interested in the beautiful blonde, but then finds that his brother already has a relationship with her. A romantic triangle ensues. Despite being in love with her himself, Jonny tries to arrange it so that Paula chooses Kirk. Eventually, they are all reunited in Manila ... on Sunday, December 7, the day of the attack on Pearl Harbor, which brings America into the war. Jonny insists that the other two leave on a ship for Australia, while he remains behind to report for the Chronicle, but they sneak back on the pilot boat after he sees them off. Kirk enlists, while Paula joins the Red Cross. When the Japanese invade the Philippines, Jonny encounters his brother by chance; Kirk is part of a detachment under the command of Lieutenant Wade Hall (Van Johnson) that is assigned to repel a Japanese amphibious landing. Kirk and most of the other defenders die in the fierce fighting. Jonny believes that Paula was also killed, when the hospital where she was working was wiped out, but it turns out she was out escorting a party of wounded there. When they find each other, Jonny sets her at a typewriter and starts dictating the rest of his newspaper story.
Sweetheart	Bangladeshi	romance	Wajed Ali	Bilina (Mim) and Richard (Riaz) belongs to traditional Christian family. Growing up together, Bilina and Richard gets accustomed to each other's accompany. During teenage years, Richard goes to London for higher studies. While Richard is away, Bilina gets to know Jisan (Bappy), who belongs to a Muslim family. As the time passes, their friendship turns to love. However, in the mean time, Richard returns to Bilina and proposes to her, and Bilina accepts due to immense pressure from community and family. Unknown about the feelings Bilina have for Jisan, Richard marries her and soon after, however their marriage remain complicated.[5][6] Jisan, heartbroken by the treachery of Bilina, thinks that Bilina left him because of Richard's wealth, and vows to build an empire of wealth. As the film turns complex, the story of the film revolves around the love triangle between three individuals, whose love turns to utmost hate.[7]
Shall We Dance?	American	romance	Peter Chelsom	John Clark is a lawyer with a charming wife, Beverly, and a loving family, who nevertheless feels that something is missing as he makes his way every day through the city. Each evening on his commute home through Chicago, John sees a beautiful woman staring with a lost expression through the window of a dance studio. Haunted by her gaze, John impulsively jumps off the train one night, and signs up for ballroom dancing lessons, hoping to meet her. At first, it seems like a mistake. His teacher turns out to be not Paulina, but the older Miss Mitzi, and John proves to be just as clumsy as his equally clueless classmates Chic and Vern on the dance-floor. Even worse, when he does meet Paulina, she icily tells John she hopes he has come to the studio to seriously study dance and not to look for a date. But, as his lessons continue, John falls in love with dancing. Keeping his new obsession from his family and co-workers, John feverishly trains for Chicago's biggest dance competition. His friendship with Paulina blossoms, as his enthusiasm rekindles her own lost passion for dance. But the more time John spends away from home, the more his wife Beverly becomes suspicious. She hires a private investigator to find out what John is doing, but when she finds out the truth, she chooses to discontinue the investigation and not invade her husband's privacy. John is partnered with Bobbie for the competition, although his friend Link steps in to do the Latin dances. Link and Bobbie do well in the Latin dances, and while John and Bobbie's waltz goes well, John sees his wife and daughter in the crowd during the quickstep, and is distracted by trying to find them. He and Bobbie fall and are disqualified, and John and Beverly argue in the parking structure. John quits dancing, to everyone's dismay. Paulina, having been inspired by John to take up competing again, is leaving to go to Europe, and is having a going-away party at the dance studio. She sends John an invitation, but he is not convinced to go until his wife leaves out a pair of dancing shoes that she bought him. He goes and meets Beverly at work, convinces her that while he loves dancing, he still loves her just as much, and he teaches her to dance. They go to the party, and John and Paulina have one last dance before she leaves. The end scene shows everyone afterwards: Link and Bobbie are now together; Chic, who was actually gay, dances at a club with his partner; Miss Mitzi finds a new partner, and they are happy together; John and Beverly are back to normal and dance in the kitchen; Vern, newly married to his fiancée, dances with her at their wedding; the private investigator that Beverly hired, Devine, starts up dance lessons; and Paulina, with a new partner, competes at Blackpool, the competition that she had lost the year before.
Girl of the Rio	American	romance	Herbert Brenon	South of the U.S. border, Don José Tostado, a Mexican cabellero, falls in love with Dolores Romero, a dance-hall girl. Owning one of the larger ranches in the area, Tostado is not used to people telling him no. When Romero resists his advances, using a fictional boyfriend as her excuse, this only increases his interest in her, and his attempts to win her favor. As part of that attempt, he plans to throw a gala in her honor. Meanwhile, Romero falls for Johnny Powell, a dealer at a nearby casino. She confides in him that she has no interest in Romero, but doesn't know how to get him to leave her alone. Powell offers to take her away and get married. They make their plans, but before they can carry them out, Tostado learns of them and hatches a plot of his own: he frames Powell for a murder and has him arrested. When Dolores hears that Tostado has paid the jailer to kill Johnny during an escape attempt, she makes a deal with Tostado to give herself to him in exchange for Johnny's life and freedom. Tostado agrees. When Johnny is freed, Dolores makes it clear that she is no longer interested in him, and that she intends to marry Tostado. Dolores leaves with Tostado, heading for his ranch. On the way, she attempts to commit suicide, but is stopped by Tostado, who is startled to discover that she would rather be dead than be stuck with him for the rest of her life. When they arrive back at his hacienda, they are surprised by Johnny, who fights Tostado. When they police arrive, they arrest Johnny, and are ready to execute him summarily, on Tostado's orders. Dolores intercedes on Johnny's behalf, and her pleas have their desired effect. Realizing that he's beaten, Tostado calls off the police, and lets Dolores leave with Johnny.
Unnale Unnale	Tamil	romance	Jeeva	The film opens with two people – a man (Aravind Akash) and a woman – interviewing civilians' thoughts on love and the opposite sex. After a mixture of answers, they cease their questions and the credits roll. The credits end as a boy, after being rejected by his girlfriend, commits suicide by jumping onto a passing car. Karthik (Vinay Rai) walks off disturbed to his girlfriend Jhansi's (Sadha) office. There, he is criticized by her for his antics with other women and his lack of passion for their love. She walks off, ending their relationship. Karthik is then shown as a civil engineer in Chennai, still playful and fun-loving. Accepting a request from his manager to go on a six-month business trip to Melbourne, he bids farewell to his friends Raju (Raju Sundaram) and Sathish (Sathish Krishnan). On the plane, he encounters a playful, flirtatious girl, Deepika (Tanisha Mukherjee), whom he sits next to during the flight. After spending hours together, they become good friends and exchange details. However, by coincidence, Deepika is travelling to Melbourne to work in the same company as Jhansi, who is settled there. Together they seem to conveniently bump into Karthik at every corner, prompting an unwelcome reunion for Jhansi and Karthik. While Deepika takes a liking to Karthik, Jhansi still ignores him, even though he has ambitions of getting back together. At a restaurant, Karthik bumps into a fellow Tamilian Vaidyanathan (Srinath) and explains his love for Jhansi. The story then moves two years back for a flashback of events. Karthik had met Jhansi at a festival at a temple, where she played a prank on Karthik and his friends. Taking a liking to her, Karthik begins to follow Jhansi intentionally, hoping for her to fall in love with him. Soon after this happens, she becomes more and more suspicious of Karthik. This comes to a head when Karthik acts as the boyfriend of Raju's girlfriend Pooja, (Paloma Rao), only for Jhansi to get confused and mistake him. His reputation as a trusting boyfriend takes another turn for the worse, when at a wedding, the bride (Lekha Washington) gives him a kiss after he improvises a song. As the pair have a love-hate relationship, the break-up beckons when Jhansi sends her friend (Vasundra) undercover to go flirt with Karthik. However, he lies claiming he was at home ill, prompting Jhansi to end their relationship. At the end of the flashback, Vaidyanathan suggests to Karthik, that it's more important to move on than think regretfully, and Karthik gets over his relationship with Jhansi. However, finding out about Deepika's love towards Karthik, Jhansi becomes jealous and reinstates her love for Karthik. Soon, as she sees Deepika and Karthik's compatibility and understanding her faulty, she finally understands what went wrong in their relationship. Then, Karthik tells her through a meaningful conversation that he still loves her, not Deepika. After this, Jhansi runs away to Sydney anonymously. At the end of the film, the male interviewer who appeared at the start questions Jhansi on her decision to leave anonymously; however, she refuses to answer at first. Later, she replies that though she still loves Karthik, she was unable to understand him well. She knew it would not work out and she did not want to hurt Karthik further, thus becoming the sole reason for her departure. She then confirms that she met up with Deepika recently, and had found that she is married to Karthik and has a child. She then walks away, claiming her future lies in her own hands, and she is happy the way she is now.
Jab Pyar Kisise Hota Hai	Bollywood	romance	Nasir Hussain	Nisha belongs to a very wealthy family of Neelgaon, India. She is now of marriageable age, and her businessman dad, Sardar Roop Singh wants her to marry his friend's son, Sohan, but Nisha dislikes him. While traveling to Darjeeling with a dance troupe, she meets with her dad's business associates' son, Popat Lal, and after a few misadventures, both fall in love with each other. She takes him to meet her dad where he can also finalize his business transaction, but when Roop comes inside, he finds that Popat has disappeared, and in his place is another man claiming to be the real Popat. Nisha's heart is broken and she starts to hate Popat. She does meet with Popat, who tells her that his real name is Sunder and both had been promised to each other by their respective parents, but Roop had subsequently changed his mind. Nisha believes him and agrees to marry him without her father's blessings. When the marriage is to take place, a man named Khanna comes over and tells Nisha that Sunder is already married to woman named Shanti, who he subsequently killed, and had been the primary accused in this case by the police. Watch what impact this news has on the marriage, and see what excuses Sunder now comes up with.
Qurbani	Bollywood	romance	Feroz Khan	Rajesh (Feroz Khan) was a motorcycle stuntman in a circus and is now a thief, expert in breaking open treasuries. In one such robbery, he is being watched by a jolly but shrewd police inspector Amjad Khan (Amjad Khan). Sheela (Zeenat Aman) is a gorgeous disco club dancer and singer. Rajesh and Sheela are in love. Rajesh has not disclosed to Sheela that he is a thief. An evil brother-sister duo, Vikram (Shakti Kapoor) and Jwaala (Aruna Irani) seek revenge against crime boss Rakka (Amrish Puri), who cheated Jwaala and siphoned her money. Vikram meets Rajesh in jail. Inspector Amjad Khan arrests Rajesh for theft after he is seen by an officer at a traffic accident. The court sentences Rajesh to two years' imprisonment. Sheela is devastated after she realises Rajesh was a thief. Meanwhile, Amar (Vinod Khanna) is an ace crime member in Rakka's gang who revolts against Rakka. He is a widower with a daughter Tina (Natasha Chopra) studying in a boarding school. However, before quitting Rakka's gang, Amar has committed a crime, masked, and inspector Amjad Khan is investigating that case. Amar saves Sheela from a gang of rowdy bikers. They meet regularly as Sheela likes Amar's daughter Tina. Soon, Amar begins to love Sheela, who does not reciprocate because she still loves Rajesh. After a short time, Amar and Sheela get together. Rajesh completes his jail sentence. While returning, he meets Vikram who again reminds him of the deal to rob Rakka. During the conversation, Amar incidentally reaches the site and a fist fight ensues between Amar and Vikram. While fleeing, Vikram swears revenge against Amar. Thus Rajesh and Amar meet for the first time. Rajesh takes Amar to introduce to Sheela; Sheela and Amar pretend as if they do not know each other since they don't want Rajesh to unnecessarily suspect them. Later, Vikram's goons kidnap Amar's daughter and beat Amar, who is hospitalized. In return for Amar and his daughter's safety, Rajesh agrees to do Vikram's job. He nurses Amar back to normal and soon they turn thick friends. Amar promises Rajesh he will support him in this one last robbery. They plan to shift to London after the robbery with the money. They concoct a scheme whereby Amar would steal gold bars and jewellery from a safe, phone the police, let Rajesh take over, get arrested, and get a prison term for about 12 to 18 months. After his release, he will join Amar in the UK. Things don't go according to plan as Rajesh gets arrested for killing Rakka, while Amar and Sheela reach London with the money. Rajesh construes that Amar deliberately framed him so that he can get Rajesh out of the way, keep all the money (as well as Sheela) for himself. Rajesh escapes from jail and reaches London to apprehend Amar. After a brief tussle, Rajesh realizes the truth and that Amar did not frame him. Vikram and his goons reach London to take revenge against Rajesh and Amar. In the climax of the movie, Amar sacrifices his life to save Rajesh, Sheela and Tina from getting killed by Vikram.
Meendum Oru Kadhal Kadhai	Tamil	romance	Mithran Jawahar	The film is the story of Vinod (Walter Philips) and Aisha (Isha Talwar), belonging to Hinduism and Islam respectively, falling in love and the conflict arising out of this.
An Affair to Remember	American	romance	Leo McCarey	Nickie Ferrante (Cary Grant), a well-known playboy, meets Terry McKay (Deborah Kerr) aboard the transatlantic ocean liner SS Constitution en route from Europe to New York. Each is involved with someone else. After a series of meetings aboard the ship, they establish a friendship. When Terry joins Nickie on a brief visit to Janou, his grandmother, when the ship anchors near her home at Villefranche-sur-Mer on the Mediterranean coast, she sees Nickie with new eyes and their feelings become deeper. During their visit, Janou tells Terry that Nickie is a talented painter but destroys most of his paintings because they don't meet his standards. As the ship returns to New York City, they agree to reunite at the top of the Empire State Building in six months' time if they have succeeded in ending their relationships and starting new careers. On the day of their rendezvous, Terry, hurrying to reach the Empire State Building, is struck down by a car while crossing a street. Gravely injured, she is rushed to the hospital. Meanwhile, Nickie, waiting for her at the observation deck at the top of the building, is unaware of the accident and, after many hours, leaves at midnight, believing she has rejected him. After the accident, Terry, now unable to walk, refuses to contact Nickie because of her disability. Instead, she finds work as a music teacher. Nickie has pursued his painting and has his work displayed by Courbet, an art shop owner. Six months after the accident, Terry sees Nickie with his former fiancée at the ballet, which she herself is attending with her former boyfriend. Nickie does not notice her condition because she is seated, and she says hello as he passes her. Nickie learns Terry's address and on Christmas Eve pays her a surprise visit. Although he tries to get her to explain her actions, Terry dodges the subject, never leaving the couch on which she sits. He gives her a shawl that Janou left for her after she died. As he is leaving, Nickie mentions a painting that he had been working on when they originally met, and that it was just given away to a woman who liked it but had no money. He is about to say that the woman was in a wheelchair when he pauses, suddenly suspecting why Terry has been sitting unmoving on the couch. He walks into her bedroom and sees the painting hanging on the wall. The film ends with the two in a tight embrace and Terry saying, If you can paint, I can walk. Anything can happen, don't you think?
Age Jodi Jantam Tui Hobi Por	Bangladeshi	romance	Montazur Rahman Akbar	The film is mainly based on the rural background. This movie contains a triangular romance between a young woman and two young men.[3][7]
Tenshi no Koi	Japanese	romance	Yuri Kanchiku	Seventeen year old high school student Rio Ozawa is always the center of attention due to her beauty. Yet Rio has never cared about anyone but herself due to her traumatic past. Her friends exist only so she can use them for her gains. Rio is only interested in money. She is involved in compensated dating and extortion. One day Rio's photographs get mixed up at the store with those of another person of last name Ozawa. She then meets 35-year-old college professor Kouki Ozawa, and falls in love for the first time. Rio feels confused by her emotions. She changes from a confident, mature person, to something more like a typical schoolgirl with a huge crush. She follows Kouki around, asks him to tutor her and wants to date him. Although Kouki becomes interested in Rio, there is a reason he does not pursue the relationship. However, Rio is very insistent and starts changing her whole world for the better in order to be with him. Suddenly Kouki disappears without saying goodbye and Rio is crushed. Her friends, with the help of Kouki's relative, find him working at another school. Rio then finds out that he is dying of brain cancer, which is why he wanted to keep his distance, in order to avoid breaking her heart. She convinces him to get a risky operation, even if it means he cannot remember her, so that they can have more time together. In the end, he survives the operation and they get together again, though it is not clear if he remembers her.
Half a Bride	American	romance	Gregory La Cava	Patience Winslow (Esther Ralston) is an impulsive thrill-seeking heiress who spends most of her time going from one wild party to another. One night after attending several parties, she smashes her car and spends the rest of the night in jail. The following morning, she comes home and announces to her father (William Worthington) that she just entered into a trial marriage with one of her party companions, a much older man. Concerned about her well-being, her father abducts her aboard his private yacht and sets sail in order to prevent the ill-advised marriage. Angered by her father's actions and determined to escape, Patience arranges for a motor boat to be lowered to the water and she soon takes off across the waves. Captain Edmunds (Gary Cooper), the young skipper of the yacht, follows after her in another motor boat. After catching up to her, Edmunds makes a daring leap into her boat. Just then a storm engulfs the small boat and the helpless couple end up swept ashore and marooned on a desert island in the Pacific. Filled with fashionable notions she learned from popular radio dramas, Patience insists that she and Edmunds enter into a companionate marriage (in name only) and live together as a couple, but without the sexual entanglements. Edmunds agrees, and for three months they live out this civilized arrangement. Over time, however, Patience grows to love the young captain who in turn develops feelings for her. About to declare his love for her, Edmunds reconsiders because of her past actions, despite her insistence that she is no longer the spoiled thrill-seeker she once was. One day they spot a ship which comes to rescue them. After returning to civilization, the young captain wished Patience well, now that she is back among her wealthy friends. Later that night, however, as Edmunds prepares to set sail, Patience returns to him with a minister in tow. Realizing that Patience has changed and that her feelings for him are sincere, Edmunds and Patience are married.[4]
A 2nd Hand Lover	Kannada	romance	Raghav Marasur	An aspiring rockstar with his own band, Ajai (Ajay Rao) comes to Bangalore from his town. He aspires to make it big in the rock music industry. At the same time, he nurses his broken heart for losing his girlfriend (Pranitha) in an accident. He prepares his band to perform in a competition held in Bangalore. En route, he accidentally comes across Anjali (Anisha), a college student who breaks his car's side view mirror. Then begins a series of similar encounters between the two and eventually Anjali falls for Ajai. But Ajai, having a sad past of lost love, is reluctant to reciprocate his love for Anjali. The rest of the plot is about how Anjali wins over Ajai.
Paravasam	Telugu	romance	K.Balachander	Madhava (Madhavan) is a doctor, and a single appearance as hero in a film has made him the heartthrob of thousands of girls. He marries Simi (Simran), but a revelation about his past separates them and takes them as far as divorce. They remain friends though, even going so far as to fix up each other's second marriages. Simi decides to get Madhava married to Chella (Sneha), a nurse at his hospital, while he tries to fix up her marriage with a dancer, Azhagu (Lawrence Raghavendra). In the end, Madhava and Chella's wedding and Simi and Azhagu's wedding are on the same date. Unfortunately, Azhagu then marries his cousin due to his father's greed for wealth. Chella's parents find out about Madhava's past and call off the wedding. In the end Madhava and Simi remarry. Chella marries Kumaran (Vivek), Madhava's colleague, who was interested in her ever since he became Madhava's understudy in the hospital.
Haseena Maan Jayegi	Bollywood	romance	Prakash Mehra	Archana (Babita) moves to a new city along with her widowed father. In college, she meets Rakesh (Shashi Kapoor), son of her father's friend who always teases her. She wants to complain about him to the principal, but by mistake she complains about Kamal (Shashi Kapoor) who looks exactly like Rakesh. Kamal was an orphan and is a very decent fellow. Later, she realizes her mistake and Kamal and Archana grow close. But Rakesh wants to marry Archana and always tries to come between them. At last, Archana takes her father's consent to marry Kamal. Rakesh wants to kidnap Kamal and impersonate him to marry Archana. But his henchmen kidnap him thinking that he is Kamal. Archana and Kamal marry and enjoy their honeymoon at her father's estate. Soon war breaks out and Kamal has to leave for the front. To his surprise, Rakesh has also enrolled in the army in the same battalion. One day, when they both are alone, Rakesh starts fighting with Kamal and it carries on till one of them disappears underwater. Later, the remaining one comes to Archana's estate and they live together for some time. One day Kamal's superior comes to report the death of Kamal. Archana gets confused as her husband has been with her all the time. But his superior tells her that he could recognize Kamal anywhere and says Kamal is dead. Not sure of the identity of the man who is staying with her, she puts him to some tests and concludes that he is not Kamal. But he says that he is Kamal and he came back because of the fear that he had killed Rakesh. Now he is sure that he didn't kill Rakesh as he had died in a battlefield. But no one believes him and he gets arrested. He is about to be sentenced to ten years of jail for cheating and rape, when the real Rakesh appears and testifies that he is the real Rakesh. Everything is settled, Kamal and Archana happily reconcile and forgive Rakesh for his previous misdoings. Kamal later tells Archana that he failed in her tests to prove himself as Kamal because he lived in constant fear of having killed Rakesh.
About Love	Chinese	romance	Zhang Yibai, Yee Chin-yen, Ten Shimoyama	In Tokyo, he is a Chinese computer graphic artist seeking to enrich his exposure while she is a Japanese painter struggling to recover from a broken relationship. This is the simplest and sweetest of the three stories, starting with hidden mutual attraction and ending in their first meeting. This is also the only one of the three stories with a sub-plot (a really glorified use of the term) of his friendship with two other art students, both girls, one Chinese and one Japanese. In Taipei, she is a local girl suffering from a broken heart and he is a Japanese visitor she asks in the middle of the night to help putting up a wall unit. This is the only story with a scene of brief libido drive which, however, quickly subsides. The rest of the story is on his helping her by asking her ex-boyfriend whether there is a chance of getting back together. Among the three, this is the story that plays most on the language barrier thing, with some absolutely hilarious scenes resulting. In Shanghai, he is a Japanese student renting a room from her mother. She probably has a crush on him at first sight but keeps it deeply hidden when she sees how devoted he is to his girlfriend. But when he gets a postcard from the girlfriend ending their relationship, her attraction to him intensifies, although she never reveals it. This is the most poignant of the three stories. Romance aside, this story also takes a quick jab at the maddening scene of urban development of Shanghai.
Chocolat	American	romance	Lasse Hallström	An unnamed female storyteller narrates the story of Vianne Rocher (Juliette Binoche), an expert chocolatier who drifts across Europe with her daughter Anouk (Victoire Thivisol), following the north wind. At the beginning of the Lenten season in 1959, fifteen years after the War, they travel to a quiet French village that closely adheres to tradition, as dominated by the village mayor, the Comte de Reynaud (Alfred Molina). Just as the villagers begin observing the forty days of Lent, Vianne opens a chocolate shop, much to Reynaud's displeasure. Vianne wears more colorful clothing than the village women, is an atheist, and has an illegitimate child. She does not fit in well with the townspeople, but is nevertheless optimistic about her business. Her friendly and alluring nature begins to win the villagers over one by one, causing Reynaud to openly speak against her for tempting the people during a time of abstinence and self-denial. The Comte will not admit that his wife has left him; he is romantically interested in Caroline, but he does not pursue her. One of the first to fall under the spell of Vianne and her confections is Armande (Judi Dench), her elderly, eccentric landlady. Armande is unhappy that her cold, devoutly pious daughter Caroline (Carrie-Anne Moss) will not let Armande see her grandson Luc because Caroline thinks Armande is a bad influence. Having lost her husband, Caroline is overly protective of Luc and does not even want her son to play. Vianne arranges for Luc and his grandmother to see each other in the chocolaterie, where they develop a close bond. Caroline later reveals to Vianne that her mother is a diabetic, though Armande continues to eat the chocolate despite her condition. Vianne also develops a friendship with a troubled woman, Josephine (Lena Olin), who is a victim of brutal beatings by her abusive husband Serge (Peter Stormare). After her husband violently hits her and wounds her head, Josephine leaves him and moves in with Vianne and Anouk. As she begins to work at the chocolate shop and Vianne teaches her her craft, Josephine becomes a self-confident, changed woman. At the same time, under the instruction of Reynaud, Serge, having seemingly changed into a better man, asks Josephine to come back to him. Finally happy and fulfilled on her own, Josephine declines his request. A drunken Serge breaks into the chocolaterie later that night and attempts to attack both women, before Josephine, in a moment of empowerment, knocks him out with a skillet. As the rivalry between Vianne and Reynaud intensifies, a band of river gypsies camp out on the outskirts of the village. While most of the town objects to their presence, Vianne embraces them, developing a mutual attraction to the Traveller Roux (Johnny Depp). Together they hold a birthday party for Armande with other village members and gypsies on Roux's boat. When Caroline sees Luc, who sneaked out to the party, dancing with his grandmother, she begins to see how strict she has been with her son and that his grandmother's influence in his life may after all be beneficial. After the party, Josephine and Anouk fall asleep on a boat, while Roux and Vianne make love. Late that night, Serge sets fire to the boat where Josephine and Anouk are sleeping. Both escape unharmed, but Vianne's faith in the village is shaken. Luc helps Armande home from the party; her death soon after devastates both him and his mother. After the fire, Roux packs up and leaves with his group, much to Vianne's sadness. Serge later visits Reynaud at his home to confess to setting the fire, which Reynaud initially thought was divine intervention: he is horrified at the thought of people almost getting killed as a result. Realizing that Serge is beyond help, and fearing that people would also blame him for the arson, Reynaud demands that Serge leave the village and never come back. With the return of the North wind, Vianne decides that she cannot win against Reynaud or the strict traditions of the town. She decides to move elsewhere. Anouk refuses to go, and during a scuffle, an urn containing the ashes of Vianne's mother falls and shatters. After a moment, Vianne goes into her kitchen to see a group of townspeople, who have come to love her and the way she has changed their lives, making chocolate for the festival Vianne had planned for Easter Sunday. Realizing that she has brought change to the town, she decides to stay. Despite the shifting sentiment in the town, Reynaud remains staunch in his abstinence from pleasures such as chocolate. On the Saturday evening before Easter, he sees Caroline leave the chocolaterie, which devastates him. Convinced now that chocolate will make people stray from their faith, he sneaks into Vianne's house in order to ruin her preparations for the Easter festival. After accidentally tasting a bit of chocolate that fell on his lips, he finally yields to temptation and devours much of the chocolate in the window display before collapsing into tears and eventually falling asleep. The next day, Vianne awakens the chastened mayor, a mutual respect between them is established, and Pere Henri improvises an inspiring sermon. Both the Easter Sunday sermon and the festival are a success, and the storyteller reveals that Reynaud and Caroline start a relationship half a year later. Josephine takes over running Serge's café, which she renames Café Armande. Vianne throws her mother's ashes out the window, and the north wind leaves. The unseen storyteller concludes the story: Roux returns in the summer to be with Vianne, who despite her constant need for change resolves to stay, having found a home for herself and her daughter in the village; and her grown-up daughter Anouk herself is the storyteller.
Buddha Mountain	Chinese	romance	Li Yu	When singing on a pub stage, Nan Feng (Fan Bingbing) knocks a man unconscious. Nan Feng, her boyfriend Ding Bo (Chen Bolin), and another friend eat and drink by the roadside. Nan Feng, Ding Bo, Fatso and Teacher Chang are eating the supper. They are waiting for a train home at Buddha mountain railway station. When they back home, they put 2800 RMB in the suitcase. The repaired car driven by Ding Bo stopped in front of them when they are eating by the road. Then they get in the car and stopped at a destroyed building. By the flashback scenes, we know this building was destroyed by the 2008 Sichuan earthquake. They took a picture helped by a monk in front of the destroyed Buddha temple. Nan Feng, Ding Bo, Fatso and Teacher Chang go to the destroyed Buddha temple. They make some repairing and painting, and hang a bell. In the night, they talk to each other. The monk says his master’s real body is in the temple. Teacher Chang says she has done all she has to do. The next morning Nan Feng and his friends seek Teacher Chang and they find Teacher Chang is on the opposite cliff top. Nan Feng looks down to the cliff to see the train passing by, when she raises her head, she finds Teacher Chang is disappeared. Finally, they know Teacher Chang jumped off the cliff and died.
I Love You	Bengali	romance	Rabi Kinagi	Rahul (Dev) is a rich, city boy, born to billionaire parents and brought up in Kolkata. On the other hand, Puja (Payel Sarkar)is a traditional, simple desi girl, from a village of West Bengal who is brought up by her only brother, Indra (Tapas Paul). He is heartbroken when their father marries another woman and throws them out of the house, humiliating them on the way. Their mother dies and her tomb is built on the small land which they own until the zamindar tells them that it is his land, since their mother had taken a loan from the man. Indra volunteers to work day and night, to pay off the loan as long as they don't tear down his mother's tomb. The Zamindar agrees and the local station master helps them. Slowly Indra and Puja grow up. One day, Barsha, Puja's best friend, comes to their house to invite Puja to their house as she is getting married. Barsha's elder brother Rahul also arrives on the same day from UK, finishing his studies. Slowly Rahul and Puja fall in love but Rahul's father does not bear it as Puja is not as rich as them, and is thus not to their standards; Rahul is also to be married to Rahul's father Shantonu Chowdhury's business partner's daughter, Mona. Shantonu Chowdhury humiliates Puja as well as Indra, who arrives a minute before, and both are thrown of the house after Shantonu Chowdhury accuses them of trying to entice and trap Rahul. When Rahul learns of this, he goes to Puja's house and pleads to her brother to accept him. Indra gives him a chance, just like he was given a chance by the Zamindar when he was little. Rahul is tasked to take care of the cows, clean up after them and grow more crops than Indra by the end of the season; if he does not, Rahul will be thrown out of the village and can never see Puja again. A village boy who was beaten up by Indra earlier, he doesn't bear it. With his goons, Mona's father trying to get Rahul to lose the competition, Rahul has to work hard for his love, eating red chillies and rice everyday, even though he can't bear it. Through many antics from the Village goons side and Mona's side, Rahul eventually proves his love for Puja to Indra, and succeeds in growing more grains. However, the village goon kidnaps Puja and then later tries to rape her. A fight takes place in which Rahul kills the goon, Indra, after realizing that Rahul and Puja should be together, takes the blame for this and spends 5 years in prison. The movie ends with Indra's release from prison which is also when Puja and Rahul get married, in everyone's presence. Shantonu Chowdhury also becomes happy to get Puja as daughter-in-law.
Bobby	Bollywood	romance	Raj Kapoor	The story is about the love between two Mumbai teenagers of different classes — Raj Nath (Rishi Kapoor), the son of a rich businessman Mr. Nath (played by Pran), and Bobby Braganza (Dimple Kapadia), the daughter of a poor Goan Christian fisherman Jack Braganza (played by Prem Nath). Raj son of wealthy Mr. Nath returns from his boarding school. Upon his return, his parents throw a party to celebrate his birthday. His governess as a child Mrs. Braganza comes to wish him with her grand daughter Bobby, whom Raj notices among the crowds attending his party. Mrs. Nath (played by Sonia Sahni) ignores Mrs. Braganza, which leads her to leave the party with her grand daughter in a rush. Raj opens his gifts the next day and finds Mrs. Braganza’s gift, so he decides to go and meet her. Reaching there, her grand daughter Bobby opens the door for him, and it is love at first sight for him. During that visit he mixes his book with Bobby’s, so he goes to meet her at the library to exchange the books, and from that both start their friendship. Raj and Bobby decide go to see a movie but find out it is full house. Then Raj gets an idea to go to a party. At the party, Bobby sees Raj talking to Nima (played by Aruna Irani) privately and thinks he is in love with her. As the story progresses, Raj realises that his relationship with the daughter of a poor fisherman is not taken kindly by his eccentric father. Upon Raj's insistence, Mr. Nath invites Jack Braganza to initiate talks of Raj and Bobby's wedding. But instead, Mr. Nath insults him, and accuses Jack of using his daughter's beauty and charm to trap Raj for his money. He later offers Jack cash to stop Bobby from seeing Raj. Jack feels highly humiliated by this accusation and reciprocates by insulting Mr. Nath. Their talk enters a deadlock and spells doom for Raj and Bobby's tender love. Mr. Nath engages Raj to a mentally challenged wealthy girl, Alka (Farida Jalal), to establish business ties with her rich father. But Raj runs away from home in order to unite with Bobby. They run away together. Mr. Nath advertises a reward for anyone who can help find his son. Prem Chopra (Prem Chopra) decides that he wants the money, and he and his goons kidnap Raj and Bobby. When they try to escape, Prem starts beating Raj. Mr. Nath and the police come to help, and they find Jack already there attempting to help Raj. Raj and Bobby run away from their fathers and jump over a waterfall. Mr. Nath and Jack jump into the water after them. Mr. Nath rescues Bobby, while Jack rescues Raj. They realize that they love their children very much and don't want to stand in the way of their happiness. They accept each other's kids as their own and give their blessings to the union.
Chaahat	Bollywood	romance	Homi Bhattacharya	Ashok's mother died soon after delivery, which is considered a bad omen. Ashok's father happens to be an addict of alcohol and more concerned with himself than the child, and in due course remarries. Ashok loves the stepmother so much, that his love and affection is reciprocated by the step-mother, unlike others. Ashok, in the course of time gets a stepbrother Arun. Both the children love each other, surprising all people around in spite of being stepbrothers. Geeta, a girl in the neighborhood, is a constant visitor giving company to both Ashok and Arun. Arun's mother has a brother, always teasing Ashok and trying to poison the mind of his sister, but Arun's mother invariably rebukes her brother and take sides with Ashok, whom she loves more than her own son. As usual, the father happens to come home late in the night completely drunk, tipsy and even rowdy, Very often he assaults his second wife, whenever she cautioned him about his behavior so that both the children may not get prejudiced against him. The children, of course, watched the fathers behavior, realize the miserable plight of their mother and many a time, Ashok gets upset and asks his mother why she does not protest, and the mother pacifies him to keep cool. One night, when the father returned drunk and belabors the mother Ashok comes out of his room and stands between them and protests against the father. Father gets furious against the impertinent son Ashok and in trying to hit the boy slips down the stairs and succumbs to his injuries, Both mother and son get stunned at the suddenness of the fatal accident. However, the mother gives a different report to the police to save Ashok, saying that her husband had an accidental fall being drunk and tipsy before anybody could help him. But Ashok starts developing a complex that he has really killed his own father. Both the children grow up and the girl Geeta too, and they are always seen together as three inseparable friends. Geeta loves Ashok and he becomes aware of it, but they do not recognize the fact that the younger brother Arun thinks that Geeta loves him only. Geeta's affection and tenderness towards Arun is misconstrued as love and he believes that Geeta also loves him and he has no idea that Geeta loves none else but Ashok. Both the families of Ashok and Geeta go for a change to a hill station and Geeta is accompanied by her cousin so that Arun could fall in love with her. Deepavali festival comes in between and the same is celebrated with all pomp and grandeur and as luck would have it, a cracker lit by Ashok explodes in Arun's face, and when taken to the hospital, he was declared to have lost his eyesight. This is the second incident in the family that makes Ashok feel responsible and he looks completely shattered and bewildered. Ashok, all the same, devoted more time towards his blind brother to keep him ever cheerful and gay, he employs an Ustad to teach him to play instruments and takes him for other functions to keep Arun busily occupied. One day, Ashok comes to know of the most shocking truth that Arun loves Geeta. Arun even asked Ashok to negotiate with Geeta's parents for the alliance. Ashok is in a dilemma as he and Geeta love each other. How then could he approach Geeta's parents for his brother? But being forced by circumstances, he decides to make a sacrifice. Ashok probes the subject to Geeta, who is equally shocked and expresses that she could never marry Arun, whom she considered as her brother. Ashok gets adamant and disappointed with Geeta and asks her never to visit his house again and consider him dead as far as she is concerned. Ashok tells Arun different stories about Geeta that she is seriously ill and could not propose, and a day comes when Ashok announces Geeta to be dead thinking that time alone will heal the temporary wound that is created by news of Geeta's death. Ashok accompanies Arun to parties and all functions throughout India to keep him away from Geeta. However, Geeta could not guess the reason for the absence of Ashok and Arun from the house. She confesses to the mother who is equally stunned at Ashok fostering the lie not to shock his brother Arun whom, Geeta never loved. She insists that Geeta meet Arun and make a clean breast of the entire situation and avoid further complications and Geeta manages to meet Arun. Arun gets surprised that his brother had told him Geeta was dead. He never could know why Ashok had to tell him a lie. Arun charges Ashok and now even believes that Ashok deliberately killed his father and at the same time, made him blind. Unfortunate as it is, Ashok had no answer.
Ishq Par Zor Nahin	Bollywood	romance	Ramesh Saigal	Amar Doraiswamy is the only child of multi-millionaire shipping company owner who lives in a palatial house in Goa, India. Amar introduces a close, but poor friend, Ram, to his father, who employs him conditionally. Amar falls in love with a woman named Sushma Rai, and asks Ram to pen a love letter and poem for her. Sushma gets to read the letter and the poem, and thinking that Ram is Amar, falls in love with him. She meets him, and he is also unknowingly attracted to her, both feel that they are inseparable soul-mates. Then Ram gets a shock when he finds out that Sushma is Amar's intended and decides to stay away from her. But Sushma has other plans, for she intends to marry Ram at any cost, not realizing that by doing this, she is placing not only Ram's life, but also the lives of two other individuals, namely Uma Devi and Lalit, in jeopardy.
Book of Love	American	romance	Jeffrey W. Byrd	Book of Love is a mockumentary following the unrelated stories of three L.A. bachelors (George, Criss, and Jones) as they recover from a series of unhealthy relationships. The team of average Joes are no match for their manipulative girlfriends (Salli Richardson, Mari Morrow, and Robin Givens), however, and the over eager men are taken for all they're worth. It's this manipulative, self-serving treatment that drives the young bachelors into behaving like dogs themselves. Written and directed by Jeffrey Byrd, Book of Love was produced by both BET Studios and 5th GearEntertainment, and eventually released by Strange Fruit Films.
For the Love of Mike	American	romance	Frank Capra	A baby boy is found abandoned in a Hell's Kitchen tenement and subsequently is raised by three men: a German delicatessen owner (Sterling), a Jewish tailor (Sidney), and an Irish street cleaner (Cameron). They adopt the boy and raise him as their own. The timeline jumps 20 years into their future. The now-grown Mike (Lyon) resists going to college because he does not wish to be a financial burden to his adoptive fathers, however a pretty Italian girl, Mary (Colbert) working at the delicatessen convinces him to go. Mike enrolls at Yale and gains a reputation as a sports hero. He disavows his three fathers, which leads to the Irishman giving him a thrashing in front of the boy's best friends. He begins to associate with gamblers and ends up owing them money. To settle his debts, they demand he purposely lose the school's big rowing match with Harvard. His three fathers and the girl come to support him during the race, and he defies the gamblers and wins the race. His three fathers then come forward to confront and deal with the gamblers.[4]
Ee Sanje	Kannada	romance	Shree	Sanjjanaa plays a dual character in Ee Sanje where the first half has some rural backdrop while the second half has the city life as backdrop. Aarya, a nephew of actor Sudeep, makes his debut.
Say Yes to Love	Bollywood	romance	Mahrukh Mirza Beg	Vijay (Aasad Mirza) is a young, shy boy who is molested by a prostitute which wreaks havoc with his emotions. He develops a fear of falling in love until he meets Sarah Jones (Nazia Hussain), a beautiful girl who brings about a change in Vijay's life.
The Japanese Wife	Bollywood	romance	Aparna Sen	Snehmoy Chatterjee (Rahul Bose) and Miyage (Chigusa Takaku) are pen pal friends who develop a deep and emotional relationship. Eventually, the pair exchange wedding vows through letters. Seventeen years pass but they never meet, yet the bond of marriage is strong between them. This unusual relationship is tested when a young widow, Sandhya (Raima Sen), comes to stay with Snehmoy along with her eight-year-old son Poltu. Snehmoy and the little boy bond and the arithmetic teacher discovers the joy of palpable bonds and fatherhood. He also develops an inexplicable thread of understanding with Sandhya too. Despite this Snehmoy remains loyal to his unseen Japanese wife. When Miyage is disgnosed with cancer and falls ill, Snehmoy takes a long leave of absence from his school and tries to find a cure for her illness. Snehmoy sets out one day during a storm to talk to the closest oncologist in Calcutta, but leaves upon realization that without Miyage physically being there, the doctor can do little. The storm turns violent, with harsh wind and rain. Snehmoy stops to call Miyage, and the exposure to the cold causes him to catch pneumonia when he returns to his house. Due to the continuing storm, no villagers are able to travel to Gosaba by boat to obtain the antibiotics required to cure his infection, and he dies some days later. After the sea calms down, Miyage, who is dressed in a white Sari and has a shaved head - traditional of Hindu widows, visits the house of her late husband. Sandhya welcomes her.
Jodi Breakers	Bollywood	romance	Ashwini Chaudhary	Sid (R. Madhavan), who recently got divorced meets with his friends in Nano's Bar. He is very happy and throws them a bachelor party. But he is sad about the huge alimony payments and more importantly that his ex-wife took the car he loved. A few months later he is a bachelor who works as a divorce managing officer. He meets Sonali (Bipasha Basu), who joins him in his business of splitting couples and they earn well in the process. Together, they are known as the Jodi (Couple) Breakers. Sometimes, they secretly make husband and wife fight with each other, that will result in their divorce. Once they get an assignment by Mrs Parera who wishes to divorce her husband Marc Parera who is cheating on her. She tells him that he is in Greece with his mistress. Sid and Saloni decide to go to Greece where they secretly take photos of the two. In the process Sonali has grown an affection for Sid which Sid is not wary of. One day Sid tells Sonali that it would be better if they saved their marriage instead of helping in the divorce. Sonali agreed to the plan. They call Mrs Parera to Greece and it is also revealed that she is also Marc's business partner and is on a business meeting in Greece. Marc decides to do some business while his mistress whose name is Maggie tells him that she will go to a club named Medusa alone. When nobody was in their villa, Sid and Sonali enter the villa, throw a condom in the dustbin and call a masseuse. Sonali dances in the bar under the name Maggie. When Marc goes to bar Maggie, already bored had left. He heard from the other people that Maggie was amazing and all sorts of things. He goes home finds the condom and the masseuse and angrily walks out. The same night Sid and Sonali also get drunk and have sex. Marc goes to Mrs. Parera's place and sleeps there. It is revealed that Mrs Parera is not Marc's wife, her name is Ira and is Sid's ex-wife who told him what to do in return for no alimony payments anymore and that Maggie is Marc's wife. Sid returns to India and Sonali finds out about Ira and does not work with Sid anymore. Over the next few days Sid realizes he loved her and also finds out that they caused a happy couple to break up and that Maggie is pregnant with Marc's child. Sid talks to Sonali and tells her that he wants to make amends. They reach Madonna's (Marc's grandmother) house and tell her the whole thing. She then gives them her full support. She calls up Marc and Maggie and puts up a whole plan which included them remaining with her together for some days, going to the church where they got married, a party and getting Marc's blood test done. Ira also comes to know of this plan and crashes at the party where Sid proposed Sonali (part of the plan). She lied to him about being pregnant. Sid then confesses everything to Marc and he beats him badly. At that time a doctor whom Sid had called tells Marc that he is HIV positive and the blood test of Ira and Maggie needs to be done. Ira initially resisted and angrily blurted out that Marc never slept with her. Actually she mixed sleeping pills for Marc's drink in Greece and led him to believe that they slept. Madonna angrily slaps her and tells her to get out. Marc and Maggie reconcile. Sid then tells Sonali that he loved her and they share a kiss.
Tholaipesi	Tamil	romance	K. Paneer Selvam	The movie revolves around Vedachala alias Veda (Vikramaditya), who continues to lead a playboy life even after his marriage with Anita (Priyanka). Thanks to his cellphone, Anita comes to know of his illicit affair with Reema (Divya). Life takes a turn for Veda. Did he set his house in order forms the crux.
Gharjamai	Bengali	romance	Anup Sengupta	Mahim Ghoshal is a conspiring manager of businessman Amar Banerjee. While Amar banerjee has 2 wives (Mamata & Sabitri) Mahim takes an advantage of this situation. Amar Banerjee has two separate families in two separate places. Mamata feels insecure about Amar's second fiddle Sabitri while Mahim takes advantage of this situation. He advised and influences Mamata to give him ransom so that he may kill Sabitri and his own son Debnath, Mahim sends a killer who brutually knives Sabitri to death. In the heat of the moment the killer shoots and kills Sabitri's friend too. Sabitri's son Debnath and his best friend Sibnath manage to escape from the grasp of the hired assassin with Sibnath's sister Rani. But sadly the 3 children get separated. Debnath becomes Deba Mastan while Sibnath turns out to become Siba. Rani becomes a torger and finds a sidekick within Pangla. Incidentally Sibnath was brought up by Amar Banerjee's driver Sanatan, an outright honest man. After Amar Banerjee's death Mahim Ghoshal pounces upon his mission of engulfing the Banerjee property. He blackmails Mamata and coerces her to accept her that her daughter Tina to be married with Mahim's insane son Rocket. But Sibnath arrives at the judgement moment to save Tina from getting married with the hoodlum. Sibnath declares as the son-in-law (Jamai) of the Bamerjee's, i.e. Tina's husband and begins his mission of fighting Mahim Ghoshal, Rocket and his allies. Mahim on the other hand brings Debnath as a wild card and introduced his to Mamata as Sabitri's long lost son. Mamata acceptrs Debnath as her slipson while Tina also gives consent. But as Sibnath and Debnath don't recognise each other as childhood pears they constantly fight and combat each other. But ultimately truth prevails. the childhood mystery of all three are revealed and while Mahim Ghoshal in punished the entire family reunite again.
Desingu Raja	Tamil	romance	Ezhil	Idhayakkani (Vimal), who hails from the village of Killioru, is a firm believer in non-violence. The ongoing feud between his family and the family of Seena Thana from the neighbouring village of Pulioru is a source of constant worry for him. Though their rivalry began on a minor issue, many lives were sacrificed over the years. Idhayakkani’s father is killed by Seena Thana. Angered by the death of his son, Idhayakkani’s grandfather retaliates by killing Seena Thana’s son. So Seena Thana vows to kill Idhayakkani. Meanwhile, Idhayakkani meets Thamarai (Bindu Madhavi), Seena Thana’s daughter, at a temple festival and falls deeply in love. Chaos ensues when both realise who their families are and the respective sets of parents and villagers object to their romance. Idhayakani marries Thamarai at a temple and Seenathana gets killed by henchmen of Idhayakani's grandfather. Thus Thamarai develops hatred towards Idhayakani for her father's death. According to Panchayat, Thamarai goes to Idhayakani's home with her family in order to kill Idhayakani but they fail in their attempts. When Chittappa hears that Thamarai is pregnant he is determine to kill her child. But Surya (Soori), Thamarai's uncle tries to give honey instead of poison to Thamarai which makes her safe. In the climax, Killiooru organises Kabaddi match in Puliooru. Chittappa arrives at the place by kidnapping Thamarai and her mother but Kaushik, Idhayakani's uncle, was kidnapped instead of Thamarai. It turns out that Surya had saved her. Chitappa arrives to kill Idhayakani but the presence of Cheergirls makes him undergo a change of heart.He then dances to the tune of Gangnam Style and accepts Idhayakani wholeheartedly.
Romeo	Kannada	romance	P. C. Shekar	Ganesh (Ganesh) comes to the world by peeing on his father Kashinath's (Rangayana Raghu) face. Despite being mischievous, he manages to reach the graduation level but with poor English speaking skills. However, he gets a job in a bank where he meets Shruti (Bhavana) and Sadhu Kokila. As expected, their love blossoms after witnessing a series of comic scenes. Ganesh, a slum dweller and street smart, impresses her by telling a pack of lies where he went on to claim that he is born with a silver spoon and he is the son of crorepati but living an ordinary life to learn the basic lessons of life. The couple ties the knot in a hush-hush manner when her father played by Avinash opposes their marriage and fixes a secret marriage with a rich man. However, soon Shruti realises that she was lied and cheated, she leaves Ganesh and applies for divorce. Though Ganesh is not ready to divorce her under circumstance he requests for divorce in court after 6 months of court fight. After divorce he realised the importance of life, love of his parents he suddenly rises in life like a phoenix. He works hard, earns some money, changes his home. After a year of divorce he meets Shruti again and he wants to get her back. As she was in training period of one week in Ganesh's friend's office, she is on her way back to the US, where she was residing since the divorce. Ganesh came to know this and fakes an accident, which lures Shruti to return from airport to hospital to see Ganesh. Then she comes to know the plan of Kashinath who was trying for patch up of Ganesh and Shruti . Film ends with the reunion of these two.
Khushi Khushiyagi	Kannada	romance	Yogi G. Raj	Raj (Ganesh) is a carefree guy who believes that one should make their self decisions
Jothe Jotheyali	Kannada	romance	Dinakar Thoogudeep	Nakul (Prem) and Divya (Ramya) are married couples on the verge of divorce. As the movie starts both of the lead characters arrive at the Family court, to seek divorce. The actual movie unfolds in Flashback scenes as both remember - how they met and fell in love. They also face parental opposition for their marriage and they eventually marry against their wish and start a separate life altogether with their friends. Prem then starts an advertising firm. He is helped by Darshan Thoogudeep (in a mini guest appearance playing himself) for his first ad and eventually he becomes quite successful in his profession. He starts to neglect Divya and due to some mis-understanding is found with his colleague in a compromising position. Thus Divya abandons him and moves out of their home and goes to live with her parents. Prem tries unsuccessfully to woo Divya back with many tricks which fall flat and cause more tension on their relationship. Finally Divya understands her husband and returns to their home to see him in bed with another woman - which is the last blow for their relationship. In the climax, Prem and Ramya are granted Divorce. While they are leaving the court, a criminal tries to flee from the policemen taking Divya as hostage, Prem fights to free her from the criminal and is stabbed to death. By now Divya realises Prem's true love for her and confesses the same at the hospital.
Dev.D	Bollywood	romance	Anurag Kashyap	The film is divided into three parts from the view of the main characters: Paro (Mahi Gill) is an idealistic, young, lower-middle class girl living in Punjab. Her childhood sweetheart is Dev (Abhay Deol), the son of a rich businessman. Paro cares for him immensely, and fully expects a future with him. Dev constantly takes Paro's love and affection for granted. He grows up to be arrogant and lazy, which causes his father to send him to London to complete his education. While separated by distance, Paro and Dev's youthful love only blossoms more, despite Dev becoming increasingly more egotistical and entitled. After finishing his studies, Dev returns to Chandigarh and meets Paro, and they rekindle their romance. After some time, Dev overhears scandalous rumours about Paro concerning her reputation and sexual history, which he immediately believes. Paro is shocked to see Dev's chauvinist attitude towards her, even after she claims innocence. Dev hypocritically passes judgement on Paro and does not approve of the things that he has heard. Paro turns her back on him when she hears him insult her and rashly agrees to marry a man of her parents' choice. On her wedding day, Dev learns that the rumors were false but his ego doesn't let him accept his mistake, and he lets Paro marry someone else. Leni (Kalki Koechlin) is a Delhi student of half-European descent. A date with her much older boyfriend turns sexual and lands Leni in an MMS sex scandal. The incident becomes public knowledge after the video is widely circulated. Her father, having watched the video, commits suicide out of shame and disgust, and Leni's family decides to send her to live in a small rural town. Refusing to live a life of shame and ridicule, she returns to Delhi where she works as a prostitute at night, while continuing with her studies during the day. She adopts the name 'Chanda' for her profession. Her 'foreign' looks mean her services are reserved for the highest-paying customers and she finds some dignity and independence in the new way of living. One night, an inebriated, half-conscious customer is brought to her room - it turns out to be Dev. Dev, tormented by Paro’s wedding, has been seeking refuge in alcohol and drugs. He finds some solace with Chanda but is unable to forget Paro. While in a drug fueled haze, he calls Paro's husband in the middle of the night, Paro visits him at the cheap lodge where he is staying. She shows her love by taking care of him but spurns his attempts at physical intimacy. The meeting ends on a bitter note, and Paro returns to her married life. Dev resolves to go back to Chanda, but confronted by the reality of her profession, he abandons her, too. He resumes his destructive lifestyle of alcohol, drugs, and reckless behaviour. Months later, after his life has completely fallen apart and hit an all-time low, Dev attempts to pick up the pieces. He seeks Chanda once again and, with her help, sets out to start life afresh.
Koodal Nagar	Tamil	romance	Seenu Ramasamy	The story is set in a suburb of Madurai. Suryan (Bharath) and Chandran (Bharath) are twins. Suryan, the elder of the two is soft-spoken guy who works at a local lending library and he falls in love with Manimekala (Bhavana), daughter of Namasivayam (Mahadevan) the local politician-don and MLA. Chandran, the younger one, works as a mortuary assistant in the local government hospital and he's one among Namasivayam’s bad guys who are in charge of his election campaign. Chandran is romantically linked to a local girl,Tamizhselvi (Sandhya). Namasivayam comes to know about his daughter’s love affair with Suryan and he orders to some killers to kill Suryan. But accidentally they attack Chandran who succeeds in escaping from them.
But Always	Chinese	romance	Snow Zou	While most of “But Always” takes place in New York City, the Chinese drama’s blend of sentimentality and romantic fatalism is very Asian. American viewers who aren’t Sino-cinema buffs might balk, but Snow Zou’s directorial debut does have a few noteworthy attributes: attractive stars, sun-dappled cinematography and an audacious payoff. Beijing tykes Anran and Yongyuan meet in 1982, when she transfers to his school. She’s wealthier than her ragged classmates, who regard her with suspicion. The school bully assigns Yongyuan to follow Anran, a role he happily accepts for the next 20 years. One sign of his devotion is that he can always recognize her footsteps. The kids bond, in part because both lost their mothers in the same earthquake. (His was a peasant; hers was a doctor.) But then Yongyuan’s guardian dies and his uncle takes him away. He’s not allowed to say goodbye to Anran, a pattern that recurs as one or the other repeatedly vanishes. A decade later, Yongyuan returns to Beijing and encounters Anran, now a teenage pre-med student. She’s grown up to be played by Chinese beauty Gao Yuanyuan (“Caught in the Web”), who in this movie always looks as if she’s just strolled out of a fashion spread. He’s now portrayed by Hong Kong action star Nicholas Tse (“The Bullet Vanishes”), who’s just as pretty as she is. The couple’s reunion is idyllic, then awkward, then idyllic again. But Yongyuan gets involved in some shady business to raise money for Anran’s post-graduate education. So when she’s ready to leave for Columbia University, he’s disappeared again. In Manhattan, Anran acquires a new boyfriend, a petulant painter called Michael (Qin Hao). She also works two part-time jobs in addition to her studies. (The movie is not subtle in suggesting that Beijing is now a better place to dwell than New York.) Yongyuan, who has gotten rich just so he can search for Anran, finds her through Michael’s paintings of her. This leads to another sweet, luminously photographed reunion. But the couple will be torn apart twice more, and the final rupture will make or break the movie for many viewers. It’s shamelessly contrived, but refreshingly outrageous. “But Always” seems modeled on Peter Chan’s more complex 1996 “Comrades, Almost a Love Story,” in which two mainland Chinese expats attract and repulse each other on journeys through Hong Kong and New York. Anyone who’s seen that movie will anticipate the final flashback in “But Always,” which makes the story’s melodramatic point one more time: Anran and Yongyuan are fated to be together as much as they are doomed to be apart.
Raman Thediya Seethai	Tamil	romance	K. P. Jagannath	The movie starts with Venugopal (Cheran) meeting Ranjitha (Vimala Raman) whose parents want them to get married. During their conversation, Venugopal informs Ranjitha that he stammers if he gets stressed and he was also undergoing treatment for psychological problems while he was at school. Ranjitha gets scared hearing this and she turns down the proposal. Venugopal manages his own wedding card business and is a kind hearted person. He remains clear that the girl he marries should know about his problem and he does not want to get married to someone by hiding his problem. Venu’s mother arranges to meet another girl Vidhya (Remya Nambeesan). Vidhya agrees for wedding despite knowing Venu’s problem. But on the day before the wedding, Vidhya’s lover with whom she has broken up comes and apologizes. Vidhya changes her mind and elopes with her lover which shocks her father Manickavel (Manivannan) and also Venu. But Venu cancels the wedding saying that he is not interested in marrying Vidhya thereby hiding the truth that Vidhya has eloped with someone. Manickavel feels proud seeing Venu and also feels bad that his daughter has missed such a kind hearted person in her life. Also Manickavel apologizes to Venu for his daughter’s behaviour and he promises to find a suitable girl for Venu soon. After so many girls rejecting Venu due to his stammering speech problem, Gayathri (Karthika) agrees to marry him. Venu also likes Gayathri but he meets Gunasekhar (Nithin Sathya), an auto driver who claims to be the lover of Gayathri. Guna describes his one side love towards Gayathri to Venu and Manickavel while travelling in his auto without knowing that Venu has come to see Gayathri. Venu meets Gayathri and tells her that Guna loves her sincerely and advises her to accept his love. Gayathri also understands and agrees to marry Guna. On the other hand, there is a positive love story told between a visually challenged RJ Nedumaran (Pasupathy) and Thamizhisai (Gajala). Nedumaran anchors a program in radio about importance of facing life with a positive attitude and Thamizhisai is a very big fan of Nedumaran’s radio program. But Thamizhisai gets shocked knowing that Nedumaran is visually challenged and she feels proud of him seeing his positive attitude towards life. They become good friends and Thamizhisai proposes Nedumaran which he does not accept as he fears that her family members will not allow her marry him. But later realizes her true love and the both get married. Venu is a friend of Nedumaran and he gets inspired seeing his positive tone in life. Venu and Manickavel travel to Nagercoil for a business visit. Venu gets shocked to see Vidhya there leading a below poverty life. Venu leaves without informing Manickavel to meet Vidhya and gets to know that she is pregnant and her husband is in jail for involving in a clash with the neighbour. Vidhya works in a small school and she struggles to lead a proper life without money. Venu feels bad seeing her condition and gives some money. He also takes her to a nearby private hospital for check-up. To his surprise, Ranjitha works as a receptionist in that hospital. Venu introduces Vidhya as his friend and requests Ranjitha to assist her during her further check-ups and he pays the hospital expenses. As Vidhya’s delivery date approaches, Venu decides to stay in Nagercoil for a few more days until she gives birth to the child thereby assisting with the hospital formalities. Slowly Venu befriends Ranjitha and the two meet frequently. Vidhya gives birth to a baby and Venu informs this to Manickavel who gets furious hearing this. Manickavel gets emotional and scolds Venu for helping someone who ditched him on the day of wedding. But Venu convinces Manickavel and takes him to see his daughter. Ranjitha comes to know about Venu’s great character and slowly love blossoms in her. Now Venu and Manickavel are set to meet a girl Senthamarai (Navya Nair) who is a sub-inspector in Nagercoil. Venu informs this to Ranjitha which shocks her. Ranjitha does not express her love towards Venu. Venu decides to secretly meet Senthamarai while she is on duty without informing her. But suddenly violence erupts in the location and Senthamarai to control the crowd, starts hitting the protestors. She hits Venu also without knowing that he has comes to visit her. Venu feels guilty now and decides to cancel the meeting. While going back, he sees Ranjitha’s house on the way. He decides to refresh there and then leave. But Ranjitha proposes her love to Venu and apologizes for rejecting him at the very beginning not understanding his true character which is more precious. Venu understands Ranjitha and decides to marry her.
Tyag	Bengali	romance	Swapan Saha	The story begins in the Central Jail, where a prisoner (Raza Murad) being hanged in the morning is desperately bewailing his fate. His fears are soothed somewhat by another inmate named Chetan (Rajesh Khanna) who tells him that he is not dying but starting a new life elsewhere in a body free from sin. The concept comforts the prisoner and the jail inmate becomes happy. Chetan has served a 10-year-long sentence for murder and is about to be released early for good behavior. The Jailor (Murad) is curious as to how such an obviously empathetic and honest man such as Chetan has proved to be a murderer as well, and he asks Chetan to explain. Initially, Chetan refuses gently but then starts disclosing his past. Chetan is a penniless poet while Sunita is the daughter of a wealthy man (Kamal Kapoor). Both are very much in love. Chetan's close friend Bansi (Gurnam Singh) thinks Chetan should use his education to get a job to keep the creditors from his door, but Chetan wants to continue writing books and develop his habit of writing stories with Sunita's full support. Sunita fears to talk before her father. Her rich father has the reason for being a stubborn father too and that is that he was a poor man and his wife had died because he could not afford proper medical facilities for her only because he could not afford them and this has made him more ambitious in life. So Sunita's father has throughout his life concentrated more on building his house and earning more money for a secure future, but all this at the cost of a complete disconnect personally between him and Sunita. Sunita's father decides to get her married off to a man named Gopal (Dheeraj Kumar), a doctor. Gopal and his mother (Sulochana Latkar) meet Sunita in her house for the first time and they like her. Her dad decides to announce their engagement at the birthday party. Meanwhile, Sunita urges Chetan to ask her hand from her father on her birthday and she invites him for that party. At the party her father is rude to Chetan and then announces her engagement to Gopal — she swallows her anger in order to maintain a good front before the guests, but later goes in search of Chetan at his home. Sunita tells Chetan that they should elope and go far away from her parents and live in a separate world of their own. Chetan asks why should they elope, instead they should go together to her father and tell him that they want to get married to each other and that Chetan will take care of Sunita. Sunita does agree with him, but tells Chetan that this idea of his won't help as her father may attack or kill Chetan. To this, Chetan replies that its completely unethical to run away from problems and in this case, from her father as it would bring dishonour to Sunita and even to their own love story. Chetan promises that if her father refuses to give his permission, they would get married anyway. So Chetan advises her to go back home and that Chetan would marry her after trying to convince her father. Chetan points out that society will disapprove and she might regret it someday. To this, Sunita declares that Chetan is a coward and a selfish person who does not want to share a bit of sorrow that her parents did not approve of their relation and wouldn't take a risk by running away and starting a life together, when she left her wealth and family and came to him. Sunita says she did not think of anything except her love for Chetan and came running with her belongings to Chetan's house. That shows she is selfless in this love affair. So by this logic, she tells Chetan that she would now marry Gopal only as Chetan has belittled their love and her ability to make a choice. Sunita marries Gopal and they live happily, but one day, she discloses to her husband that she was in love with a person in her college days. Gopal gets angry and hurt so starts drinking wine and confides his problem to a friend in the Mahinder bar and goes off to England for years to further his medical studies, abandoning Sunita to bring up their son Munna (Master Tito) and take care of his mother. Chetan, meanwhile, channels his despair into writing and becomes critically renowned and popular; one of his biggest fans is Sunita's mother-in-law. His greatest work is a novel called Tyaag—the story of his romance with Sunita. Five years pass after Sunita's marriage and Gopal decides to return to India as he by now realises that Sunita is a good mother and a good daughter-in-law and so decides to mend their married life. Sunit's child then runs away from home in search of his father and boards a train. There, he meets a passenger and he turns out to be Chetan. Chetan realises that the child is innocent and decides to lodge a police complaint. On this, the child being smart and hyperactive, decides to run away from him. But Chetan catches him and promises to him to take him to England. Munna agrees to go home now, provided that Chetan takes him home. Sunita gets angry on seeing Chetan. She tries her best to throw him out of her life. The rest of the story is about the dilemma which Sunita faces. Will Chetan avenge his failed love affair with her in the past by destroying her present married life? Will Chetan avail of the opportunity of Gopal's absence to molest her? Is Chetan really in love with her child? What will happen to her life when her husband returns?
O Kadhal Kanmani	Tamil	romance	Mani Ratnam	Aditya Varadarajan (Dulquer Salmaan) is a video game developer who accidentally meets Taara Kalingarayar (Nithya Menen) at his friend/colleague's wedding. He later finds out she is planning to pursue her studies in Paris. They soon begin to call each other often, go out together, and start to fall in love during a holiday they take together. They agree that marriage is not for them and decide to have a live-in relationship instead, and Taara moves into Adhi's place, rented from Ganapathy (Prakash Raj). They wish to spend their time with each other before they go their separate ways for their respective careers. Taara and Adhi live happily, being playful with each other. One midnight, Tara has a conversation with Ganapathy. She tells him that she might get her visa approved for going to Paris, and that it's hard for her to leave Adhi and go far away. The next day Taara goes to Jaipur for her business, and Aditya starts to miss her terribly. Upon seeing the love and patience his houseowner Ganapathy has for his wife, Bhavani (Leela Samson), an Alzheimer's patient, who one day even forgets the way to her own house, they begin to understand the importance of each other's presence in their life. Soon, Adhi is selected to develop his skills in video games and to go United States. He tells his colleague that it's hard for him to leave Taara. The next day, both of them make an agreement to enjoy themselves to the maximum for the 10 days left before they separate. Nearing the last day, they begin to have little fights and arguments, which don't last long. One day, Bhavani goes missing again, as she did when she forgot her house address. While looking for her, they continue arguing about their relationship and finally Adhi proposes to Taara and they decide to get married. Post marriage, both of them continue to accomplish their own dreams, one in Paris, another in US. And they live happily, married and in love.
Swapner Din	Bengali	romance	Buddhadeb Dasgupta	Paresh (Prosenjit Chatterjee), the protagonist in Swapner Din, cannot afford the luxury of reaching out for the unexplored. For him, travelling in an official jeep across the state is a matter of keeping alive, a business he is forced to do. He screens badly put together family planning films in villages that fall along his predetermined route, often meeting with unpleasant responses from his target audience. His faith in life is sustained by his love for his dream girl — a beautiful actress he saw crying away in a film five years ago and has been haunted by. He has never met her. She accompanies him on his daily sojourns through a sticker of her picture pasted on the projector box he carries along. Chapal (Rajesh Sharma), the proxy-driver Paresh is saddled with, carries a stolen passport that has his picture under a different name. His dream is to reach Dubai and land a cushy job to end what he thinks is an apology for living. The pregnant and pretty Amina (Rimi Sen) is running back to her homeland Bangladesh. Her husband, an illegal immigrant, was killed in the Gujarat riots. Her dream is to give birth to her child in her own country, as a legal citizen rooted to his land. Along the journey, the three share their food, their sleep and their dreams trying to help each other get that much closer to the fulfillment of their respective dreams. No one falls in love, no one attempts to molest Amina, not even the goons who take away the jeep at gun-point and leave them in the wilderness of nowhere, and no one comes to their rescue when their lives, along with their dreams, are threatened by the real danger of death.
Gentle Julia	American	romance	Rowland V. Lee	Julia (Bessie Love) is a small-town heartbreaker[2] who falls for an older man (Charles K. French).[3] When he takes her back to his home in Chicago, she finds out he is married. She leaves him, returning to neighbor Noble Dill (Harold Goodwin).[4]
Eno Onthara	Kannada	romance	Mussanje Mahesh	Surya (Ganesh) is a student in a college in Mysore. He develops a close relationship with his classmate Madhumathi (Priyamani) after seeing her confident nature. But their ego-centric nature makes them stay apart always. Once both struggle to unite their friends Shanthi and Prasad, who are in love. What happens to their own love story will form the climax of the film.
Prema Kavali	Telugu	romance	Vijaya Bhaskar. K	Prema (Isha Chawla) is the darling daughter of an honest and strict police officer (Nassar) but she is currently being blackmailed by one person (Shafi). Prema’s tension catches the eye of her sister-in-law (Sindhu Tolani) and this reveals a flashback. The story is about Srinu (Aadi), Prema’s classmate and his love for her. However, Prema doesn’t respond to his love feelings but becomes friends with him. But in an unexpected situation, Srinu kisses Prema and this makes her hate Srinu and that becomes the cause of her worries. Those photos are used by the blackmailer saying that he would mail them to her father. This makes Prema's sister-in-law go to Srinu's Home in Khammam, where Srinu returns from Training of N.C.C.. He after listening the whole story, vows to solve all the problems and goes to Hyderabad. Though initially it becomes difficult to Srinu to investigate, Srinu later appoints a Chain Snatcher named Chain Raja (Ali) and tells him to follow her and give the updates. Meanwhile it is revealed to the Audience that the actual man behind this Blackmail is Tagore (Dev Gill), a Dreaded Mafia Don who wants a Terrorist released from the Prison on the orders of Terrorist groups, whose Incharge is Prema's Father. Then Chain Raja watches Prema carrying a sum of Money to an Old house where the Blackmailer is in disguise. He takes the sum of money, gives the photos, and Cleverly gets the password of Prema's father's e-mail ID through which the Terrorist's Imprisonment details are held. Before Tagore's Henchmen would snatch the photos from Prema, Srinu saves her and they Burn the Photos. Later, Prema starts Loving Srinu and Tagore implements an Escape plan to make the Terrorist get released from the Prison. The whole blame is on Prema's father and he confronts Prema which makes her Confess the truth. Being the person loving her and as an N.C.C. trainee, Srinu dares to chase Tagore and the Terrorist. In a fight Srinu kills Tagore and The Terrorist is sent to Police Custody. Later Srinu goes to the place where he kissed Prema and finds her waiting for him. The film ends with a scene featuring Srinu and Prema confess their love for each other.
Gunde Jhallumandi	Telugu	romance	Madan	The film begins with Neelima (Aditi Sharma), a student pursuing her bachelor's degree taking a strong decision to avoid boys who try to develop a relationship with her. She randomly selects a name, Rajesh and she announces the whole college that she is in love with Rajesh just to keep the boys at bay. She takes this decision because her elder sister Bhramaramba was cheated by a person named Munna in the name of love. She had to marry someone else at an early age and suffer because of that. So she does not want to become like her sister. Balaraju (Uday Kiran) comes from a village to his sister's house in Hyderabad to study B.A, as it was a prerequisite for his village president post which he desperately want to win. He is a shy person and is treated badly by the fellow students. Initially Balaraju want to go back to his village but he wants to fight back. He meets Neelima in the college. He changes his style, and attitude with the help of Neelima and his six year old nephew. Though she talks to him frequently, she is cautious not to get too close with him. Sometimes she uses the name Rajesh just to avoid him. Balaraju also pretends that he is in love with another fictitious lady called Lavanya. After some time they come to know about their real feelings and start liking each other. Suddenly a person by name Rajesh appears before Neelima and ask her to marry. She is surprised to see Rajesh whose name she just used to escape from boys who tries to befriend her. The rest of the film is about how Balaraju and Neelima unite.
Bodyguard	Malayalam	romance	Siddique	Bodyguard revolves around young Jayakrishnan (Dileep), who has a very strange habit; he adulates anyone with a trace of heroism. Whenever he develops an admiration towards a person, he prefers to move with that person as a sort of bodyguard. He starts admiring Ashokan (Thiagarajan), a former liquor tycoon and leading businessman. Jayakrishnan wants to be Ashokan's bodyguard, but Ashokan does not need a bodyguard. Later, Jayakrishnan approaches Ashokan with a recommendation from someone he cannot refuse. He achieves his luck after saving Ashokan from danger. Jayakrishnan thus becomes the bodyguard of Ashokan's only daughter Ammu (Nayantara). Jayakrishnan follows Ammu to her college as her bodyguard. Ammu and her friend Sethulakshmi (Mithra Kurian) gets irritated with him following them all day. Jayakrishnan takes his role as bodyguard very seriously and follows the two girls around constantly. In an attempt to get rid of him, Ammu and Sethulakshmi make up a fake lover hoping to distract Jayakrishnan from his duties as a bodyguard. It works! Jayakrishnan falls in love with PRIVATE NUMBER, and is constantly looking for this girl. He has no idea that his lover is Ammu. Ammu, as a joke, calls Jayakrishnan and speaks badly about Ammu. Jayakrishnan gets a little angry and disagrees with her. He believes Ammu is a good-hearted person. That's when the viewer is able to tell Ammu is really falling in love with Jayakrishnan. This is no joke anymore. Ammu, later tells Jayakrishnan to run away with her and meet her at a railroad station. Jayakrishnan agrees, not knowing that the girl is Ammu. Ashokan finds out and he believes that Jayakrishnan and Ammu are planning to run away together. In order to save Jayakrishnan's life, Ammu lies that it's not her. That Jayakrishnan is meeting another girl at the station. Ashokan lets Jayakrishnan go, but tells others to kill Jayakrishnan if a girl does not show up. Terrified, Ammu sends her friend, Sethulakshmi, to the station and tells her to tell Jayakrishnan that Ammu is the lover and she won't be able to make it to the station. Sethulakshmi, seeing Jayakrishnan, falls in love, and admits that she is the lover, not Ammu. Ammu calls her twice, but Sethulakshmi throws the cellphone out, trying to erase Ammu out of their love life completely. Years later, after Jayakrishnan and Sethulakshmi's marriage, she bore a son. Before her death, she leaves a diary for her son telling the whole story between the phone calls and his father and Ammu. The son later goes to Ammu's house with Jayakrishnan to visit Ashokan. Jayakrishnan is shocked Ammu isn't married. The son asks Ammu to become his mother and Jayakrishnan is shocked and angry at his son for saying something so blunt and rude. But Ashokan begs Jayakrishnan to take Ammu as his wife. So they go onto the train together but the son runs and throws the diary into a trashcan nearby. Jayakrishnan finds the diary and realizes that his real lover, the girl who's waited for him for so many years faithfully, was Ammu.
Raja Hindustani	Bollywood	romance	Dharmesh Darshan	Raja Hindustani (Aamir Khan) is a young man who works as a taxi-driver/tourist guide. He lives by his own simple code and is prone to violence when that code is violated. Aarti Sehgal (Karisma Kapoor) is a wealthy debutante who is seeking to connect with her past. Standing in the way of their love are a disapproving father and a stepmother bent on obtaining total control of the family assets. Mr. Sehgal (Suresh Oberoi) lives with his daughter, Aarti, and her stepmother Shalini (Archana Puran Singh) in a grand palatial home. Aarti decides to go for a vacation to a small hill station town named Palankhet to discover the memories of her deceased mother. Upon arrival, she finds out she has no transportation from the airport to Palankhet, and so she hires the services of the only available driver, Raja Hindustani. During her stay in Palankhet, Aarti and Raja bond and ultimately fall in love. One day, to Aarti's surprise, her father arrives in Palankhet and intends to take her home with him. Aarthi tells her father about Raja, but Mr. Sehgal says that he will only accept the marriage on the condition that Raja goes to Mumbai and learns to become a respectable member of society. Raja refuses and forces Aarti to make a decision. Aarti chooses Raja, but begs for her father's blessings. Her father refuses to offer his blessings and leaves for Mumbai. After some time, Mr. Sehgal forgives his daughter and visits her in Palankhet. While there, he gives his daughter and son-in-law a new house. Raja refuses to live in the house because he does not see it as a gift, but rather as charity, since he is poor and Mr. Sehgal is rich. Shalini, her brother, Swaraj (Pramod Moutho), and her nephew Jai (Mohnish Behl) seek to exploit this conflict to gain total control of Mr. Sehgal's assets. Under the pretext of a birthday party, they bring Raja and Aarti to Mumbai and set in motion events that cause Aarti and Raja to separate. Aarti realises that she is pregnant, but, due to health problems, the doctor advises her not to travel. Instead, her stepmother is asked to go to Palankhet to inform Raja about his baby and to request him to come to Mumbai. However, Aarti's stepmother tells Raja that Aarti wants to divorce him. Raja refuses. After some time, Raja learns that Aarti has had a baby and is under the impression that she intends to keep him from the child. Fearing that he will never be allowed to see his baby, he decides to kidnap the child. Distraught, Aarthi goes to see Raja and begs him to let her have their child back. Ultimately, the lies and deception of Aarthi's stepmother are revealed, and Aarthi and Raja reunite.
Pidichirukku	Tamil	romance	Kanagu	The protagonists in the love story are Vel (Ashok), a Hindu coming from a lower-middle-class family and a booking clerk at a lorry transport and cargo agency in Tuticorin and Manju (Vishakha Singh), a Roman Catholic girl, studying in the local college. Their first meeting is an accident caused due to her negligence – when sitting as pillion rider on the back of her father's scooter and trying to go through her examination notes, the paper and her 'duppata' flies off, blinding the bike rider coming behind. Vel, who was the rider, finds his bike skidding and he ends up with bruises and shouts at Manju and her father Mariadas (Sampath Raj) who was riding the scooter, without realizing that he is the new customs officer at the local port whom he has to interact due to the nature of his work. Manju has a soft corner for him, fearing that due to her mistake he may end up with a head injury. Later she meets him and sends him a note to take a head scan, which leads to hilarious scenes as his assistant 'Tyre' (Ganja Karuppu) thinks it is a love letter. But as always after the initial spats and quibbles, both Vel and Manju are deeply drawn towards each other. One day while they are romancing on the back of an empty but moving lorry, they are intercepted by Mariadas. All hell breaks loose for the lovers as Manju is brutally beaten up by her dad as her mother (Saranya) tries to protect her. A distraught and drunk Vel on the advice of Tyre and other lorry drivers go to her house in the night asking for her hand, which leads to bedlam. Three days later, a sobered Vel goes to her house to apologise and finds that they have left town and Mariadas has resigned from customs and just disappeared. How Vel finds her whereabouts and goes to Pune in search of her and undergoes real tough times is what the rest of the film is about.
Love Story	American	romance	Arthur Hiller	Oliver Barrett IV is the heir of an American upper-class East Coast family attending Harvard College, where he plays ice hockey. He meets Jennifer Jenny Cavalleri, a quick-witted, working-class Radcliffe College student of classical music; they quickly fall in love despite their differences. When Jenny reveals her plans to study in Paris, Oliver is upset that he does not figure in those plans. He proposes, she accepts, and they travel to the Barrett mansion so she can meet Oliver's parents, who are unimpressed with her and judgmental. Later, Oliver's father tells him that he will cut him off financially if he marries Jenny. After graduation Oliver and Jenny marry nonetheless. Without his father's financial support, the couple struggle to pay Oliver's way through Harvard Law School; Jenny works as a teacher. Oliver graduates third in his class and takes a position at a respectable New York City law firm. They are ready to start a family, but fail to conceive. After many tests Oliver is told that Jenny is terminally ill. Oliver attempts to live a normal life without telling Jenny of her condition, but she finds out after confronting her doctor. Oliver buys tickets to Paris but she declines to go, wanting only time with him. To pay for Jenny's cancer therapy, Oliver seeks money from his estranged father, who asks if him if he has gotten a girl in trouble. Oliver simply says yes, and his father writes a check. From her hospital bed, Jenny makes funeral arrangements with her father, then asks for Oliver. She tells him to not blame himself, insisting that he never held her back from music and it was worth it for the love they shared. Jenny's last wish is made when she asks him to embrace her tightly before she dies. As grief-stricken Oliver leaves the hospital, he sees his father outside, having rushed to New York City from Massachusetts as soon as he heard the news about Jenny and wanting to offer his help. Oliver tells him, Jenny's dead, and his father says I'm sorry, to which Oliver responds, Love– Love means never having to say you're sorry. Oliver walks back alone to the outdoor ice rink, where Jenny had watched him skate the day she was hospitalized.
The Woman Who Obeyed	British	romance	Sidney Morgan	Overbearing husband separates his wife from her children but is reconciled to her after he has accidentally killed their son.[1]
Vaaranam Aayiram	Tamil	romance	Gautham Menon	The film begins with elderly Krishnan (Suriya) returning home after a haircut. Once he reaches home, he vomits profuse amounts of blood and is kept to rest. After the doctor checks him, he is reported dead after a few moments of grief with his lovely wife Malini (Simran), daughter Shreya, and daughter-in-law Priya (Divya Spandana). This news is informed to his son Surya (Suriya), who is on his way to Kashmir on a military mission travelling in a helicopter to rescue a kidnapped journalist from terrorists. He begins to shed tears and starts to think about his memorable moments with his father and the story of how his parents loved each other during their college days. Krishnan is a student in Madras Christian College, the same college where Malini studies. They fall in love and get married. They soon have a son, Surya. He grows up as a friend to his father. He joins an engineering college near Tiruchi and parts from his family. There, he takes part in cultural activities and develops his guitar skills. When he is on a train back home after completion of college, he meets Meghna (Sameera Reddy), who is doing Computer Science in National Institute of Technology, Tiruchirappalli(Regional College of Engineering,Tiruchirapalli). Instantly smitten by her, he soon proposes to her. She rejects him, saying that they have known each other for a very short period and it's not possible to fall in love without taking time to understand him. Surya then tells her that wherever she goes, he will be able to find her. Surya is disturbed constantly by Meghna's thoughts and consequently ends up going to her house. There she reveals to him that she is going to University of California, Berkeley in a week to do her Masters in Computer Science. Then, Surya bids adieu to her. After that, Krishnan, gets his first mild heart attack and is admitted to a hospital. Surya feels that he needs to resolve the financial constraints in his family, and so starts an office with his friends and does concerts for money and succeeds. A few months later, Surya goes to the United States, with the acceptance of his father, and meets Meghna in San Francisco. Though shocked by his presence, Meghna feels relieved to find someone she knows in California. They have the time of their lives there. Meghna is convinced that he is the right person and that he will be accepted by her father, so she proposes to him, much to delight to Surya and his parents. Their happiness does not last long when she goes to Oklahoma City for a project. Surya joins her later travelling by the Greyhound Lines. When he reaches there, he witnesses the Oklahoma City bombing and realises that Meghna is amongst those injured. She dies on her way to the hospital. He meets Shankar Menon at the airport who tries to console him with words and offers him encouragement. A heartbroken Surya returns to India. A few days later, Surya still cannot take the situation. He starts hanging out with his friends to get over his loss. He meets Priya, his sister's friend. However, the thoughts of losing Meghna still haunt him, and he resorts to taking drugs. Surya's parents try to get him to break the habit by locking him up in his room and removing him from all external contact. Once they detect his withdrawal symptoms, they ask him to take a long break to rejuvenate himself. Subsequently, he takes a leisure trip to Kashmir. There he learns that Aditya, the son of Shankar Menon, the person who inspired him in the airport was kidnapped. He visits them in Delhi. On seeing the lethargic attitude of the police, he takes matters into his own hands and goes in search of the kidnappers. After days of roaming streets and gathering information, he locates the kidnapper Asad (Babloo Prithiveeraj) and the place where Aditya is kept. He battles the kidnappers single-handedly, overpowers them and rescues Aditya. Back home, Surya starts to go out with Priya. One day Priya proposes to him, but he does not respond. Surya decides that the only way to forget the pain in his body is to prepare it for bigger things. He goes on a strict workout training and joins the army. After six years, Priya comes to the Indian Military Academy where she is posted along him and proposes again; this time he accepts. They marry and have a son. Suddenly, Krishnan is diagnosed with throat cancer and is operated on. After some days, Surya is called upon to go on a mission to rescue a journalist, which brings the scene back to the present day. After completing the military mission with the help of a masked man (Gautham Vasudev Menon) who tells them where the culprits were, Surya returns home to see his dead father. Surya, his sister Shriya, Malini and Priya let go his father's ashes in the sea and Malini relates her husband's life to Surya by uttering a verse from a prayer. The film ends on a happy note as the four walk away smiling, conveying the message that Whatever happens, life has to go on.
Goodbye, Columbus	American	romance	Larry Peerce	Neil Klugman (Richard Benjamin) is an intelligent, working class army veteran and graduate of Rutgers University who works as a library clerk. He falls for Brenda Patimkin (Ali MacGraw), a wealthy student at Radcliffe College who is home for the summer. They meet by the swimming pool of a country club that Neil visits as a guest of his cousin Doris. They face obstacles from Brenda's family (particularly her mother), due to differences in class and assimilation into the American mainstream. Brenda's family are nouveau riche, their money coming from the successful plumbing supply business owned and run by her father. Brenda herself is old enough to remember being poor. Other conflicts include propriety and issues related to premarital sex and the possibility of pregnancy, and Mrs. Patimkin's envy of her daughter's youth. After a few dates Brenda persuades her father to invite Neil to stay with them for two weeks, angering her mother who feels that she should have been asked instead. Neil enjoys being able to sneak into Brenda's room at night, but has misgivings over her entitled outlook, which is reflected in her spoiled and petulant younger sister, and her naive brother Ron, who misses the hero worship he enjoyed as a star basketball player at Ohio State University. Neil is astonished when Brenda reveals that she does not take contraceptive pills or use any other precautions. She angrily rejects Neil's concerns. He prepares to leave, but she decides to persuade him to stay by agreeing to get a diaphragm. At the end of his stay, Neil attends Ron's wedding to Harriet, his college sweetheart from Ohio. Brenda returns to Radcliffe in the fall, keeping in touch by telephone. She invites Neil to come up to spend a weekend at a Boston hotel. However, once they are in the hotel room, Brenda tells Neil she just received letters telling her that her mother found her diaphragm, and that her parents know about their affair. They argue, with Neil asking why she left it to be found, unless she wanted it to happen. Siding with her parents, Brenda ends the affair as abruptly as she allowed it to commence. Neil walks out of the hotel, leaving her alone in the room.
Kyaa Dil Ne Kahaa	Bollywood	romance	Unknown	U.S. settled Esha (Esha Deol) who is attracted to fellow-student Rahul (Tushar Kapoor). Rahul too is attracted to Esha. Esha returns home to India and tells her parents (Raj Babbar, Neena Kulkarni) about her love for Rahul. The family is pleased, and proceeds to finalize the marriage. They accompany Esha to Rahul's house. Rahul's parents (Rajesh Khanna, Smita Jaykar) approve of Esha. But when they ask Rahul, to everyone's shock, he refuses to marry Esha under any circumstances.
For Singles Only	American	romance	Arthur Dreifuss	Close friends Anne Carr (Mary Ann Mobley) and Helen Todd (Lana Wood) move into a singles complex where every tenant must be unmarried and under 30. A couple of neighbors make a wager with bachelor playboy Bret Hendley (John Saxon) that he can't seduce Anne successfully. Bret is too much a gentleman to accept, but when Anne learns the money would pay for Bret's college education, she willingly goes along with a romance. Mr. Parker (Milton Berle), the building's manager, throws an engagement party for Bret and Anne, then proceeds to evict them from the premises. While they work through their issues, Helen endures a traumatic experience, making her consider giving up men for good.
Kanmazha Peyyum Munpe ( കന്മഴ പെയ്യും മുമ്പേ )	Malayalam	romance	Roy	The film tells the story of friendship and love in campus. This film narrates the life of a family when the elder boy of the family, on whom all the hopes rested, got attracted by communist ideologies, renounces religious beliefs, get involved in bloody politics and an attempted murder and was forced to go in exile. From there he and his friend were taken to a terrorist outfit and were eventually shot dead in the encounter between militants and security forces. The film gives the message of the value of family, faith and social living.
Breezy	American	romance	Clint Eastwood	The first scene begins with a young couple awakening in bed, after a one-night stand. An older teen, Edith Alice “Breezy” Breezerman (Kay Lenz) hops out of bed, gets dressed, and steps into the daylight. Breezy lost her parents years before in an auto accident, and lives as a homeless free-spirited hippie in California. That same morning, Frank Harmon (William Holden) is bidding farewell to his overnight guest, a very beautiful blonde that openly shows interest in him. He is only humoring her as she leaves, and the audience gets the first sense of how detached he is emotionally. Middle-aged, divorced and wealthy from his work in real estate, Frank lacks for nothing material. His beautiful post-modern home is the setting for much of the movie. After escaping a bad hitchhiked ride with an unstable stranger, Breezy loiters near Frank’s home, and runs to him as he’s leaving for work. She invites herself into his car and happily insists that he give her a ride to her destination. Again, we see the never-smiling Frank who is now annoyed by the insistence of this young and loquacious girl. Carefree and true to her name, Breezy steals the show with both her charm and her lack of self-awareness. The next scenes develop their friendship, showing Frank’s jaded personality as he becomes slowly more loving toward Breezy. He takes a fatherly approach and gives her room/board, but never acts on sexual opportunities. In a separate side story, he’s conflicted about love lost: a woman named Betty Tobin (Marj Dusay). There is no formal backstory, but it’s clear that they have a history romantically. Betty seems to gently explain she is getting married to a man she very much loves, and Frank pensively accepts this news. There are discussions at their business lunch of how she has made certain life realizations, with an unsaid declaration that Frank is stunted emotionally. As Betty puts it, he’s “lost”. They part as friends, clearly showing that they have mutual respect. Frank and Breezy’s relationship continues to strengthen platonically, and he protects her from trouble. He introduces her to the finer things in life, while Breezy stays true to her humility and charm. On a side note, Frank’s friend and workout buddy Bob Henderson (Roger C. Carmel) is grappling with his own mid-life crisis. He’s not able to end his devoid marriage, which could be perceived as proof that a constrained life is no life at all. Frank takes this into consideration, while still growing closer to Breezy. They consummate their relationship at his home, which is now the protective fortress that allows them to freely express their relationship. Some of the conflicts in this plot are that Breezy maintains friendships with her own peers who are starkly opposite of Frank; they are hippies and carefree, “unwashed” as referenced by Frank. Frank’s friends are established and successful, and while they never seem to question his relationship with her, the imploring question of guilt is rampant in Frank’s mind. He cannot abide that he, at approximate age 50, is in a relationship with a teenager. These conflicts eventually break him, after a sobering discussion with Bob in a sauna. Bob reveals that there is no way he himself could embark on such a relationship, as he might feel like a “child molester”. He has no intention of being insulting, and is in fact admiring Frank, but Frank’s facial expressions convey his own self-loathing. All of his shared joys with Breezy, such as their adopted stray dog and “us against the world” mentality, don’t stop them from parting ways. Frank simply cannot cope with the age issue. Time goes on, and the final dramatic twist involves a death. It is this experience that brings Frank to an epiphany: life is short, and his own projected insecurities are his true enemies. He finds Breezy at a park, where they reunite and start their new life together.
Abhiyum Njanum	Malayalam	romance	S. P. Mahesh	Abhinami /Abhi (Archana Kavi) is a Keralite girl brought up in Mumbai. She journeys to Kerela to meet her cousin Sohan, only to find that he is away from his home. So Sohan's best friend Rahul (Rohit Nair) sets out with her in search of Sohan. Rahul makes Abhi pay for petrol. He makes a stop at fast food restaurant, and again tries to make her pay for his food, which annoys Abhi. But as they journey, a friendship develops between them. They visit friend Jose's home where Abhi chides Jose for complaining about his wife to a stranger. Then they stop at an old age home where Abhi impresses everyone with her skills at playing violin. Then they look for Sohan at a beach, but instead encounter goons who try to harass Abhi and take video of her. But Rahul beats them up and they continue on their journey. Rahul falls in love with Abhi, and confesses it to her. However she gets angry at him, thinking his purpose for being friends with her was to have an affair. Abhi reveals that she intends to marry Sohan according to her dead parent's wishes. On hearing this, Rahul apologizes. Throughout the journey Abhi reminisces her days spend with parents. She tells Rahul story of her parent's death by accident. Rahul comforts her and they continue their search for Sohan, finding out that he will be at a park in the evening. They spend rest of their day shopping and going to a temple. Rahul buys a ring not revealing for who it is. In the evening, the goons from beach follow them, as they speed up and escape. Finally they reach the park where Sohan is. Rahul gives her the ring as a token and wishes her good luck as they part ways. Abhi meets Sohan, but she learns that Sohan has a fiancée, Maya. Abhi does not reveal the purpose of her visit to Sohan after knowing about Maya, and sadly goes to airport, to leave for Mumbai. She tries to call up Rahul, while waiting at airport. But his number shows up as Sohan Menon in her phone. She meets Rahul at airport, and learns he is a pilot. She finds that Rahul is really Sohan Menon, and he put up an act along with his friends to test her, as she is a city girl. Abhi slaps Sohan/Rahul but soon forgives him. They exchange rings at the airport. Abhi sees her parents smile and wave at her.
Vallavan	Tamil	romance	Silambarasan	Vallavan (Silambarasan) is a happy-go-lucky college student with a set of friends, Bala (Santhanam), Subbu (Sathyan) & Suchitra (Sandhya). When they're at the temple, he sees Swapna (Nayantara). He immediately falls in love with her. While Vallavan is at the college, Swapna shows up. She's revealed to be a teacher, who’s three years older than Vallavan. He decides to woo her by turning into Pallan, an ugly duckling with buck teeth and glasses. Pallan makes Swapna fall in love with him for his heart, even though he is ugly and they end up having sex with intension. When Swapna comes to know that Pallan is younger than her (from one of Vallavan's enemies in school) and that too a student, she dumps him and decides to marry another man. Meanwhile, a sequence of events take place, much to the chagrin of Vallavan who is highly insulted by them. As Vallavan walks in the streets wondering how things got so messy, he recalls his school life. When he was in higher secondary school, Vallavan met Geetha (Reema Sen). A hysteric Geetha ensures that Vallavan is mad about her. Coming to know of her true nature, he ends the affair with her. But she is not ready to let him go so easily, so he resolves to teach her a lesson. Geetha returns for payback. She tells him that she was the spoilt sport for the current mess in his life. In a climax displaying her disorder, she kidnaps Suchitra and Vallavan arrives and frees her. The film fast-forwards to 3 years later. Geetha is released from a mental asylum. The moment she steps out, she exhibits her fiery psychotic expression showing that she never actually recovered. Vallavan is waiting for her and they communicate telepathetically with Vallavan saying that she cannot do anything to him.
Ninaithale	Tamil	romance	Viswas Sundar	The story opens with a car accident in which Rupa (Nargis Bagheri) parents are killed due to carelessness of a drunken driver. She becomes an orphan but friends and neighbours support her and she gets a good job. She falls in love with Rahul, her colleague, and she accepts to marry him. On the other side there's Anand (Suchin), who has returned from the United States and who is forced to attend a family friend’s wedding. On the wedding day he meets the bride Rupa and its love at first sight for him. But soon the wedding is called off because of some arguments between Rupa and her future mother in law. Anand is very happy because the marriage gets cancelled. Anand talks to Rupa and he admires her for her boldness. He completely falls in love with her. To win her love, he does lots of things like shifting his house nearer to hers, gradually developing friendship with her and finally entering into her heart. But when she starts to love him, she comes to know that Anand's father was the murderer of her parents. The rest of the story is about if the lovers will be united.
Manik	Bengali	romance	Prabhat Roy	Samir Mitra is an unemployed educated guy who is looking for a job. His father Abir Mitra is a retired person. Samir's mother is suffering from cancer. One day Samir suddenly meets Manik Chandra Sadhukhan. Manik's father is Niranjan Sadhukan, he is also ill. Latika is Manik's younger sister. Manik has come to Kolkata to meet his father's friend Chandrakanta Majumadar who is an established businessman. Manik meets with an accident on the way. Samir tries to save his life. Before his death Manik requests Samir to take care of his father and younger sister; he also tells Samir not to disclose the news of his accident. Manik gives Samir all required information. Samir becomes Manik; he meets Chandrakanta as Manik. Chandrakanta appoints him in his own office. Samir meets Chandrakanta's daughter Ria and wife Manju, Ria and Samir gradually fall in love but Samir feels uncomfortable whenever he thinks that when everybody will come to know the truth that he is not Manik then what will happen. From his salary he maintains his own family and Manik's family. Everybody is impressed with his behavior and honesty. Suddenly Niranjan and Latika come to Kolkata because Niranjan is unwell. Niranjan has lost his eyesight and there is some problem in his heart also. Samir tries to hide from Niranjan but every body comes to know the truth. Kartik Sen, the business rival of Chandrakanta, kidnaps Ria and demands ransom. Samir and Chandrakanta rescue her with the help of police. Samir donates his father's eye to Niranjan. Niranjan gets back his eyesight.
Mungaru Male	Kannada	romance	Yogaraj Bhat	Preetam (Ganesh) is on a visit to Eva Mall in Bangalore; amidst a heavy wind, he spots a pretty girl, Nandini (Pooja Gandhi). While staring at her, he inadvertently falls into a manhole. Nandini rescues him from the pit, but in the process loses her heart-shaped watch she had just bought. While accompanying his mother to Madikeri, Preetam confronts a man named Jaanu (Neenaasam Ashwath). Jaanu, who has been following Nandini, beats Preetam thinking that he is in love with Nandini. Preetam, unaware that Jaanu has vowed not to allow anyone near Nandini, trashes Jaanu and his gang in revenge. In Madikeri, Preetam unexpectedly meets Nandini. He identifies himself and expresses his love towards her and offers to tie the watch as an indication for their marriage. Nandini, who is already engaged, rejects his request. Nonetheless, Preetam vows to marry Nandini if she meets him again. In the meantime, Preetam discovers that his nearly-deaf host in Madikeri, Col. Subbayya, is Nandini's father and that Nandini's marriage is only a week away. Dejected, Preetam throws Nandini's heart-shaped watch away. But Nandini telephones him and taunts him to return. Delighted, Preetam goes in search of her watch and spots a rabbit, which he calls Devadas, and brings it along with the watch. Since Nandini's friends are due to arrive from Mumbai for the marriage, Preetam takes Nandini to the railway station. The train is delayed by five hours, so Nandini and Preetam decide to visit a nearby hill-temple. While returning from the temple, Preetam and Nandini are caught in rain. An old couple offers Preetam and Nandini to take shelter inside their hut. Preetam, still in two minds about expressing his love to Nandini, grabs a couple of toddy bottles, goes out in the rain and starts drinking. However, when Nandini walks towards him, offering an umbrella, he is under a state of intoxication and tells Nandini that he'd better stay away from Nandini to remain a decent boy, rather than to propose or elope with her. Nandini is now in love with Preetam and is in a dilemma as her wedding is due in a few days. She asks him to take her to the top of a waterfall where she expresses her love for him while standing at the edge. Preetam, intent on marrying Nandini, takes Subbayya for a morning jog to discuss the matter. But Subbayya, a heart patient, tells Preetham that he's expected to die anytime and his only aim in life is to get Nandini married to Gautam. The night before the wedding, Preetam goes to a road-side bar to drink. Gautam asks the bar-owner for directions to Subbayya's home; when Jaanu tries to kill Gautam, Preetam saves Gautam and convinces Jaanu that only Gautam is the best person to marry Nandini. The next day, Preetam brings Gautam to the marriage house, just in time for the ceremony, but declines to attend. Gautam asks for the heart-shaped watch as a remembrance but Preetham leaves, unwilling to part with it. There is a search for Preetam, and only his mother knows the truth about his love, but hides her worry. Resignedly, Preetam watches the arch proclaiming Gautham weds Nandini. As he leaves, he spots Devadas and takes it with him. He drives towards Bangalore, all the while expressing his disappointment to Devadas, but later comes to realize that Devadas is dead.
Picture Perfect	American	romance	Glenn Gordon Caron	Kate (Jennifer Aniston) is struggling in the advertising business in New York City: she cannot move forward despite her talent. Her boss, Mr. Mercer (Kevin Dunn), passes her up for a promotion because she is not stable enough. Her co-worker, Darcy (Illeana Douglas), invents a story claiming Kate is engaged to Nick (Jay Mohr), a freelance videographer who lives in Massachusetts, with whom Kate had her picture taken during a friend's wedding All seems to work out well for Kate and she got her promotion. After Nick saves a little girl from a fire and winds up in the news, Kate is forced to bring her alleged fiancé to dinner with Mercer and his wife. She asks Nick to break up with her. Nick, who already likes Kate, complies to please Kate. Meanwhile, Sam (Kevin Bacon), a colleague that Kate had always wanted, takes notice of her. They have sex twice. As Kate and Nick get to know each other, she starts to like him. The night of the dinner arrives and Kate and Nick are prepared for their big fight. But, Nick tries to suppress the fight by complimenting her and expressing the desire for a future with Kate. However, Kate just wants the fight to happen. At the dinner table, Kate tries to drive Nick into a fight but it doesn't work. She pays a restaurant employee to call her number and tries to make it seem like Nick is having an affair with an ex-girlfriend. At first Nick is a bit lost but figures it out and finally plays along. After a week, feeling guilty, Kate admits to Mercer (and several co-workers) her cover-up, stating that she was dressing for the job she wanted, repeating a line that Mercer had used on her earlier regarding her instability. Mercer pays a visit to Kate's office, where she tells him she's quitting. Mercer counters by admitting to her how he exaggerated his own past at one point in his life, as well as suggests she take a few days off to go to Massachusetts and patch things up with Nick. Mercer let her keep her job as an ad exec. Kate walks in while Nick is recording a wedding and he rebuffs her attempts to patch things up until she humiliates herself in front of the soon-to-be-married couple, as Nick did in front of her boss earlier. Satisfied that the playing field has been leveled, he invites her to the wedding reception as his guest. They make up after Kate accepts.
Bangkok Summer	Malayalam	romance	Pramod Pappan	The film tells the story of Shrihari who, in search of his brother Madavan, makes it to Bangkok. In the middle of this search, Shrihari has to face lots of problems and struggles.
Waarish	Bengali	romance	Kaushik Ganguly	The film revolves around the characters Shubhankar (played by Sabyasachi Chakrabarty), Vidhi (Debashree Roy) and Medha (Churni Ganguly). Medha is an ex-flame of Subhankar. Medha becomes pregnant after rendezvous with Subhankar. Though Medha was not married with Subhankar, she denies abortion and gives birth to a son, Megh. Many years later, when Medha is suffering from cancer, comes to meet Shubhankar, discloses about her condition and requests him to take Megh into his care. At this time Subhankar is married to Vidhi. So, he feels hesitant and shocked. Medha stays in Shubhankar's home and tells Vidhi that she is Shubhankar's distant relative. Vidhi starts caring for Medha like her own and makes her stay with them until the treatment is over. Medha's condition worsens and finally she dies.
Madhu	Tamil	romance	K. Thennarasu	Madhu (Ramesh) always roams on a bike. Mercy (Priyamani) and Esther (Jahnavi) are friends and hostelmates. Mercy believes in Jesus. She is very kind and humble towards others. Esther is bold, glamorous in dressing and teases every one. One day when she teases Madhu, he kisses her publicly. Madhu falls love with Mercy at first sight when she rescued a puppy from raining. Madhu often gets the chance to meet Mercy. He comes to the hostel and expresses his love to Mercy. But she denies his love. After examination Mercy goes to her hometown Mahi. Madhu follows her. Her father Siluvai (Ashish Vidyarthi) owes to bring up his daughter to a good position. Madhu becomes the favourite of Siluvai. Esther enters the scene with lots of change in her character. Siluvai comes to know about their love affair. And what is the decision taken by him forms the rest of the story. In the end, both Madhu and Mercy dies by falling down from the hill.
Oliver's Story	American	romance	John Korty	Oliver Barrett IV is emotionally devastated by the death of his young wife Jenny, who succumbed to leukemia. As he tries to lose himself in his work as a lawyer, the long hours don't ease his pain, especially when he finds that his leftist views conflict with those of the senior partners at the firm. Oliver's inconsolable grief begins to alienate those around him, at least until he finds new love with Marcie Bonwit, the wealthy and beautiful heiress to the Bonwit Teller fortune. Despite his affection for her, Oliver finds it difficult to leave the memory of Jenny behind, which causes many problems in their relationship, even as he concurrently begins a reconciliation with his autocratic father. Though Oliver and Marcie eventually part, Oliver and his father reconcile when both men discover things they never knew about each other.
 Offside	Australian	romance	Gian Carlo Petraccaro	Charlie (Terry Rogers) is the good-looking, hard-working brother who runs Uncle Vito's cafe, as well as the local soccer club. He enjoys casual success with women, but is careful to avoid commitment. The other brother,[1] Frank (Peter Evangelista) is an unemployed dreamer who studies the Joga Bonito, Total Football and Johan Cruyff, while functioning as the coach of their suburban football team. For Charlie it is all about winning;[2] for Frank it is all about the pursuit of excellence.[3] Meanwhile, their suburban team is made up of old school friends who have a range of issues of their own. Damon (Peter Michell) is married to Isabella (Elena Carapetis), who is slowly turning her ocker husband into an Italian. Angelo (Sam Tripodi) is married to Lisa (Kimberley Hart); she wants him to focus on starting a family. Kon (Frank Romeo) and Mark (Saxon Cordeaux) are slackers; they work for Sarah (Chloe Gardner), who fancies Charlie. And Charlie fancies Katie (Georgii Speakman), the unattainable sexy blonde with a secret. The guys are all approaching the end of their football careers. Family responsibilities, age and business pressures combine to make this their last season together and they would love to go out as champions. To this end, they embrace serious training and adopt a few questionable tactics. When Uncle Vito (Gabriel Damiani), the godfather of the piece, backs the boys to win the cup to the tune of $50,000, the tensions increase. As the team closes in on an elusive place in the Cup final, Charlie discovers true love, but has to decide if Katie is the kind of girl he can safely take home to mother. Woven through all this is the progress[4] of the Socceroos[5] at the 2006 World Cup finals,[6] with the steady success[7][8] of the Australian team generating enthusiasm[9] amongst Australians[10] who traditionally had no interest in soccer,[11] and increasing inspiration for the boys. It's a fun film, said the producer, Matt Salleh. One that's character-driven, hopefully by characters who resonate with people.[12]
Kaal	Bengali	romance	Bappaditya Bandyopadhyay	KAAL is about prostitution and call-girl services of Kolkata. The girls move from a rural area into a large city after being lured and offered lucrative money by the recruiter Ratan (Rudranil Ghosh). They ultimately become call-girls for the sake of survival. Ranidi (the boss, played by Sandhya Shetty) grooms the depressed and oppressed girls and gives them a complete make over in a short time. The movie depicts the corruption associated with their entire business. The girls reasonably and rightfully accept the fact that money is better than sunshine and sweeter than honey because of poverty. They forget their miserable past. They get caught up in making more money and buying more fun. They understand that surviving in this treacherous world is not possible through love, honesty and humanity. Hence they let themselves drain away in the world of consuming and consumption. The girls are shown traveling to the top hotels in Kolkata. The middleman Ratan is shown trying to go to Singapore. The village police inspector and the other partners in the game(Indian Border Security Force) continue to operate. ---
Tollywood Focus	Bengali	romance	Manas Bose	It is another peek at what goes on behind the glitz and glamour of Tollywood. Swastika plays an actress in a live-in relationship with her director (Amitabha). But the mysterious death of Swastika’s husband keeps haunting her. Satyabrato a boy from Hedua(North Calcutta) started nourishing a dream. His father got astonished hearing such a dream from a lower middleclass family chap. People of their class dream to be a Cost Accountant or sometimes even to be a Pilot but become a B.D.O. (Block Development Officer) at the end. But this boy have gone mad. He wants to be a hero, and in cinemas. Yes Cinemas, that's the most horrid part. If it was serial then there would have been a chance because they need people as because they are never ending. But Satyabrato stood apart. He started exercising physically and mentally. After many days he got in touch with a renowned director, a master craftsman regarding making Thrillers and Murder mysteries- Anirban Choudhury- Everything was going, OK for Satyabrato except his girlfriend who was not at all ready to hear all those bull shit and wanted him to give the SSC exams if he was at all ready to leave his present job. Glitter and glam was a part of life for Ananya. She loved and cherished these as she cherished looks of guys who wanted to be close to her. God gave her all these to hide her past life where she had a torrid experience with a man she loved. Though the man have passed, a scar remained in the minds of the NO 1 heroin. Her beloved husband was a talented director, who had even received a national award at a very young age. But suddenly Anirban came in the life of Ananya. Anirban a very shrude fellow, became very close to Ananya and slowly but surely webbed the heroin with his cunning brain. He poisoned her and insisted Ananya to kill Dipankar... Ananya liked Satyo for his innocence. A softness grew up and one fine evening, a bit drunk with nostalgia she disclosed the hidden truth to Satyo. And SATYO came out to be the one, nobody thought of. A reporter of a reputed News Channel, with a hidden camera.
Hideous Kinky	British	romance	Gillies MacKinnon	In 1972, disenchanted about the dreary conventions of English life, 25-year-old Julia (Winslet) heads for Morocco with her daughters, six-year-old Lucy and eight-year-old Bea. Living in a low-rent Marrakech hotel, the trio survive on the sale of hand-sewn dolls and money from the girls' father, a London poet who also has a child from another woman. After the girls match their mother with gentle Moroccan acrobat and conman Bilal, sexual gears are set in motion. He eventually moves in with them and serves as a surrogate father. Julia's friend Eva urges Julia to study in Algiers with a revered Sufi master at a school of the annihilation of the ego. In another sequence, European dandy Santoni invites Julia and the girls to his villa. As finances dwindle, Bilal's philosophy is God will provide, although usually it is Bilal himself who provides. Sometimes he also disappears. At one point Bea contracts a streptococcus infection while he is gone and nearly dies. Bilal returns only to disappear again, but he has a plan. They discover that three return tickets that suddenly appear have been bought by him with money he got from the sale of his uniform. In the end, Julia and the girls board a train back to London.
Thrill of a Romance	American	romance	Richard Thorpe	Cynthia Glenn (Esther Williams) is a swimming instructor in Los Angeles, California, where she lives with her scatterbrained aunt and uncle Nona and Hobart (Spring Byington and Henry Travers). While demonstrating a dive, she catches the eye of an interested stranger, Bob Delbar (Carleton G. Young). Cynthia receives flowers from the stranger. The two court for one month, then get married. On their honeymoon at the hotel Monte Belva, they encounter the famous opera singer, Nils Knudsen (Lauritz Melchior). Major Thomas Milvaine (Van Johnson), also staying at the hotel, notices Cynthia. A rich colleague, J. P. Bancroft, insists that Bob come to Washington, D.C. to complete a deal. While Cynthia cries over Bob's departure, Tommy, staying next door, comforts her. Next day by the pool, she and Bancroft's daughter, Maude (Frances Gifford) speculate as to which hotel guest is Major Thomas Milvaine, the decorated war hero, who shot down 16... or was it 26 war planes? and was stuck on a deserted island for a month. After Maude teases Cynthia about being at the hotel without her husband, Cynthia performs an elaborate dive and runs into Major Milvaine himself, who can't actually swim, so she teaches him how. For the rest of the week, Cynthia and Tommy continue accompanying each other to dinner and other activities around the hotel, including swimming. On the last day, Cynthia receives a telegram from Bob informing her that he can't return for another week. Tommy is leaving the next morning, and Cynthia is distraught, so she retires to her room. Tommy realizes he loves her, rushes to their adjoining balcony, confesses his love and that he will stay for another week. Cynthia reiterates that she's a married woman, and therefore won't let him hop over the hedge separating their two balconies and make love to her. She calls Bob and begs him to return, but he can't. Cynthia looks for Tommy the next morning, but is told that he has checked out She goes for a walk on the Sunset Trail. Tommy sets off after her on the trail. Bob telephones the hotel and leaves a message that he will arrive the following morning. Tommy and Cynthia spot a tree with initials engraved on it. Cynthia tells Tommy that she loves him but wants to give her marriage a chance, so they should never see each other again. However, they lose their way and are forced to spend the night in the woods. The next morning, Bob can't find his wife in the hotel. When they do return, Tommy tries to explain their disappearance, while Bob realizes that the two are in love. He becomes angry with Cynthia, and announces he wants an annulment. Bob calls his lawyer, learning he was never actually divorced from his previous wife. Tommy leaves to become an instructor at Darwin Field, and Cynthia returns home to her aunt and uncle. Nils Knudsen telephones Tommy, and the two go to Cynthia's house late at night, where they serenade her. Tommy lip-synches Knudsen's voice to a love song to Cynthia. She runs outside to Tommy, and the two share a kiss while Knudsen continues singing, leaving Nona, and a bemused Hobart, to wonder how Tommy can sing and kiss at the same time.
Lucky	Kannada	romance	Dr. Soori	The storyline is light-hearted and revolves around Vikram Kumar alias Lucky (Yash) who is in love with a television anchor Gowri (Ramya). Gowri gives Lucky the cold shoulder, and helping her keep Lucky at an arm’s length is her dog Zoo Zoo. Gowri is compelled to resign from her job and takes over as creative head of an advertising company. Lucky comes for a job interview and figuring that Gowri would probably not let him get a job in her work place, he takes on a different identity, Vicky, complete with new wardrobe and changed hairstyle. Vicky builds a rapport with Gowri and proposes to her. Then, he comes to know that she’s pining for Lucky. Vicky tries to prove that he himself is Lucky but fails everytime as his friend had already destroyed all the things linked to Lucky on his own advice. Gowri strongly believes if it was Lucky, Zoo Zoo would have chased him out. Vicky resigns from job and later turns up dressed as Lucky. Gowri still rejects him saying she has started adoring Vicky. Later she however confesses to Zoo Zoo that she knows both Lucky and Vicky are the same person and that she s rejecting him as she does'nt want zoo zoo to feel abonded. In the end, after seeing how Gowri adores Lucky, Zoo Zoo reunites them. [2]
Nalanum Nandhiniyum	Tamil	romance	Venkatesan	Duraipandi and Arunachalam have a worsening feud, but Nalan, the son of Duraipandi's sister, and Nandhini, Arunachalam's daughter, have known each other from childhood, love each other, get married, and move to Chennai. They hope to heal the feud, but struggle to make it in the big city; Nalan is irresponsible, but Nandhini finds work as a teacher. Her falling pregnant and losing her job is a wake-up call; he tries and succeeds in breaking into the film industry and becomes a successful director.[2][3]
Sambaram	Telugu	romance	K. Dasaradh	Ravi (Nitin) and Geeta (Nikitha) are childhood friends. Ravi is a carefree guy who roams around with friends without concentrating on studies. Geeta is a sincere student who passes engineering studies. Ravi has feelings for her and everybody in the town is aware of it except for Geeta. When she is asked by Nitin's sister-in-law Seeta when she is planning to marry Ravi, she expresses her surprise and says that they are just friends and she has no feelings for him. She shows her materialistic attitude by saying that she wants her husband to be financially and academically stronger than her. Ravi is devastated after listening to her logic. He realizes the importance of being a responsible family member and work as a mechanic to earn money. He becomes proficient in his work and finally gets the visa to work in Dubai. He wants to leave for Dubai as it gives him an opportunity to prove his money-earning ability despite being away from Geeta. Meanwhile, Geeta's father dies and she starts realizing that it takes more than academics and finances to make a man qualified to be a husband. And by that time Ravi is already at the airport. Would Geeta express her love to Ravi before he leaves for Dubai?
The Lady Takes a Flyer	American	romance	Jack Arnold	Daredevil pilot Mike Dandridge goes into a business partnership with flight-school pal Al Reynolds and meets Maggie Colby, who's also a pilot. The two flyers take cargo to Japan, where they become romantically involved. Al is best man at their wedding, then joins the Air Force. Mike hires new pilot Nikki Taylor and might be having an affair with her during business trips while Maggie stays home with their new baby. Maggie decides to fly a shipment herself and let Mike care of their daughter for a change. He and co-pilot Phil take a risk by bringing the baby along on a flight to London. Their plane has difficulty landing in a fog, angering Maggie, whose own plane barely got there safely. But at least Mike and Maggie are brought closer by the experience.
The Woman God Forgot	American	romance	Cecil B. DeMille	As described in a film magazine,[2] Moctezuma (Hatton), the Aztec king, resents the intrusion of the Spanish who have come to convert the Aztecs to Christianity. As Tecza (Farrar), daughter of the king, loves Alvarado (Reid), one of the Spanish captains, she allows the Spanish soldiers to enter the palace. After a terrific battle, she is the only surviving Aztec and the Spanish allow her to depart in peace. Alvarado then comes wooing the last of the Aztecs and wins her.
Ye Maaya Chesave	Telugu	romance	Gautham Menon	Karthik (Naga Chaitanya) is a mechanical engineering graduate but aspires to become a filmmaker. Karthik's family rents the ground floor of a two-storeyed house which belongs to a Kerala christian family who are very conservative Syrian Catholic family from Alappuzha, Kerala, who live upstairs. Jessie (Samantha), their daughter, is 2 years older to Karthik. She has a brother Jerry(Sudheer Babu). When Karthik meets Jessie for the first time, he falls in love with her. Karthik expresses his love one day to her, who is afraid of speaking to men around her strict father, and ends up angering Jessie. Later Jessie goes to Alappuzha, her grandparents' place. Karthik gets to know this from his sister and goes to Alappuzha, along with his friend Krishnudu, where he gets introduces to her family as his classmate. Then Karthik tells her that they can be good friends. After coming to know from her that she is going back to Hyderabad alone, he decides to turn the friendship in to love in the train journey. In the train he kisses her for which she slaps him and later the two meet several times afterwards and Jessie begins to admit that she likes Karthik but wants to refrain from any problems because she knows her father won't accept a Hindu marrying their daughter. Now, Jerry finds that they like each other and in the fight that follows we come to know that Karthik is a part time boxer where he beats up Jerry and his friends. Her parents learn about their affair with this fight and arrange a marriage for her. But at the wedding, she refuses to marry the groom, Roy Thomas, displeasing everyone in her family. Karthik and Jessie continue to love each other without the knowledge of their parents. Suddenly, Jessie is forced by her father to marry and seeks Karthik's help, who was in Goa for a film shooting. Busy Karthik is unable to attend to her calls and messages; Jessie is unable to reach him. After a tense phone call from Jessie, Karthik goes back one night to check on her. An angry and hurt Jessie makes a final decision to break up with Karthik because of her father's strong disapproval of their love. Later on, Karthik learns that Jessie got married and is settled abroad. Two years later, Karthik meets Nandini (Sapan Saran), who falls in love with him. She is rejected by Karthik who cites his previous affair with Jessie whom he can not get over. He then comes up with a script for his first film, which happens to be his own love story. He calls upon Silambarasan Rajendar as the film's protagonist and Trisha Krishnan (who are leads in the Tamil version of the film) as the female lead. The film is eventually titled Jessie. He sees Jessie three years later in the U.S. and thinks she is married. She reveals that she is not. She refused to marry anyone her parents set up because they rejected Karthik. Out of anger, her parents leave. They then get married at a Hindu temple and a church. The film ends at a theater where they watch Jessie.
Romance	American	romance	Chester Withey	As described in a film publication,[2] a youth (Arthur Rankin) in the prologue seeks advice from his grandfather (Sydney), who then recalls a romance of his own youth which is then shown as a flashback. A priest (Sydney) is in love with an Italian opera singer (Keane), and the drama involves the conflict between his efforts to rise above worldly things or to leave with her. The romance ends with a deep note of pathos.
Gokula	Kannada	romance	Prakash	The film is about four orphans who unite each other and plan to make quick bucks to lead a lively life. They enter an elderly couple home and try to loot the property in disguise of being their grand children. The situation turns very emotional as the day pass on and they become very attached to the couple.
Prem Pujari	Bollywood	romance	Dev Anand	Lieutenant Ramdev Bakshi (Dev Anand) is a peaceful, quiet man who is only interested in wildlife and nature. He is sent then to the Indo-Chinese border in the army by his father, a war hero. Here, he refuses to lift his gun and attack. He is then court-martialled. Later, he is captured by the Chinese and humiliated, but when a beautiful Chinese agent promises him a better future by working and spying for her (against India), he agrees, but foils their wicked plans by spying over them. Later, the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965 breaks out. He joins in the action to show what he is made of by killing Pakistani soldiers hiding in the bushes in an Indian village in the Khemkaran sector.
100 Days of Love	Malayalam	romance	Jenuse Mohamed	Balan K. Nair (Dulquer Salman), who calls himself BKN, is a reporter in a famous daily based in Bangalore. After insulting his ex girlfriend on Facebook in a drunken state, Balan feels like his life is not in sync. He is the loser of his family, since his brother Rocky K. Nair; (also played by Dulquer Salman) is a successful doctor. He left his parents' house to become a columnist. He lives with his close aid Ummar (Sekhar Menon), who is a foodie and an avid computer gamer. One day, Balan meets Sheela (Nithya Menon) when they both get into a taxi at the same time. Balan sees her and instantly falls in love. As the taxi drives away, Balan sees Sheela's bag lying on the floor. Inside the bag, there is an old camera with photos of certain places and certain people in Bangalore. Balan and Ummer use the pictures as clues to try to find Sheela. Just as Balan begins to lose hope, he meets Sheela at a hospital by chance, where Sheela reveals that she already knows Balan. Apparently, Balan was her bully back when they were in school, and she was also the reason that the whole school ended up hating him and calling him a Loser. He immediately tries to avoid Sheela in the future. However, she keeps meeting him and poses as his girlfriend in his ex-girlfriend's marriage.Due to this, he is avoided from an embarrassing situation and doesn't lose face in front of his elder brother and his ex-girl friend. He realizes that she is good-natured and falls in love with her again. He talks to her and gets to know her further. She is enjoying life after her studies. Balan helps Sheela to take all the photos of places where her parents fell in love. For the last photo they need to find the old scooter. Balan finds the scooter and they take all the photos and Balan drops Sheela and takes the camera from her and tells her he will edit and give. That night Balan sees Rahul (Rahul Madhav) proposing to Sheela. Balan feels upset and lost. He tries to talk to Rahul, but Rahul ends up being extremely possessive and haughty. Balan tries to win Sheela back, but she says she believes in arranged marriages and does not care about love. At the same time, Ummer tells Balan that he must go to the U.S to work with his dad. Balan's life spirals out of control. He begins to drink excessively, and Sheela becomes worried for Balan. On Sheela's parents' 25th anniversary, Balan forgets to bring the photos as this is the gift Sheela was planning to give her parents. Balan reaches on time but Sheela still shouts at him. When the presentation is displayed she realizes that she was included in all the photos along with her parents, which comes as a surprise for her.Later she regrets scolding Balan and goes to apologize a drunken Balan. He tells that it is easy for him to become like Rahul, however he plans to stay original'.He also tells Sheela that he will come the next morning with the scooter if she was ready to come with him. Next day, Balan plans to go and tells Ummar to give the scooter back but he forgets about what he told the previous night. An excited Sheela comes running out hearing the sound of the scooter expecting Balan but she is disappointed to see only Ummar. They both have a conversation and they head to the railway station where Sheela confesses her love for Balan, and they both live happily ever after.
Bolo Na Tumi Aamar	Bengali	romance	Sujit Mondol	Abhishek meets Madhurima, a medical student in North Bengal. After they return to Kolkata, they keep on bumping into each other. Abhishek works as a pizza delivery boy. Madhurima’s marriage is fixed with Soumyadeep Sen, a cop, as her father saw her with Abishek on her scooter. Since it was Abhishek's fault, he wants to help Madhurima and so he goes and tells Soumyadeep that he loves Madhurima. Soumyadeep being a very ‘nice guy’ calls off the marriage. Meanwhile Madhurima's father fixes her marriage with another guy so Soumyadeep whisks them away and gets them married off. They stay in a huge flat belonging to Soumyadeep. A line is drawn in the house so they don’t cross the line as they stay separately. Slowly they become friends and more indulged in their relation. After Madhurima's exam she got her result and saw that she failed in one subject. Thinking it to be Abhishek's fault, she insults him on his birthday and asks for divorce and also asks him to leave the flat. After some days Madhurima requires 2Lakhs (50,000 at first) immediately as fees to appear for her exams. It is Abhishek who doubles up as a stuntman, signs a contract and quietly goes and pays the money without informing Madhurima as he started loving her. When the results come out, Madhurima becomes the all India topper. She longs to meet Abhishek whom she had asked to leave the house and comes to know he is in hospital as he had injured himself while performing a dangerous stunt. On her way to meet him, Madhurima is taken into custody on some false charges by a cop Inspector Rudra who wanted to take revenge against her father, a retired cop. Abhishek lands up there after getting a call from Madhurima who had managed to call him another person’s phone. He starts beating up the cops, but he gets beaten up himself black and blue .He again somehow manages to get up and again starts bashing up the cops and nearly kills Rudra. Soumyadeep appears there and prevents him from doing so and asks Madhurima’s father to accept them who does so readily.
Issız Adam	Turkish	romance	Çağan Irmak	The film follows the lives of two people who live in Istanbul who happen to meet each other in a second-hand book shop. Alper is from Tarsus. He and Ada live different lives; Alper is a free-spirited man in his thirties who is the owner and the cook of a popular restaurant whereas Ada is a humble girl in her late twenties who designs child costumes for a living. Alper follows Ada to her shop after the initial meeting but she acts coldly towards him and insists that she doesn't want a serious relationship and throws coffee on him. She later calls him to apologize and Alper asks her out once more. She is reluctant at first but agrees to have dinner at his house and they end up sleeping together. It's the beginning of a moving relationship between them. But soon things begin to go wrong. Alper feels his freedom flying away and the need to utilize prostitutes, as he did before he met Ada. He can't bear the weight of a serious relationship whereas Ada is deeply in love and unable to sense anything unusual. Despite Alper's mother's warning about never letting Ada go, Alper breaks up with her just when their relationship seemed at its best. Ada is devastated and slaps him in the face before leaving. Alper seems happy for himself and for her after the break-up but then falls into depression and feels remorse. Four years later, Alper is taking his friend's son to the cinema where he meets Ada, now married with a daughter and living in London. Their conversation is polite and they act as if they were over each other, but in their thoughts we learn that Ada secretly visited Alper's mother and found out more about his past; and that Alper sits every day in front of her shop imagining that she still works there. They share one tearful last hug before Alper leaves confused and desolate as they look at each other for the last time. Ada imagines a happy ending, an ending they deserved. The film mainly emphasises the desolation and seclusion of modern life and its consequences on the romantic relationship between Alper and Ada.
Sasirekha Parinayam	Telugu	romance	Krishna Vamsi	The independent and spirited Sasirekha (Genelia) is ordered by her father to get married to an NRI. She is to see a video of the groom and his house, but stamps on it, declaring she doesn't want to get married. When the groom’s father demands dowry on the wedding day, she runs away from her marriage. Soon after, she runs into Anand (Tarun). They bond well during their acquaintance and the rest of the movie is about how she falls in love with Anand. As it turns out, Anand was the one she was supposed to marry, but due to certain events, the wedding party leaves without him.
Subramanyam For Sale	Telugu	romance	Harish Shankar	Subramanyam or Subbu (Sai Dharam Tej) is a money-minded youth who goes to the US to earn big bucks. One day, he comes across Seetha (Regina Cassandra) who ran away on her marriage day. As time passes by, Seetha gets cheated by her boyfriend and is left stranded in the United States, when Subramanyam comes to Seetha’s rescue and solves her problems. The twist in the tale arises when Seetha requests Subramanyam to come along with her to India. Subramanyam accepts the proposal by demanding a huge amount. The couple lands in India and to their surprise, the entire family misunderstands them to be already married.[2] Meanwhile, Govind (Ajay), a dreaded don is after Subramanyam for him to marry his sister Durga (Adah Sharma).Govind reaches Geetha's marriage and reveals the truth. Seetha returns to the States and after a week Subbu also returns. Seetha asks him about his wife, Subbu says that the marriage was broken. Both of them talk about how they'll marry.
Heartbeat	American	romance	Sam Wood	Professor Aristide (Basil Rathbone) runs a school for pickpockets in Paris. He takes on pupils like Yves (Mikhail Rasumny) and young Arlette (Ginger Rogers) by testing their dishonesty. He takes Arlette even though she fails by only taking bread; she's a runaway from a reform school where she's supposed to stay until she turns 21. Arlette decides to steal just enough to buy into a sham marriage to avoid the reform school. On her first try, however, a well-dressed man (Adolphe Menjou) catches her lifting his stick pin and brings her to his fancy house. He is an ambassador. When Baron Dvorak (Eduardo Ciannelli) arrives, the two agree to a scheme to take Arlette to a diplomatic reception posing as the baron's niece. It's only when they arrive at the reception that Arlette is told that she is to steal the pocket watch of Pierre de Roche (Jean-Pierre Aumont). She does so while they are dancing, but removes a picture of the ambassador's wife which is inside it (Mona Maris). The ambassador is thrilled to find no picture in the watch as he had been worrying his wife might be growing tired of him and has Arlette slip it back into Pierre's pocket. Pierre insists on driving Arlette home and stops along the way to confess how much he likes her; he kisses her and gives her flowers from his garden before dropping her off at the baron's house and extracts the promise that she'll meet him at the train station the next day, as they are both (supposedly) going to Geneva, where she claims to attend boarding school. Arlette then sneaks back to Aristide's school but is confronted by the suspicious master thief, who throws her out when his suspicions that she was freelancing are confirmed. She decides to say goodbye to Pierre at the train station and confesses everything. Although he is angry and misses his train, he ultimately insists that she stay the night at his house and prepares a guest room for himself. The next morning, Pierre's penniless friend Roland (Melville Cooper) arrives to stay while Pierre is in Geneva. Pierre arranges for Roland to sham-marry Arlette in exchange for 10,000 francs. In Geneva, however, he quickly becomes jealous and returns, only to find that Arlette and Roland have hired Yves as a butler and bought clothes he must pay for. Arlette first tries to mollify Pierre and then flaunts her presence when the ambassador's wife shows up. The woman storms out when she finds Arlette's photo in Pierre's watch, a trick that Pierre finds charming. Pierre confesses to Roland that he is in love with Arlette, but Roland convinces him that his reputation would be ruined if he married her. However, Arlette gets cold feet and cannot go through with the wedding ceremony. Pierre refuses her attempts to make up and heads to another embassy reception. Yves explains the problem to Arlette, but the girl insists that the people whose opinion Pierre is worried about are themselves schemers, liars, and cheats and heads to the reception herself. Pierre has a final change of heart but returns to find her gone and races to the reception. Pierre finds Arlette charming the minister (Henry Stephenson) and cuts in to ask Arlette to marry him. The baron agrees that gaining a niece is better than having her spill his and the ambassador's secrets. Pierre and Arlette then have a grand wedding.
Not Quite Paradise	British	romance	Lewis Gilbert	Six naive British and American volunteers arrive on kibbutz Kfar Ezra for a working holiday, exchanging their labour for the opportunity to experience first-hand its unique collective lifestyle. When Mike (Sam Robards), a young medical student, falls in love with Gila (Joanna Pacuła), the Israeli girl who is organizing the volunteers' work and accommodation, he must choose between a life with her and returning home.
Jaani Dyakha Hawbe	Bengali	romance	Birsa Dasgupta	Megh (Parambrata Chatterjee) wants to be a musician and Hiya (Payel Sarkar) is an aspiring model. But both of them couldn't really establish themselves. They meet at a bookstore and fall in love with each other. But a time comes when they had to give more time for their career rather than their love. This resulted in a break-up, with its ill-effects on both lives. It was too late when they realised that they cannot stay without each other. Pat (Shibprasad Mukhopadhyay) is a photographer who handles Hiya's portfolio. He promised Hiya to help her in establishing a career, but later turned out to be a liar who used her for some personal gains. On the other hand, Megh was trying to make an album under the label of Octane, a music company. One of its members was Minakshi (Roopa Ganguly), who tried to help Megh. Megh stayed on rent at Nirupama's (Mamata Shankar) place. It turned out that her ex-lover Ishwar (Anjan Dutt) became the drinking partner of Megh. When Nirupama was out of station, Ishwar secretly reside at her house with Megh, as both he and Nirupama didn't want to face each other. Ishwar was a poor man with no money and in fact, he had none in this world whom he could call as his own, except Nirupama. Their past turned out to be similar as of Megh and Hiya. Ishwar's original intention was to reunite Megh and Hiya. He was later helped by Nirupama, and in the meanwhile, both of them realised that they still loved each other. Finally, they were successful in their mission and all the four lives lived happy thereafter.
Himitsu no Akko-chan	Japanese	romance	Yasuhiro Kawamura	Atsuko Kagami is a childlike, arrogant elementary school girl who has an affinity for mirrors. One day, her favorite mirror which was given to Akko by her mother (or in some versions, by her father, as a present from India) is broken, and she prefers to bury it in her yard rather than throw it to the trashcan. In her dreams, she is contacted by a spirit (or in some cases the Queen of the Mirror Kingdom) who is touched that the girl would treat the mirror so respectfully and not simply throw it away. Akko-chan is then given the gift of a magical mirror and taught enchantments, tekumaku mayakon, tekumaku mayakon and lamipus lamipus lu lu lu lu lu, that will allow her to transform into anything she wishes.[5]
Johny Mera Naam Preethi Mera Kaam	Kannada	romance	Preetham Gubbi	This is a wholesome entertainer. The 'Jaan' of Johny Mere Naam….Preethi Mere Kaam is the wonderful performance of Ramya, Vijay, Rangayana Raghu, Dattanna plus lovely songs and cinematography add to the value of the film. There is lot of fun, memorable songs, color of the film is quite impressive and over all Preetham Gubbi has given a winner. The set erected for this film is glorious and the computer technique for a song is glorious. In the Gandhi Colony Johny is into deals with Rangayana Raghu and Black Bonda (Rakesh). The trio is so funny that the colony is happy with smile always. By mistake the trio accepts one of the deals and kidnap Priya (Ramya). This kidnap does not lead to various complications but Johny is bowled over by the beauty of Priya. His heart starts demanding Priya. He knows that he is very local Priya is international. The series of attempts to please Priya brings Johny very near to her. Johny takes up social service in his colony only because of Priya. To the shock of Johny one day Priya takes him to her boy friend house. Very soon the net chatting boy friend of Priya Rakesh is disclosed as fake. Irritated with it Priya decide to leave to USA. On her way travelling in the car Priya changes her mind and accepts the true love of Johny
Kunguma Poovum Konjum Puravum	Tamil	romance	Rajamohan	Thulasi (Thananya) comes to Muttam village along with her grandmother (Nagamma) after her parent’s desert her. She joins a government school in the village to pursue her studies. Enters Koochan (Ramakrishnan) who falls for her instantly. Koochan's mother Chandra (Agavamma) helps the poor Thulasi to pursue her studies. However coming to know about their romance, Agavamma insults Thulasi and her grandmother and drives them out of the village when Koochan is out on a school tour. A shocked Koochan returns only to meet with a road mishap. Meanwhile, Thulasi, who seeks refuge in a family at Tuticorin is forced to marry a rowdy Drama (Sulile Kumar). On the day of their marriage, he gets arrested by police. His wayward lifestyle invites trouble and he eventually gets arrested for murdering a youth. An annoyed Thulasi returns to Muttam only to see Koochan lost himself in liquor after his love failure. Meanwhile, Koochan resolves to set right Thulasi's life. But things take a turn when Dharma comes to Muttam after getting bail.
Bhalevadivi Basu	Telugu	romance	P. A. Arun Prasad	Sagar (Nandamuri Balakrishna) is a forest ranger. Swetha (Shilpa Shetty) is Sagar's boss. Nemali (Anjala Zhaveri) is a tribal woman. The first half of the film revolves around how Nemali and Swetha try to impress Sagar, but a mysterious woman appears and reveals that the forest ranger's name is not Sagar and he is an imposter. The second half of the film starts with the imposter relating in the flashback that his real name is Prabhu and he is a petty thief who gets to know a person called Sagar, an intelligent unemployed graduate. Sagar has a mother and sister, who made sacrifices to enable him to graduate. Sagar, now a forest ranger becomes close to Prabhu. When Sagar's mother falls ill and she needs one lakh as medical fee Prabhu arranges to get the money by giving a false testimony in court but this misfires and ends in him being imprisoned for life. But he escapes from the police and enters the forest where he sees Sagar severely injured in a car accident. Sagar asks Prabhu to take care of his mother and sister. Since nobody knows the identity of the real Sagar, Prabhu impersonates him as forest ranger where he tries to improve the life of tribal people and ensures that poachers and animal killers are kept at bay. At the same time, pretending to be Sagar he keeps in touch with the Sagar's family. The rest of the story revolves around how the false Sagar arranges the marriage of Sagar's sister before fighting in a routine climax.
Loafer	Bollywood	romance	A. Bhimsingh	Ranjit is a shiftless loafer and pickpocket working for a gang. He falls in love with Anju, but does not know she is spying on him for the leader of a rival gang. The gang leader tries to set a trap for Ranjit, but Anju warns him and he escapes. Ranjit also tries to help his friend, an apple vendor, pretend to be rich because he has lied to his daughter and said that he is a wealthy businessman. Meanwhile, Ranjit must steal some jewels before the other gang steals them first. With the aid of a walking dog toy he tries to steal the jewels and Anju tells the gang leader that she will no longer spy on Ranjit since she has fallen in love with him too.
The Roaring Road	American	romance	James Cruze	As described in a film magazine,[3] Toodles Walden (Reid), an automobile salesman who works for a sporty old automobile distributor J. D. Ward (Roberts), has racing ambitions and is in love with Ward's daughter Dorothy (Little). The old man does not propose to give her up for five years and overreaches in an attempt to stimulate the young man with feigned complaints. They part company, but Ward is in despair when three racing machines are damaged in a train wreck. Toodles buys the wreckage and assembles one complete car with the aid of his mechanic. With this car Toodles wins an important race, then holds up Ward for an increase in pay. There are just a few days left for a record to be broken between Los Angeles and San Francisco, and after Toodles is arrested for speeding, Ward has him released as part of his plot to break this record. Ward kidnaps his own daughter, and Toodles comes to the rescue and breaks the record, and also wins Dorothy.
Aag	Bollywood	romance	K. Ravi Shankar	Orphaned at a very young age, Raju lives a poor lifestyle with his unmarried sister, Laxmi, in India. Both are of marriageable age. One day Raju meets an attractive fellow-collegian, Parul, and after a few encounters with another fellow-collegian, Bobby, both fall in love. But Parul's uncle, Jagpal, has already arranged her marriage with Police Inspector Suryadev Singh. When Suryadev finds out that Parul is refusing to marry him, he arrests Raju on a charge of murder, holds him in a cell, and beats him mercilessly. Laxmi, quite dramatically, takes a gun from a policeman, and helps Raju escape so as to prevent Parul from being forcibly married to Suryadev. They do manage to arrive in time, only to find out that Parul has consumed poison and killed herself. Raju is beside himself with rage, but is captured by the police, and watches helplessly as Parul is cremated. His horrors have not ended as Suryadev sexually assault's Laxmi and leaves her in a mentally unstable condition. Raju takes Laxmi with him to a small village, where he hides her from other people as she has become visibly pregnant, and changes his name to Birju. He meets with a lovely village belle by the name of Bijli, who wants to marry him. What Raju does not know is that Bijli is a plainclothes policewoman, Inspector Barkha Sharma, who has been assigned to arrest him at any cost. She does confront him, and he confesses to killing Parul's uncle, Jagpal, and Barkha calls for reinforcements to escort Raju to jail. The Inspector in charge of the reinforcements is none other than Suryadev — and this time he is determined to finish Raju once and for all.
Cool...Sakkath Hot Maga	Kannada	romance	Ganesh	The film has supposedly a comedy and romance mixed storyline. Ganesh plays a college going student in the film. The film has been shot in some picturesque locations such as Egypt, Dubai and Jordan and Middle East.[2]
Break Ke Baad	Bollywood	romance	Danish Aslam	Abhay Gulati (Imran Khan) and Aaliya Khan (Deepika Padukone) have been friends since childhood. Aaliya has always loved acting, since her mother is an actress. Her father left her and her mother. Abhay likes cooking but his father wants him to take care of his business. Eventually Abhay and Aaliya start dating but Aaliya does not want to marry. An opportunity comes for Aaliya to go to Australia for acting school which she takes. She goes to Australia where she has to live with her strict aunt. She then moves into a bungalow where a bunch of young people live for cheap. Abhay gets paranoid and comes to Australia, annoying Aaliya because she feels he doesn't trust her and they break up. Abhay opens a restaurant and it becomes a big hit. Aaliya and Abhay slowly become friends again. Aaliya finishes acting school and Abhay's father finds out about his restaurant. Abhay and Aaliya's mother, Ayesha (Sharmila Tagore) come for Aaliya's graduation. Aaliya gets an opportunity to work in a movie and signs the contract without telling her mother, thereby enraging her. Soon Abhay leaves Aaliya too, because she is selfish. Realizing she is wrong and that she can't go on without her mother's support, she quits the movie and rushes back to India to get back things on track with her mother. Soon, her mother realises that Aaliya is strong to face the world and can come to terms with her mistakes rather easily than her mother herself was capable of, so she allows her to act in the movie and sends her back again. However, soon she return to the same Australian city for shooting her movie, and meets Abhay, who tells her he still hasn't moved on. She apparently, convinces him to move on and get married. However, she is stunned when she comes to know from another friend that Abhay is going to be married. Puzzled as to why he didn't tell her first about the news, Aaliya rushes to Abhay's house and finds him getting ready to get married. Aaliya begs him to re-think his decision, proposing to him with the very ring he was considering for her once upon a time. She confesses her love to him and tells him that she is really in love with him. Abhay, realising Aaliya's regret and love for him, shows her his wedding invitation which has her name, implying he intended to marry her all along. She is happy and they embrace, making up. The end credits show that the two are married, and have a daughter named Sara.
Antaratama	Bengali	romance	Soumya Supriyo	This film, a big screen adaptation of Sarat Ch. Chattopadhyay’s SWAMI is about a girl Soudamini (Srilekha Mitra) who is an educated girl and stays in the village with her mother, a widow and her uncle who is very close to her and in like a father to her as she has lost father before. Her mother desperately wants to get her married though her uncle is willing to give more time to find a suitable groom for her. One day Naren (Shyamal Akash), son of the Jamindar arrives after years though Soudamini fails to recognize him. Gradually they bond together and fall in love. Meanwhile her uncle comes across a good marriage proposal and goes to the groom’s house and fix Soudamini’s marriage. On his way back he falls seriously ill and dies. Before his death, he makes his sister promise him that she should only get her daughter named to Ghanashyam (Chiranjit) the groom-to-be of Soudamini whom he had met and liked though he was not qualified. Soudamini gets married to Ghanashyam as she had waited long enough for Naren who had away, but did not return. After her marriage Soudamini discovers that several family members who reside with her husband her all dependent on Ghanashyam and live off him yet don’t care the list about him or his whereabouts of them needs are fulfilled the only exception being her widow young sister-in-law who is very close to Ghanashyam. Naren comes back and discovers Soudamini is married. He turns up at Ghanashyam’s house as he turns out to a friend of Nikhil, Ghanashyam’s younger brother. Soudamini’s mother-in-law sees Soudamini talking to Naren and informs Ghanashyam, buthe doesn’t tell Soudamini anything. Soudamini discovers a letter one day which says that her house in her village has been burned down due to a fire and also she discovers her jewellery missing. She confronts Ghanashyam this issues and insults him. But he is as usual calm and composed and doesn’t tell her the worth. Naren asks her to join him and leave the house forever one night. Soudamini is confronted by Bishnupriya, her sister-in-law, who tells her the worth regarding the house and the jewellery. Soudamini nevertheless goes with Naren but she feels guilty midway and wants to come back. Naren asks her to reconsider her decision but she is adamant. Naren deserts her and goes away. She decides to drown herself, but prevented from doing so by her husband.
Portrait of Jennie	American	romance	William Dieterle	In 1934, impoverished painter Eben Adams (Joseph Cotten) meets a fey little girl named Jennie Appleton (Jennifer Jones) in Central Park, New York City. She is wearing old-fashioned clothing. He makes a sketch of her from memory which involves him with art dealer Miss Spinney (Ethel Barrymore), who sees potential in him. This inspires him to paint a portrait of Jennie. Eben encounters Jennie at intermittent intervals. Strangely, she appears to be growing up much more rapidly than is possible. He soon falls in love with her but is puzzled by the fact that she seems to be experiencing events that he discovers took place many years previously as if they had just happened. Eventually he learns the truth about Jennie and though inevitable tragedy ensues, she continues to be an inspiration to Eben's life and art, and his career makes a remarkable upturn, commencing with his portrait of Jennie.
Adhe Neram Adhe Idam	Tamil	romance	M. Prabhu	Karthik(Jai) falls in love with Janani (Vijayalakshmi). Although she is reluctant at first, she later accepts his love. After Janani's approval, Jai goes to Australia as per his father states in order to finish his education. In the time that Jai had gone, Janani's parents arranged another groom for her. Janani thought the groom was more handsome, richer and she would live a better life with him. Therefore, she agrees to marry him. However,fate plays with them again. When Jai is coming back from Australia, he meets a man. He chats with the man and soon they become friends. He tells the man about his love story and how his lover had betrayed him for someone better. The man tells him that the best way to teach her a lesson is to show vengeance and ruin her life. As a result of the man's advice, he seeks revenge and forces Janani to sleep with him and other malicious actions. As the film progresses, the major plot twist that shocks the audience is the fact that the man that Jai had met was in fact the man that Janani betrayed Jai for. The man had been both a barrier and facilitator for their love to become united. In the climax, Janani tries to sleep with Karthik after being disappointed with Siva. However in a sudden turn of events, Karthik kills her for betrayal in spite of that he regrets for killing her and Siva goes back sadly after coming to know that Janani is no more.
Soggade Chinni Nayana	Telugu	romance	Kalyan Krishna	Ram Ramu Mohan is a socially-inept cardiologist practicing in the United States. His wife, Seetha, feels lonely since Ramu pays very little attention to her because of his work. They decide to divorce and leave for Sivapuram, Rajahmundry, where Ramu's mother Satyabhama lives. Satyabhama, shocked to learn that Ramu and Seetha are divorcing, shouts at a portrait of her deceased husband Bangarraju (a benevolent, flirtatious zamindar who died nearly 30 years ago in an accident). Bangarraju's soul is in Naraka, where he continues to flirt. Yama, at Shiva's command, sends him back to earth because there is a mission only he can fulfil. Bangarraju, who can be seen and heard only by Satyabhama, tries to solve his family's problems. After several unsuccessful attempts, Bangarraju possesses Ramu's body on his birthday. He meets Ramu's young female cousins, and invites them to his home. On his way back Ramu meets Suri, a frightened drunk who runs away as Ramu and Bangarraju look identical. To free himself from guilt, Suri later admits that he murdered Bangarraju with a lorry after he was bribed. Before he can disclose more details, Suri dies in an accident and Bangarraju learns that his family is in danger. Ramu spends quality time with his cousins, making Seetha jealous. Bangarraju is confronted by Satyabhama, who is unaware of recent events. He suggests that she help Seetha impress Ramu. At Satyabhama's suggestion, Ramu and Seetha go to a theatre to watch a film. When she is taunted, Ramu (possessed by Bangarraju) overpowers her tormenters. Seetha is pleasantly surprised, since Ramu failed to confront the same group earlier in a similar situation. The couple slowly grow closer, and Seetha realises that Ramu does love her. Bangarraju learns from Athmanandam, a godman who can communicate with souls, that his uncle Rudraraju masterminded his murder. Rudraraju and his cousin, Veerababu, wanted to steal jewellery from a 1,000-year old temple to Shiva. They murdered Bangarraju, bribing Suri to silence him. After Rudraraju's son dies when he is bitten by a divine snake, a tantrik warns that only Bangarraju's descendants can open the lock; others would be killed by the snake. The tantrik captures Bangarraju's soul and gives a few threads to Sampath, Rudraraju's grandson, telling him to tie them to the hands of every member of Bangarraju's family to keep his soul from communicating with them. After Sampath and the others leave, the snake kills the tantrik and saves Bangarraju's soul. Bangarraju reaches the temple, where Satyabhama can neither see nor hear him and he cannot possess Ramu. Rudraraju and Sampath attack Ramu and Seetha after the jewellery is removed from the treasury. Rudraraju tells his henchmen to put the couple in a car with the jewellery, which will make the villagers think that they are the thieves. The thread to Ramu's hand comes loose, and Bangarraju possesses him. Bangarraju fights them and retrieves the jewellery before leaving Ramu, who operates on an injured Seetha in a nearby hospital. Satyabhama removes the thread and can see Bangarraju. Ramu and Seetha reconcile, and Yama orders Bangarraju to come back in accordance with Shiva's instructions. When Satyabhama begs Bangarraju to stay, Yama gives him a chance to wipe away her tears. He asks her to keep smiling and live happily for his sake, and returns to Naraka.
Amudhey	Tamil	romance	Ezhil	Dhinakar (Jai Akash) hailing from an ordinary middle-class family and Nancy, a software engineer and sole breadwinner for her family, are neighbors in love with each other. But their dreams of getting married are shattered when their self-centered parents decide on proposals of their own choice. Notwithstanding the overbearing parental pressures, Nancy marries Victor, a multimillionaire businessman, while Dhinakar marries his cousin - but not before the lead pair enter into a sly pact. Dhinakar and Nancy contrive to marry the spouses chosen by their parents, only to officially dissolve their unhappy unions later and thereby pave way to their union. After a sequence of events, Nancy successfully convinces Victor about her unreserved enthusiasm for her past love. Nancy gets her divorce and takes the first step towards making a fresh start, but events overtake her in an unexpected final act. 
April Love	American	romance	Henry Levin	Nick Conover (Pat Boone), a Chicago youth, arrives at his Aunt Henrietta Bruce (Jeanette Nolan) and Uncle Jed Bruce (Arthur O'Connell), Kentucky horse farm. Neither has seen Nick since he was a child. The move is part of Nick’s parole condition after being convicted for joyriding in a stolen vehicle with his friends. Uncle Jed initially does not want Nick in his home, and is openly hostile toward him. Only the Bruces and the local sheriff know why Nick moved there. Nick gradually realizes that Uncle Jed’s curmudgeonly attitude stems from the loss of his only son, Jed Bruce Jr. who was killed in the Korean War. Uncle Jed, who once raised, trained, and raced horses for harness racing, has neglected the farm. Only one horse remains, a spirited and largely unmanageable stallion named Tugfire, his son's favorite. Nick learns how unmanageable Tugfire when he gets into the corral alone with Tugfire, who charges him. This incident and others show that Nick is not drawn to or knows anything about horses. Nick meets the Bruces' neighbors, the Templetons, after the younger Templeton daughter, Liz Templeton (Shirley Jones), arrives to invite Jeb and Nick to their farm. Nick goes, and is amazed at how lavish the Templeton farm is compared to his aunt and uncle’s. Liz is the tomboy and farm lover, while her elder sister, Fran Templeton (Dolores Michaels), who has a boyfriend Al Turner (Bradford Jackson), is the sophisticate. While Liz drives one of the horses around the track, Nick, ignoring Liz, is attracted to Fran and her sports car, even checking under the hood. Fran offers to let him drive it, which he declines as that would break the conditions of his parole, something which she does not know. His love of anything mechanical becomes evident as he fixes Uncle Jed’s tractor without being told and, with Uncle Jed’s approval, fixes the old jalopy sitting in the barn, which he can only drive around the property. Liz, attracted to Nick, helps him with the jalopy to spend time with him. Nick spends time with both Templeton girls and sees Liz as a good sport and Fran as girlfriend material, though she is with Al. The four get along well together, despite Liz knowing that Nick is attracted to Fran. Liz’s attraction to Nick continues to grow. At a barbecue, Nick boasts to Fran that his jalopy could outperform her sports car in a drag race. Fran suggests they race on a back country road. Even though it violates his parole condition, Nick agrees. During the race, Fran drives off the road, crashing through a fence, and damaging her car. She and Al are not hurt. While driving his jalopy around the track, Nick spooks Tugfire, who jumps the corral fence and runs off. Tugfire, tangled in prickly brambles, is freed by Nick. Uncle Jed and Aunt Henrietta are surprised to see a calm Tugfire being led by Nick. Uncle Jed believes that he can train Nick to ride Tugfire in harness races, despite Nick knowing nothing about horses. Eventually, Nick’s training goes well enough, but Liz believes. Shortly before the harness races at the Bentonville Fair, Tugfire becomes ill after Nick leaves him in the corral during a severe storm. The vet does wht he can to treat Tugfire. Late into the night with Nick, Liz and Uncle Jed keeping vigil, Tugfire gets up. After a quick examination, Uncle Jed believes he will be able to race. In the excitement of Tugfire’s improved condition, Liz gives Nick a quick kiss, which is the first time Nick sees Liz in a more romantic light. At the fair, Nick and Liz declare their romantic interest to each other, culminating with them almost kissing on the ferris wheel. About the races, Nick is told that he only has to win one of the two heats to make it into the finals. He and Tugfire do win the first heat, largely because he was an unknown racer, and thus no one paid any attention to him. In the second heat, he is boxed in by the Templetons' rider, their wheels locked. As the Templetons' rider will not let him pass on the inside, Nick hastily tries to muscle his way through. He crashes and the sulky is damaged. Uncle Jed decides to pull Nick and Tugfire from the finals because he realizes he has placed too much pressure on Nick. Nick, however, wants to race in the finals, with a sulky donated by Mr. Templeton. In the finals, Uncle Jed, from the sidelines, has in his mind what Nick needs to do, Nick doing exactly that during the race. Nick drives down the stretch to win the race. His victory is overshadowed by the fact that immediately after the race, the local sheriff has come to arrest Nick and send him back to Chicago for parole violation. Not knowing it would cause any problems, Fran filed an accident report about her automobile crash, stating Nick was driver of the other vehicle. Liz steps in to say that Fran was mistaken, and that she was the driver, a story which Fran corroborates. Aunt Henrietta pipes in as well saying that she can also corroborate the story, when in reality she was not even at the scene. Nick, wanting to do the right thing, confesses that Fran’s report as is correct. The sheriff, who earlier had been told by Mr. Templeton to let Nick be since it was a minor infraction and no one got hurt, then asks Nick sarcastically why he would call Liz, Fran and Aunt Henrietta liars. They are all jubilant that Nick is not arrested and is able to stay, leading to a happy ending for Nick and Liz as they all drive back to the farm.
Frozen	Hong Kong	romance	Derek Kwok	The Film tells story of Gigi and Kit who meet in high school and fall in love against her father's wishes. They elope when Gigi discovers she is pregnant with their child. However, their lives change when Gigi gets into a car accident and gives birth to their daughter.
Jawab	Bollywood	romance	Ramaana	Raja (Jeetendra) lives with his widowed sister Divya (Meena Kumari) in a small village. He is constantly being made a target by the oppressive local Zamindar (Ashok Kumar) and his two children, Sagar (Prem Chopra) and Chanchal (Leena Chandavarkar). The land owner's children decide to take revenge on Raja by getting Sagar married to Raja's sweetheart Neela. The Zamindar also molests Raja's sister, who kills herself. With his Neela married and his sister dead, a devastated Raja heads to the city. Once there, he attempts to put his life together and forget the past. It is then that he meets with another victim of the Zamindar, Bajrangi (Mehmood), and together they conceive a plan that will avenge them against their oppressors. The question is, will they succeed or will there be more victims?
Dil Hi Dil Mein	Bollywood	romance	Kathir	Raja (Kunal) is from a very poor, illiterate family, from Tamil Nadu (in the Hindi version he is from Allahabad). People from his region consider that education is meant only for the rich. There, poor boys are made to work from age 5, either at factories or farms, so that they can support their families. But, Raja's mother forced his father to let Raja study up-to class 2, without any work. But he refuses to fund him, and orders him to start work as accountant for their landlord. Raja's dad is violent and an alcoholic. He spends the family's income on alcohol. Raja's family struggles to work hard everyday. Raja's mom requests him to move to Mumbai to start a new life. Raja approves his mom's request and moves to Mumbai to attend Ramachandra College. The movie starts off at a train station on New Year Day, 1999. Raja talks with a person (Manivannan in the Tamil version, Anupam Kher in the Hindi version) who was well-wishing him. Due to insistence, Raja goes into a flash back. 3 years ago, he reaches Mumbai, where he plans to get admitted into the prestigious Ramachandra College of management, one of the most premier institutes in the nation. He gains admission for an MBA program at the Ramachandra College in Mumbai, though he was in 41st rank,in admission tests, for the 40 member class, with the help of the college chairman, Ramachandra (Nassar), but he doesn't realize this at first. He thought that he managed to get a seat due to his own abilities. This was because Ramachandra saw raja sleeping on the same enclave-side bench, where he slept without having anything else than the thought of providing quality education to all, 40 years ago. Ramachandra was born to a poor illiterate family and his father abandoned them after his sister's birth. Out of his desire to become a student, his mother rents the baby sister for beggars, to pay fees. But the poor baby dies and this pushes Ramachandra to create the best institute in India, by hard work. He brings up his daughter, in a humble manner, all alone after the death of his wife. Raja meets Roja (Sonali Bendre) through the Internet. After a brief introduction, Raja and Roja started loving each other. They have yet to see each other and thus, they sent their pictures through e-mail to each other. As Roja checks her e-mail and sees Raja's photo, Raja enters the Net Cafe where Roja was. Then, they meet each other. They are initially shocked by seeing each other as Roja told him that she is in America and Raja told her that he is in London, although they were both in India and were studying in the same college. The very next day, Raja meets Roja again in the train station where he usually comes to board the train. Again they are both surprised and were speechless when they saw each other. However, things take a turn for the bad when they are both unable to express their feelings about each other due to fated accidents. Raja wanted to see if Roja really likes him by asking her to wear a rose on her head. But, as she walks towards the train station, her rose drops off. Unaware of this, Raja believes that Roja really doesn't like him. Ramachandra meets him and tells him to be practical. He suggests that Raja should write her a love letter. As Raja doesn't know how to write one, Ramachandra helps him. Even his daughter, Roja, helps him write a letter for Raja, unaware that it was for Raja that the father was writing it. The next day, Raja meets her in the train station and gives her his books, with the love letter inside of it. Not knowing why he gave her his books, she just skims through his books, accidentally causing his love letter to fly away. However, Roja does write a love letter to him too. As she returns his books, a long-lost friend of Raja meets him on the train station. Raja writes the address on the first page of the book and tears it off to give to his friend. Unfortunately, he wasn't aware that Roja wrote her love-letter right behind it. He feels disappointed and doesn't show interest to Roja, causing her to think that he doesn't like her. Ramachandra comes to the rescue again and asks Raja to write another love letter and give it to her the next day, which happens to be Valentine's Day. When Raja comes to express his love for Roja, he finds out that Roja is the daughter of Ramachandra, who had decided to marry his daughter with Rajesh Gupta, who is a smart and wealthy man. Rajesh's father owns the second best private University in India and wants to merge Ramachandra's by his son. Roja makes a last attempt to find out if Raja likes her or not. She sends him an e-mail stating that she loves him. On the other hand, Raja doesn't want to hurt the feelings of his beloved guide and teacher, who he respects as his father. Thus, he sends her an e-mail stating that he is unable to return his feelings for Roja. Roja unwillingly accepts to the wedding, as she knew there was no hope that Raja will fall in love with her. Raja leaves the wedding hall and plans to leave back to his hometown the night itself, which goes back to the beginning of the story. Coincidentally, Ramachandra overhears his conversation between Raja and his friends and realizes that he is in love with his daughter. He goes to the train station to stop Raja, asking him to return and propose to his daughter. Raja and Ramachandra reach the wedding hall just in time to stop the wedding from taking place. But as they make their way, Roja faints due to ingesting poison in a suicide attempt (this scene is not shown in the Hindi version). In the Tamil version, Raja and Roja are married on Valentine's Day, and the movie ends with showing them marrying. In the Hindi version, Raja and Roja confess their love for each other and the movie ends with them embracing.
Seeta Aur Geeta	Bollywood	romance	Ramesh Sippy	Seeta and Geeta (Hema Malini in a dual role) are twin girls who were separated at birth. Geeta, a feisty girl is raised in a poor neighborhood and is a street performer, while Seeta is raised by her cruel aunt Chachi and meek uncle. Chachi treats Seeta like a servant, despite the fact that the family is living off her late parents' money. Seeta's only consolation is her old wheelchair bound grandmother. One day, Seeta decides life is not worth living and runs away to commit suicide. She is saved but is mistaken for her identical twin Geeta and is taken to Geeta's home. Meanwhile, Seeta's aunt and uncle are frantically searching for her and find Geeta. They attempt to force Geeta to go with them but, using some of her clever tricks, she escapes them and the police who have been searching for her. She then meets Ravi (Sanjeev Kumar) and, though he also mistakes her for Seeta, she goes home with him. Ravi is surprised by this Seeta and the Seeta he had met previously. Geeta realizes the cruelty that Seeta has been living under and vows to teach her aunt a lesson. Meanwhile, the real Seeta is living in Geeta's house. Her surrogate mother has attributed her new docile attitude to shock. Here, Seeta meets Raka (Dharmendra), Geeta's friend and fellow performer. Raka is also surprised by Geeta's sudden gentle nature and desire to do housework. When he tried to coax her into performing, she is unable to do so. Ravi meanwhile falls in love with Geeta. At home, Geeta begins to set everything on a proper course. She resumes control of the money and restores her grandmother to the head of the household, where she belongs. Raka begins to fall in love with Seeta. Trouble begins brewing when Chachi's brother Ranjeet comes to visit and sees the real Seeta in a marketplace. He follows her and discovers the truth, which leads to a showdown in the villains' den and then marriage.
Manchali	Bollywood	romance	Raja Nawathe	The story is about a rich spoiled girl who does not want to get married and hires a husband.
Pyaar To Hona Hi Tha	Bollywood	romance	Anees Bazmee	Sanjana (Kajol), an exceptionally clumsy woman, lives in Paris with her uncle (Harish Patel) and is about to marry her love, Rahul (Bijay Anand). Rahul is about to go to India on a business trip and Sanjana insists on going with him, even though she has an intense fear of flying. When the plane is ready to take off, Sanjana's fear gets the best of her and she creates havoc on the plane, managing to get herself off the aircraft safely. A few days later, during Rahul's daily phone call to Sanjana, he blurts out that he has fallen in love with Nisha (Kashmira Shah) and intends not to come back to Paris to marry Sanjana. Sanjana decides to fly to India and get Rahul back whatever the cost, including overcoming her fear of flying. As the plane is about to take off, a passenger named Shekhar (Ajay Devgn) sits next to her. He realizes that Sanjana is scared of flying, so he diverts her attention by provoking her. During the flight, Sanjana accidentally spills a drink on Shekhar and realizes that he is hiding something. Shekhar goes to the toilet, and while inside he pulls a plant wrapped in a cloth out of his pocket. He unwraps the cloth covering the plant, revealing a diamond necklace that he had stolen from Paris. After returning to his seat, he slips the necklace into one of Sanjana's bags in order to sneak it by customs. After a chaotic journey, the plane lands in India. Sanjana's bags, however, are eventually stolen, and Shekhar decides to stay with her as a way of staying close to the necklace. Meanwhile, Police Inspector Khan (Om Puri) is after Shekhar for stealing the necklace. Shekhar and Sanjana end up in Shekhar's native village, where they participate in the festivities surrounding the wedding of Shekhar's sister, Chutki (Purnima Talwalkar). Shekhar falls in love with Sanjana but does not tell her. Meanwhile, Sanjana finds out that Shekhar wanted to earn money for the surgery of his nephew (Mohsin Memon), who needs a heart transplant. She tells him that she has had the diamond necklace all along, while Shekhar promises to help Sanjana find Rahul. Rahul has gone to Palam Beach with Nisha, and Sanjana, still in love with Rahul, is determined to separate them. She and Shekhar go to Palam Beach and find Rahul and Nisha, and Shekhar pretends to be Sanjana's boyfriend to make Rahul jealous, all the while being careful not to reveal his true feelings to her. Sanjana, unfortunately, opts for another plot – acting as a rich heiress – and makes Rahul rethink his relationship with her. Shekhar and Sanjana are invited to Nisha's birthday party, where she announces that she and Rahul are engaged. Sanjana is shocked, and in a moment realizes that she has fallen for the brooding, intense Shekhar. However, she does not tell him, not knowing that he loves her as well. One day, Inspector Khan finds Sanjana and tells her that Shekhar has stolen the necklace, and that he wants it back without having to arrest him for theft. Sanjana, knowing how important the necklace is for Shekhar, gives it back to Inspector Khan but tells her boss in Paris to get all her francs, convert them to rupees, and give them to Shekhar. She then tells Shekhar that she sold the necklace, and that she has decided to return to France. After Sanjana leaves, Inspector Khan tells Shekhar what Sanjana did for him, and he rushes off to the airport to tell Sanjana of his love. He manages to stop her flight from taking off. Shekhar tells Sanjana he loves her, and she tearfully confesses that she loves him too. The two embrace on the plane in front of the cheering passengers.
Neel Rajar Deshe	Bengali	romance	Riingo Banerjee	This adventure story for kids actually revolves around a naughty and adolescent kid, Raja’s (Aryann Bhowmik) adventures during his holidays spent in his home in the picturesque backdrop of North Bengal at the foothills of the mountains. Once, while he is playing with his bunch of friends and kid sister Chhoti (Tathoi Deb), near the forests, he discovers a child, his body covered with festering wounds from rat bites and mice bites, hidden in a big hole in the ground. He finds out from a television news channel that Neel, the son of wealthy parents, has been kidnapped and kept hidden in the hole for a ransom. The chief kidnapper, a sinister character named Pandey is hiding in Raja’s house as Raja’s father, a taxi-driver, is involved in the kidnapping. In a moment of greed, he helped deliver the kidnapped child in his taxi. Pandey panics when he realises that Raja has chanced upon the truth and holds Raja’s family captive in their own house.
Dil Pardesi Ho Gayaa	Bollywood	romance	Unknown	Major Ram is one of the few soldiers from the Indian Army who have been held captive in Pakistan, following the war with India. The Indian army and politicians are unable to make any decision so as not to jeopardize the lives of the captives. Major Ram's brother, Arjun, alias Sunny decides to take it upon himself to enter Pakistan and get his brother free. He now calls himself Salman. On the way he meets with beautiful Ruksar and both fall in love with each other. Unfortunately for them, they cannot be married, so they elope, leading to an unrest within their community, and a hunt is on for them. Salman and Ruksar chance upon the prison camp that is housing Ram, and do get him free, only to find themselves trapped by Pakistani soldiers.
Ishtam	Tamil	romance	Prem Nizar	Saravanan is modern city guy while Sandhya is a village modern girl who came to city to find a job. Sandhya meets Saravanan while going to an interview. At first they had some disagreements and fought. Then, it turn into love and they had a relationship. They decided to marry and their parents did not agree, but they still got married and started to live happily at Saravanan's place. They were happy for few months, but they did start to disagree and fight, so they decided to divorce. Both of them went to their parents house to live separately. Their parents decided to get them a new life partner. At first they agreed with their parents decision. But then the love between Sandhya and Saravanan is rekindled since they miss each other. They decided to cancel their second marriage and live together happily.
Sally, Irene and Mary	American	romance	Edmund Goulding	The film takes a behind-the-scenes look at the romantic lives of three chorus girls and the way their preferences in men affect their lives.[1] Sally is brassy, self-assured chorine in search of a sugar daddy. Irene is a romantic girl easily seduced by con men. Whereas Mary is the true heroine of the story, leaving the sordidness behind to settle down [2]
Vasu	Telugu	romance	A. Karunakaran	After graduation, Vasu (Venkatesh) runs a college canteen, music school and teaches music for seven years to make his living. His father (Vijay Kumar) is an IPS officer and he wants Vasu to appear for Civil Services examinations to take up IPS career. But Vasu has different plans for his future. He dreams of becoming a musician and a singer. One fine day a young IPS officer comes to Vasu's places to seek the blessings of Vasu's father. He admits that Vasu's father is the source of inspiration for him to become an IPS officer. Vasu's father dejected that his son does not heed his advice of giving civils exams, feels bad about his son. Meanwhile, Vasu spots a beautiful girl Divya (Bhoomika Chawla) on the street. He plays every possible trick to woo her. But all his plans backfire on him and make himself a fool in the eyes of Divya. Vasu father spots Vasu bashing the guys up in the streets and asks him to leave the house and stay outside. Vasu leaves the house. Divya comes down to Vasu's place along with her luggage when Vasu was about to leave the house. Later on, Vasu comes to know that Divya is the daughter of Vasu's father's childhood friend. Vasu sees this as an opportunity to get close to Divya. He returns to his home and promises that he won't touch music again and concentrates only on his studies. But Vasu secretly pursues his music ambitions. Vasu passes the preliminary auditions of Music Talent search conducted by Sony Music Company. When Vasu's father spots the letter from Sony, he argues with his son and asks him to either be there in house and study for IPS or leave home to pursue his dream of becoming a musician. Divya falls in love with Vasu and vice versa. But they never express their feelings towards each other. Vasu's sister loves the brother of Divya and it's okayed by the parents of both parties. It is also revealed that Divya already Okayed a guy called Manohar by looking at his photograph (this is much before she met Vasu). Now it's time for the real test. It's D-Day. Vasu is on the stage to prove himself as a singer and musician in the final auditions of Sony Talent Search. Divya is getting married to Manohar on the same day. Vasu's sister is also getting married to Divya's brother. Vasu wins the prize at the audition and sits in a park mourning about his Love Failure. Then his Father and sister come and meet him and his father apologizes about his thinking on Vasu's career. Then it is revealed that Divya didn't marry that day along with Vasu's sister as she loved Vasu. In the end, the lovers unite and the marriages of the 2 couples are planned to be held on another day.
Ishk Ishk Ishk	Bollywood	romance	Dev Anand	Dhun (Dev Anand) comes from a wealthy and talented family. His desire is to see the world on his own, and he sets upon this travel. He comes upon an Inn called Five Daughters, run by Pahar (Premnath). He decides to stay there for a while. He meets the daughters, and falls in love with the one named Pooja (Zeenat Aman). Pooja also reciprocates his love, and both hope to marry soon. Pahar does raise objections, but they soon are overcome. Just when the marriage is being planned, the family come to know that both Pooja and Dhun are related, and the relationship is that Dhun is Pooja's maternal uncle.
Holidays	Malayalam	romance	M M Ramachandran	The story involves a bunch of youngsters[specify] Alby (Vinu Mohan), Janet (Muktha), Riya (Priya Lal),Soumitran (Renjith),Sudhi (Sudheesh) and a few others who are planning the elopement of Sudhi and his lover, since Sudhi's lover is about to get engaged to Vinod (Kalabhavan Mani) who is also a tough cop. On the way they rescue a pretty young girl by the name of Lekha (Sruthi Lakshmi) from the hands of a few ruffians, but later find the girl murdered. They flee to a tea estate in Munnar, but the murderer is close at hand.
Bein El Atlal (Among the Ruins)	Egyptian	romance	Ezzel Dine Zulficar	Faten Hamama plays Mona a university student who falls in love with her professor, Mahmoud (Emad Hamdy), who is also a gifted writer. Mahmoud proposes to Mona but her mother refuses and Mona marries another man and leave Egypt. Years later after she returns to Egypt, Mona visits a sick Mahmoud in a hospital. Mahmoud expresses his love to Mona as he lies in his deathbed.[1][2][3]
Lal Patthar	Bollywood	romance	Sushil Majumdar	Raja Kumar Bahadur, known as Gyan Shankar Rai (Raaj Kumar), is an abstemious man who turns to drink after pursuing a young woman named Saudamani (Hema Malini). Calling her Madhuri, he attracts the lower class woman to his rich home but refuses to marry her. He later meets a much younger woman, Sumita (Raakhee), and organises a financial deal with her parents and marries her. The discovery that Sumita had a childhood sweetheart, Shekhar (Vinod Mehra), leads Kumar to plot the downfall of the pair.
Praanam	Telugu	romance	Malli	Then there was a village in coastal area. Sivudu (Allari Naresh) 26 belongs to lower caste and Katyayani (Sadha) 23 is a chaste Brahmin. When the village head 50 (also Sadha's strict barhmin father) played by Mantripragada Venkat Rao comes to know that they fell in love, he decides to hang them off because inter-caste love/marriage is a sin as per their village laws. These two souls take a rebirth. Kathyayani is born as Uma 21, a sister of powerful politician (Benerjee)39. Sivudu is born as Kaasi 23, a NRI orphan who returns from USA (Los Angeles, California) to do a Telugu music video album. He is in search of a pristine Telugu girl and he finds Uma. They fall in love, but her politician brother wants her to get married to his nephew(Shafi) (also known as his brother-in-law's son) 22. Uma and Kaasi run away from Vizag city to coastal area and incidentally they land in a place where Kathyayani and Sivudu lived. The village men identify them. The rest of the film is all about how all ends well.
Sweety Nanna Jodi	Kannada	romance	Vijayalakshmi Singh	This film is about a corporate love between the main characters.[2]
Brown Sugar	American	romance	Rick Famuyiwa	Brown Sugar is a film that follows the evolving relationship between Sidney (Sanaa Lathan), an attractive young woman who has just been appointed the editor-in-chief of the hip-hop magazine XXL, and Dre (Taye Diggs), an A&R for Millennium Records. They have been bound together since their early childhood. The news that Dre is preparing to be married to Reese (Nicole Ari Parker), a successful entertainment attorney, sends Sidney into a subconscious tizzy. Suddenly, she doesn't seem to know how to behave around Dre anymore, and an impulsive kiss on the eve before his wedding sends fissures of doubt cracking in every direction. Dre gets married and begins to settle into his life when a decision to sign an untalented but commercially viable rap group forces Dre to choose between his love for true hip-hop and his job. He decides to quit his job and start his own record company, focusing on bringing back the real hip hop that his generation fell in love with. Reese, however, is not understanding and thus not supportive of this venture. Additionally, as Sidney draws closer to Dre due to their partnership in the label, jealousy develops over Dre and Sidney's friendship. Sidney, who also has begun to live her life with a budding relationship with Kelby (Boris Kodjoe) receives a proposal from her boyfriend which she accepts. Turmoil ensues when Dre finds out Reese has been having secret liaisons with a man from the gym (who texts Reese to confirm a rendezvous). Dre brings Sid to bust her in the act. This leads to a night of shared passion between Dre and Sid and opens Sid's eyes to the fact she is not prepared to get married to Kelby. She calls off the engagement and while searching for Dre sees Reese and Dre in a parting embrace that she misconstrues as more. While at Hot 97 waiting for Cavi's first single to play on the Angie Martinez show, Dre hears Sid talking about her new book I Used to Love H.I.M. Though based on her love affair with hip-hop, it really is a chronicled timeline of her love affair with Dre. He recognizes this and rushes over to the station to confront his feelings, as well. Meanwhile, in the production booth, Sid's cousin Francine finally asks Cavi out on a date, which is something he has been trying for since their first meeting. The film ends with Cavi's song playing in the same park where their love of hip-hop began.
Aaynate	Bengali	romance	Dulal Dey	The story about Malini (Rituparna Sengupta) who recapitulating her childhood memories while recollecting her family attachments she remembers the detachment from her inner self grounded by the molestation in her teenage.Malini is now a well-versed photographer working in some magazine. Her photographic skills explores through the various special expressions of the people when they are dead and seeks to find out the emotions of the pale and white faces. During these ongoing course of actions she comes in contact with Urmila Sanyal (Rati Agnihotri), the leading social activist who has dedicated her life to the service of the exploited and distressed women of the society. The story then takes a turn to her romantic journey with her boyfriend, Rajat (Firdous Ahmed) who is the lavish brat of a big businessman.On one hand there is the family expectations tied to her and on the other there is urge for preserving her self-identity. Though she gets romantically involved with Rajat along with her family support but then nobody is ready to bear its outcomes. It is then when she becomes pregnant, she realizes the real faces of the people whom she has been respecting and admiring so much. In a moment she is being out cast and constantly pressurized to surrender to the patriarchal will. But revolting against it she comes to discover the illegitimacy of her own birth and finds Urmila Sanyal as her escapist mother, who was scared of the social accusations.[6]
World of Delight	Japanese	romance	Yoshishige Miyake (ja)	Sakisaka Nobuyuki is a salaryman. When he was in middle school student, he read a light novel Fairy Game”. He still has that light novel, because he was so shocked by the ending. One day, Nobuyuki browses the internet and comes across the blog Rein Tsuri no Kuni.” He learns that the blog writer, Hitomi Rika, also was shocked by the ending in the light novel Fairy Game. Nobuyuki and Rika soon begin to exchange emails. Nobuyuki wants to meet Rika, but she refuses due to her secret.
Thattathin Marayathu (തട്ടത്തിൻ മറയത്ത്)	Malayalam	romance	Vineeth Sreenivasan	The story starts with a flashback in which two school boys, Vinod Varma Menon Nair and his friend, are at the Thalassery pier. Vinod Varma Menon Nair sees a Muslim girl who he finds attractive and he prays to God to make her his wife in the future. After the roll of starting credits, the movie shifts focus to the present, in which Vinod, hailing a middle class Hindu Pulaya family, is jailed for trespassing the property of a rich Muslim politician, Abdul Khader. Realizing that he went there to meet the Muslim girl, Aisha, the politician's niece with whom he's madly in love, Sub-inspector Prem Kumar and his men request him to tell his love story. From here, the movie goes back in time by a few months, when Vinod first saw Aisha while attending his friend's marriage. He accidentally collides with her while running along a corridor and she falls down a staircase, ending up unconscious in a hospital. Vinod goes to the hospital and finds a little girl besides Aisha's bed. With her help, he leaves a 'sorry' letter to Aisha, written using a stencil. But just watching her beautiful face sleep in peace is enough to fuel the love within Vinod and along with his close friends Abdu and Mustafa, Vinod tries to win Aisha's heart. To get a chance to talk to Aisha, Vinod next tries to participate in a Daffmuttu competition in Kannur University Cultural Festival in which Aisha also is participating. He goes to a trainer Najaf. But Vinod and Najaf have a history of bitterness when during his 12th grade, the duo had a tiff. The storyline goes into further flashback mode, to a few years prior. Vinod along with his friends back then, Nijad and Majid had a gang, named Smartboyz. Majid was in love with Fatima, the daughter of the local shrimp merchant. But Fatima was in love with Najaf. Thus the trio decide to take on Najaf and beat him by covering faces. After beating Najaf, in an act of heroism Majid accidentally threw away his driving license along with some money. The driving license gives his credentials away, and the next day all three are beaten up by Najaf's friends. Despite this history, Najaf who is now married to his new lover Khadeeja, accepts to teach him Daffmuttu. During the cultural festival, Vinod meets Aisha and wishes her a happy birthday. He is won over by her radiance and cannot keep the feelings hidden inside him anymore. After the festival is over, Vinod goes to Aisha's house late at night and confesses his feelings. There is no reply from Aisha, but after a few days Aisha reciprocates his feelings by writing a letter. Then one night, when he believes that no one is at her home, he tries to meet her. Only to be caught and sent to police custody. With this Vinod winds up his story. Listening to this with full attention, S.I Premkumar lends his full support to Vinod and promises to help him unite with Aisha. Vinod tries to find a way of reaching out to Aisha by exchanging letters with her. He finds Hamza, Aisha's tutor, a friend of Abdu. Hamza is in love with Vinod's sister and he agrees to help Vinod. To make money Vinod opens a Purdah shop with the help of Sub-inspector Premkumar and asks Aisha to inaugurate the shop. She agrees to come on Friday afternoon, when she's alone in her house. Aisha inaugurates the shop and meets Vinod's parents. While returning, they are blocked by some men who are enraged to Aisha in the car with two men. After reaching home, Aisha is put into house-arrest by her father's elder brother, Abdul Khader. An accident happens in Khader's factory, which leads to a communal riot leading to which Aisha's father Abdul Rahman gets attacked. While in hospital, Khader informs his brother that they are shifting to Trivandrum the next day to prevet any untoward incidents further. Abdul Rahman agrees and Aisha sees Vinod one last time in the night. The next day, Abdul Rahman realises that he should allow Aisha to live with the one she loves. Khader departs and Aisha calls Vinod, but finds that Vinod's phone is switched off and he is nowhere to be seen. Finally with the help of SI Premkumar, they find him in sitting by the sea bridge and Aisha proposes him to marry her. Vinod asks to kiss her which she agrees. The scene shifts back to the first scene at the same sea-bridge where Vinod prays to God to get that beautiful girl he saw and as he leaves, a woman calls out to the little girl as 'Aisha'. Only at the end only Abdu Rahman realizes that Vinod is a Menon Varma Nair, all of a sudden Abdu changes his opinions and opts to marry his daughter to Vinod. Vinod using his Nair super powers is then seen flying through the skies of Thalassery and lands on the roof of Aisha's home. Then they both fly home. The film ends on the note that God is quite a person; even if we forget some of our wishes, he never does.
Jal Bin Machhli Nritya Bin Bijli	Bollywood	romance	Rajaram Vankudre Shantaram	Alaknanda lives a wealthy lifestyle with her widowed dad, Dr. Verma. She is fond of dancing and singing to such an extent that she refuses to marry the groom her dad has chosen for, runs away to Laitpur, enlists in the song and dance troupe that Rajkumar Kailash runs in his palatial house called Lalit Mahal. Both Kailash and Alaknanda meet and fall in love, but Kailash's mom wants him to get married to Rajkumari Rupmati. Then, when Alaknanda is performing, she meets with an accident and is hospitalized with a fractured leg that may never heal. Afraid to show her face to Kailash, who still insists on marrying her, she uses her crutches to escape from the hospital, ends up with a gang of bandits, is rescued by Kailash and brought home - where circumstances will again put her on the stage to perform a dance. The question remains how can a cripple perform a dance?
Julie	Kannada	romance	Poornima Mohan	Julie (Ramya) is a young Christian woman who finds herself pregnant after having sex with Shashi (Dino Morea), a Hindu follower and her childhood sweetheart. Faced with the choice of abortion or carrying the child to term, Julie chooses to keep the pregnancy a secret from Shashi and goes to a convent, where she will deliver the child and put it up for adoption. Afterwards Julie returns home in the hopes that Shashi will marry her now that she does not have a baby, as she thought that he would not have shown an interest in her otherwise. Despite her well-laid plans, Julie finds that things aren't so simple as that. Not only does her brother want her to move to England, but she also meets Richard, a man who doesn't care that she has had a baby out of wedlock. Ultimately Julie manages to reconcile with Shashi and live happily ever after.
Mirapakaya	Telugu	romance	Harish Shankar	Rishi (Ravi Teja) is an inspector in the Intelligence Bureau. His colleagues fondly call him 'Mirapakaay'. The chief of the IB, Narayana Murthy (Nagababu) gets information that Kittu (Prakash Raj), a mafia don, is trying to spread his tentacles in India and is targeting Delhi first. During the course of the investigation, ACP Srinivas (Sanjay Swaroop) is killed by Shankar (Kota Srinivasa Rao), a local goon with the help of his son (Supreet). Murthy sends Rishi to Hyderabad and gets him admitted to a college as a Hindi lecturer as part of an undercover operation. Rishi meets Vinamra (Richa Gangopadhyay) at a temple, and falls in love at first sight. Incidentally, she studies in the same college and in the same class to which Rishi teaches Hindi. Their love blossoms. At this juncture, Vaishali (Deeksha Seth), Kittu's daughter, joins the same college. Grabbing the opportunity, the IB chief asks Rishi to extract information about Kittu from Vaishali by flirting with her and making her fall in love. Rishi manages to make Vaishali fall for him and using her, he reaches Kittu after killing Shankar and his son. He finally arrests Kittu and his gang. The film ends with Rishi convincing an angry Vinamra to marry him.
Krishnaveni Panjaalai	Tamil	romance	Dhanapal Padmanabhan	Kadir (Hemachandran) and Poonkothai (Nandana) are cotton mill workers in southern Tamil Nadu. Their affection grows into love but once the mill closes down following a strike, life gets hard for them and everyone working along with them.
Love Is Better Than Ever	American	romance	Stanley Donen	Confirmed bachelor Jud Parker (Larry Parks) likes his life the way it is. A talent agent, he goes to New Haven, Connecticut on a client's behalf and meets Anastacia Stacie Macaboy (Elizabeth Taylor), who owns a dance school. Stacie then runs into him in New York when she goes to a convention. Jud takes her to a New York Giants baseball game and to dinner and dancing. Stacie falls in love, but Jud is furious when a story in the New Haven paper claims they are engaged. Mrs. Levoy and her daughter, who run a rival dance school, sully Stacie's reputation and cause students to drop out. Stacie and Jud disagree on how to explain their relationship until Stacie ultimately bets everything on the outcome of the Giants' next game.
Galipatam	Telugu	romance	Naveen Gandhi	Karthik (Aadi) and Swetha (Erica Fernandes) are a happily married working couple. They win the best couple award in their office and to celebrate this occasion, they plan a special party. But sadly, the party ends up in a big mess as the couple gets drunk and ends up in a huge fight. During the course of the fight, they reveal their past lovers Parineethi (Kristina Akheeva) and Aarav Reddy (Rahul Ravindran), respectively. Things take an ugly turn, and both of them decide to get divorced. Rest of the story is as to whether they successfully get separated, and meet their respective former lovers.
Chupke Chupke	Bollywood	romance	Hrishikesh Mukherjee	Professor Parimal Tripathi (Dharmendra) is a botany professor who falls in love with Sulekha Chaturvedi (Sharmila Tagore) during a women's college botany excursion. Prof. Parimal Tripathi helps the bungalow watchman to get to his village downhill to enable him to see his grandson who's fallen ill. Meanwhile, he disguises himself as the bungalow watchman to protect the old man's job. Sulekha finds out one day about the cover-up and is charmed on seeing Parimal's real personality. They both get married. Parimal loves playing pranks and is the antithesis of regular professors. Sulekha, on the other hand is in awe of her jijaji (brother-in-law) Raghavendra (Om Prakash). She considers her jijaji to be highly intellectual and looks upon him as her idol. Parimal develops an inferiority complex thanks to Sulekha's excessive praise of her jijaji and decides to prove that he is in no way a lesser mortal. Jijaji, meanwhile, has written a letter to Haripad bhaiyya (David Abraham Cheulkar) asking him to send a driver who can speak good Hindi because his present driver James D'costa (Keshto Mukherjee) uses improper dialect. This provides the perfect opportunity for Parimal to get to see and interact with jijaji. Parimal becomes Pyare Mohan Ilahabadi, a motor-mouth driver who pretends to hate the English language and so speaks only Hindi. So begins the comedy of errors, as Parimal and Sulekha play prank after prank on the unsuspecting jijaji. First they pretend that Sulekha is not happy with her new marriage, then they put across the impression that Sulekha is having an affair with Pyare Mohan, and if that was not enough, they get Parimal’s long-time friend Sukumar Sinha (Amitabh Bachchan), a professor of English literature, to temporarily act as Parimal and portray him as a serious and boring lecturer, the complete opposite of Parimal's character. Pyare Mohan's excessively refined Hindi, his habit of correcting Jijaji's usage of the language and his persistence in getting jijaji to teach him English all serve to irk Jijaji to no end and provide for many laughs. Parimal's long-time friend P K Srivastava (Asrani) is also party to the prank. His sister-in-law Vasudha (Jaya Bachchan) suspects fake 'Parimal' - Sukumar Sinha - of infidelity to his wife 'Sulekha' when he tries to get close to her. Sukumar falls in love with Vasudha who at first believed he was Parimal, but Sukumar reveals to her the real drama behind all this mix-up of situations. Lata Srivastava (Lily Chakravarty), P K Srivastava's wife, is also angered over the latest 'extra-marital' love affair. But toward the end, Sukumar and Vasudha end up marrying in a temple where Haripat Bhaiyya coerces Pyare Mohan to 'kill' himself so that Parimal could surface. Thus jijaji comes to comprehend the whole enactment, finally admitting that he was truly fooled. The film revolves around the resolution of these funny mishaps.
Teri Bahon Mein	Bollywood	romance	Umesh Mehra	The story revolves around the characters of Mohnish Bahl and Ayesha Dutt. As kids, their parents Mithun and Parveen travel through the sea, and their ship is stranded on an island due to heavy storm. The parents die, and the cousins are left to survive on the island all alone. They are later accompanied by an ape Kalu, who becomes their pet. They have to survive harsh climate, and the cannibal people on the island. After 20 years of searching, their grandfather Parikshit Sahni, succeeds in finding them on the island. He has been searching for them since 20 years, accompanied by his younger brother Prem Chopra. When he finds them, Prem Chopra tries to kill Parikshit, but all of them survive, and Parikshit takes them back to the city.[2]
Khushi	Bollywood	romance	Unknown	Khushi tells the story of a boy and girl, who are in love, but are kept apart by their inflated egos. Karan (Fardeen Khan) is born in Kolkata, while Khushi (Kareena Kapoor) is born in a village in Uttarakhand. Karan intends going to Canada for further studies, but, due to an accident, is forced to enroll in the Mumbai University. Khushi's father (Amrish Puri) believes that she has studied enough and should now marry a boy who is ready to be his ghar-jamai. But Khushi insists on pursuing her education at Mumbai University. At the University, Karan meets Khushi through common friends, Vicky and Priya. These common friends fall in love with each other and it is up to Karan and Khushi to bring them together. In the process, the two fall in love. But with ego in the way, the two never get to express their love for each other till the time comes to bid goodbye.
Maduve Mane	Kannada	romance	Sunil Kumar Singh	Suraj,(Ganesh), a funny and loveable character, bumps into Suma,(Shradha Arya),( in a train ) who is to marry Dushyantha, a police inspector. Throughout the journey on the train, Suraj attempts to woo her and ends up getting invited to her wedding. Till the last minutes before her wedding, Suraj tries to woo Suma but she is very fond of Dushyantha and doesn't fall for him. When Dushyantha is about to tie the knot with Suma, he suddenly walks out of the building while dragging Suma along with everyone, including Suraj, watching. He then orders Suma and Suraj to get into a jeep and to not stop driving at any cost. Dushyantha tell everyone that he got an anonymous phone call telling him that, someone has planted bombs in the jeep and in and outside the building. Although after checking they relies it was just some mini bulbs planted and not bombs. Meanwhile, Suraj and Suma's jeep is runs out of fuel, so they grab hold of an overhead branch and are saved, but are stuck in a forest. Dushyantha demands his crew to track down the anonymous phone caller. Back in the forest, Suraj and Suma start bonding while finding here way back. Twenty four hours pass without a sign of Suma or Suraj. Although Dushyantha receives calls from the anonymous caller who is none other than Suraj, which Suma catches red handed and Dushyantha identifies. Suma and Suraj reach a village which is actually Suraj's home town where he revels about Preeti, his late sister who was killed by Dushyantha. He also revels how corrupt and uncivilized Dushyantha is. Dushyantha then arrives at Suraj's home and revels to him privately about himself, unaware that he is being filmed. Suraj then plays his video at Dushyantha and Suma's wedding, where Suraj had come to save a little girl from this village from Dushyantha. Dushyantha is arrested. Suma, her family, Suraj and the little girl are at the train station, where the little girl promise to achieve what Preeti was headed to do( she had been selected to be a part of NASA and was going there when she got shot ). Just before the movie finishes Suma and Suraj unite.
Pilisthe Palukutha	Telugu	romance	Kodi Ramakrishna	Pilisthe Palukutha is a religious romantic Telugu film, which talks about the life in college of students Akash, Sunil & Shamita Shetty and the love between Akash and Shamita Shetty. Suddenly Shamita's life takes a turn due to a brain tumor and believes Sai Baba can save her from dying, which he does along with converting all the non-believers into his devoted devotees. Akash, Shamita and Sunil are the students of the college. Vijay Chander, dons the role of Shirdi Sai Baba whose divine help is sought by the young lovers (Akash and Shamita Shetty). Dharmavarapu Subrahmanyam plays a devoted and lovable principal. Chandra Mohan has an equally important role as a beggar and is connected with the love story between the hero and heroine.[1]
Jab Harry Met Sejal	Bollywood	romance	Imtiaz Ali	Harinder Harry Singh Nehra (Shah Rukh Khan) is a tourist guide, currently working in Amsterdam. He is shown to be a lonely man and a cheap womaniser as he calls himself, also with his clients and thus risking his job, but is a friendly and helpful guide. After dropping a family at the airport, Harry comes across Sejal Zaveri (Anushka Sharma), a member of the same family, who has lost her engagement ring and wants him to help her. Harry initially doesn’t want to, but to avoid an eventual complain of Sejal to his agency that might make him lose his job, he reluctantly agrees to help. In due course of time while searching for the ring, they become friendly and he tells her that he had left his village, Nurmahal and came to Canada to become a singer, which did not work out and that is how he slowly became a tour guide. Both Harry and Sejal travel to places in Europe where he had initially taken the family, in search of the ring. During this, Harry ends up falling in love with Sejal, but does not reveal it to her, knowing that she is engaged to Rupen (Kavi Shastri). They soon learn that a criminal, Ghyassuddin Mohammed Qureshi “Gas” (Chandan Roy Sanyal), has stolen the ring. They go to Gas to retrieve the ring but Harry gets thrashed by Gas' men. Later, while looking for antiseptics in her bag for Harry, Sejal finds the ring and realises that the ring was in her bag all along. However, she does not tell Harry, as she wants to spend some more time with him and is unknowingly falling in love with him as well. The next day, Harry and Sejal fly to Frankfurt for the wedding between Harry’s friend Mayank (Aru Krishansh Verma) and Irina (Evelyn Sharma), where both get questioned by them about their relationship, seeing their evident chemistry. After the wedding, Harry and Sejal get into an argument about it. Harry doesn’t admit his feelings, as he feels he is not good enough for her and she decides to fly back home. At the airport, Sejal shows Harry the ring and tells him that she found it few days ago and that it was in her bag all along. He asks her to take care and bids her goodbye. She returns to India and he returns to his work, but begins to miss her and gets depressed, not being able to concentrate during work. On Mayank's insistence, Harry flies to Mumbai to go to her wedding in hope to talk to her about his unrevealed feelings before she marries. On reaching the venue, he learns that Sejals's marriage was called off. He walks out to find her sitting outside. They eventually share their feelings for each other and kiss and go to Harry's village, Nurmahal in Punjab, where he reunites with his family and marries Sejal.
Raam	Kannada	romance	K Madesh	Ram (Puneet Rajkumar), a final year B.E student studying in Bellary comes to visit his joint family in Mysore in the vacation. His cousin's marriage is fixed. But his cousin loves another NRI Boy (Chethan Kumar). Knowing this Raam helps his cousin to get her married to her lover. His uncle gets angry and throws him out of the house. He goes back to his university. He sees a girl (Priyamani) and falls in love at first sight. His friend gets depressed on losing his lady love as her parents disapproved their marriage and fixed her marriage with another boy. Ram decides to bring her and get her married to her friend. He goes to R.R. Kalyana Mantapa kidnaps the bride unconscious and brings her. And later gets to know that he has kidnapped the wrong bride. When Ram saw the girl he becomes happy for it was the girl Pooja (Priyamani) he loved. When she gained conscious she is extremely happy as she did not wanted to get married. She forces Ram and his Friends to leave her to the Bus stand. To escape from the goon Ram and pooja gets lost in the forest. They find the way out of the forest and leaves her to the Bus Stand where he meets his friend. They leave Pooja and carry on. She calls her friend and gets to know that it takes 15 days for her visa to get ready. She is depressed. Some goons follow her. She runs. Ram and his friend rescue her. He tells her to stay in his house by lying to them that she is an orphan and Shastri who is Ram's family friend brought her up in his ashrama. She tells the same to Ram's family. Later Ram apologises to his uncle and comes back. Love blossoms between them. Elders decides to get them married. They take her to Shastri's ashrama to talk about the marriage proposal with him. While some Men take her away in spite of being protected by Ram's family members. Later Ram tells the truth about what was going on. They decide to help Pooja. The people who take Pooja away are attacked by some other men. The other Man take her away. Raam beats him from his back and he is unconscious. She tells him her story. Pooja's father's 2 sisters were married to Pooja's mother's brothers. The 2 brothers get separated due to a property fight. And Pooja grows up in America And she is the sole heiress of 100 crores. Her parents die in an accident. Then she comes to India to live with her uncles. But come to know that the 2 brothers are separated. The 2 brothers want to get their sons married to Pooja for her money. Both fight for this. By that time Ram had kidnapped her from marriage hall. After knowing this Ram promises her that he will marry her in the presence of her uncles without violence using his brain. He joins her uncles house as an accountant. Ram's uncle and aunt comes in disguise as Chicago Chandrashekar and his wife and asks for Pooja's Uncle's son for their nonexistent daughter. They tells him that they own 150 crores. Knowing this Pooja's uncle leaves Pooja for his brother's son. While Ram's parents come and in disguise as Dollar Dinesh who is Chicago Chandrashekar's brother and asks for Pooja's second uncle's son for their nonexistent daughter. Pooja's second uncle agrees. Ram's last uncle comes as Swiss Bank manager and lies that Pooja's father had taken a loan of 150 crore. Pooja's uncles decide to get her married to Ram as he had no money. They get her married to Ram in Grand manner. After the marriage they come to know the truth and regret their mistake and ask Pooja for forgiveness. Her uncles unite and bless the newly married couple and thank Ram and his family for teaching them a lesson and send Pooja with Ram and his family to Mysore.
Decameron Nights	American	romance	Hugo Fregonese	In the mid-fourteenth century, Boccaccio seeks his true love, the recently widowed Fiametta (Joan Fontaine), and finds that she has fled Florence, plague-ridden and being sacked by an invading army, for a villa in the countryside with several female companions. When he shows up on her doorstep, Fiametta does not want to invite him to stay, but her friends, bored and lacking male companionship, override her objections. To entertain the ladies (and further his courtship of Fiametta), Boccaccio tells stories of the pursuit of love. Bartolomea (Fontaine) is frustrated by her marriage to the wealthy, much older Ricciardo (Godfrey Tearle). The latter's strong belief in astrology dictates how they live. One day, the stars are favorable for fishing. However, a pirate ship appears suddenly and captures the ladies. The captain, Paganino (Jourdan), inspects his prisoners and releases all but Bartolomea. He sends her husband a demand for 50,000 gold florins ransom to be paid at Majorca. By the time Ricciardo shows up however, Bartolomea has fallen in love with the pirate. She denies knowing Ricciardo and, when he is unable to answer a simple question (the color of her eyes in the dark), Paganino's friend, the larcenous Governor of Majorca (Eliot Makeham), orders Ricciardo to pay a fine for his lies: the sum of 50,000 florins. Paganino and Bartolomea get married and he promises to give up pirating. Fiametta is not amused by the moral of the story, but the others beg Boccaccio for another. Instead, Fiametta decides to recount a more uplifting tale, to her friends' disappointment. Giulio (Jourdan) goads Bernabo (Tearle) into betting on the virtue of his wife Ginevra (Fontaine). Giulio wagers 1000 florins against Bernabo's 5000 that he can seduce Ginevra within a month. However, Giulio merely bribes the woman's maid Nerina (Binnie Barnes) into letting him hide in her mistress's bedchamber. Later, while Ginevra sleeps, he steals a locket with Bernabo's likeness in it and cuts off a lock of her hair, noticing as he does so a birthmark on her shoulder. When Giulio provides all three as proof, Bernabo pays up. He then recruits two assassins to do away with his wife. The killers are discomfited by Ginevra's lack of fear and let her go. She disguises herself as a man and becomes a sailor on a merchant ship. A potential customer, the Sultan (Meinhart Maur), becomes fascinated by Ginevra's pet talking parrot and agrees to buy the merchant's wares if he can also have the bird. Since the parrot will only speak for Ginevra, she agrees to enter the Sultan's service. Then one day, she spots her locket in a marketplace stall manned by Giulio. Still in disguise, she coaxes the story out of him and finally learns why her husband wanted her dead. She then has the Sultan invite both Giulio and Bernabo (now working for Giulio) to dinner. Later, with the Sultan and Bernabo within earshot but out of sight, she appears dressed as a woman and asks Giulio if he knows her. When he repeatedly denies it, she is vindicated, and reunited with her husband. Boccaccio does not like the tale, and starts another. Spanish Don Bertrando (Jourdan) is sent to fetch a female doctor, Isabella (Fontaine), for his master, the seriously ill King (Hugh Morton). On the trip, he has to defend her against two highwaymen. When she is able to cure the King, he offers her anything she wants. She asks for a husband: Bertrando. Dismayed, Bertrando agrees, but immediately after their wedding, he leaves her, as that was all that he had promised to do, and resumes his playboy ways. Before he departs, he tells his new wife that he will only live with her if she obtains the ring on his finger and bears him a child. Determined, she sets out to do just that. Learning that Bertrando is trying to seduce an innkeeper's daughter Maria (Joan Collins), Isabella has the aggrieved innkeeper send Bertrando a message supposedly from Maria agreeing to spend the night with him. Instead, Isabella keeps the rendezvous in the dark, unlit bedroom. She later steals Bertrando's ring while he is sleeping and leaves before her deception is revealed. Months later, she gives birth to a son. Bertrando shows up, having heard that she claims the child is his. After she tells her story, Bertrando embraces her. When Fiametta is again critical of Boccaccio's story, he gives up and leaves the villa. However, he returns, takes Fiametta in his arms, and kisses her. She resists at first, then gives in.
Yeto Vellipoyindhi Manasu	Telugu	romance	Gautham Menon	The film begins with Varun (Nani) gaining admission into an engineering college. He and his friends one day participate in a cultural programme, where Varun finds his childhood sweetheart Nithya (Samantha) participating in a dance show. He begins wooing her by singing on stage and later meeting her. As they meet, the film rewinds to their early days when both were in third standard. They become good friends after a small incident and their friendship blossoms. But due to a misunderstanding, Nithya decides not to meet Varun and to never talk with him. However, as destiny would have it, they meet again in their tenth standard. Nithya initially hesitates to talk with Varun, but sheds her inhibitions once Varun breaks the ice between them, and resumes her friendship with him. Nithya is elected as the pupil leader in school and as a pupil leader she is in constant interaction with Deepak, another pupil leader and her classmate, much to the dismay of Varun. As a result, they have another fallout. The film moves to their current meeting in the college. Both forget their past misgivings and become friends again. This time, they fall in love. During the vacations, Nithya leaves India and Varun is left for himself. Varun's elder brother who works in a software company, wants to marry his colleague and confesses the same to his parents. His parents oblige by offering to negotiate with the girl's parents. However, his parents are humiliated at the negotiations. Varun, in the process of consoling them, realises that despite their embarrassment, his brother and parents care about him rather than themselves. He then decides to take his studies more seriously and begins preparing for CAT. Nithya comes back to India and sees Varun not spending enough time with her due to his busy schedule. Nithya too initially understands his situation. However, when she learns that Varun is going to IIM Kozhikode, she too proposes to go with him. Varun rejects her proposal citing that he is going to stay in a hostel as staying outside in a rented house would be too costly for his family. This leads to a heated argument between the two and eventually ends up in another break-up between them. After graduating from IIM and landing a job, Varun goes about finding Nithya. He goes to Manapad in Tamil Nadu where Nithya is working as a school teacher at a tsunami relief camp. Nithya refuses to talk to him even after many attempts by Varun to start a conversation. When he finally gets her to talk, she rejects his advances saying that she is happy with her current position. Disgusted at her rejection, Varun leaves the place. After some days, Nithya invites Varun to her sister's marriage. At the same time, Varun also invites Nithya to his engagement. Nithya, shocked and surprised at this sudden development realizes that she couldn't fully understand Varun and breaks down before her sister. However, to the surprise of Varun, she attends his reception, which makes him think twice about his marriage. He realises that he is still in love with Nithya. So he breaks his current engagement with the consent of his father and goes to Nithya's home to win back her confidence. Nithya too apologizes to Varun about her past behaviour. They confess their feelings by sharing a kiss. The film ends with a note being shown that they are happily married and continue to quarrel and love each other.
The Enchanted Cottage	American	romance	John S. Robertson	Crippled by the war, Oliver Bashforth (Richard Barthelmess) moves into a lonely cottage in search of solitude. He meets Laura Pennington (May McAvoy), a plain and lonely woman, and marries her, primarily to escape from his energetic sister, Ethel (Florence Short). The unhappy couple allow their insecurities to suppress romance and happiness, but their mutual admiration grows and becomes love, manifested by the recognition of the inner beauty in each of them.[4]
Endless Love	American	romance	Shana Feste	Beautiful-but-shy Atlanta native Jade Butterfield, age 17, has not made any friends throughout her four years of high school. She has missed a social life in favor of studies, wanting to do well in memory of her eldest brother Chris - who died from cancer. David Elliot, another graduating senior, has had a crush on her since they were both freshmen, yet he never had the courage to act on said crush. Jade - along with her elder brother Keith, and their parents Hugh and Anne - stop at an upscale restaurant where David works as a parking valet. When Jade drops her (empty) yearbook, David retrieves it, mentions that they were classmates and agrees to sign it. Inside the restaurant, Jade asks her parents for a graduation party. When Anne and Hugh approve, Jade excitedly invites David. David thrills Jade by taking her on a brief joyride in the car of a snobby guest - partly in retaliation for the guest's demeaning behavior toward David's best friend Mace, another valet. David punches the client when he insults Jade; this gets David and Mace fired, but wins Jade's appreciation. Jade's party disappoints her at first, but then David arrives and informs Jade their classmates are attending another graduation party- one being held that same evening by his former girlfriend Jenny. David gets a large crowd of their peers to attend Jade's party by calling in a false noise complaint to the police. Bonding that night, Jade and David sneak into a closet where they share a kiss. Hugh gathers everybody together for a speech about how proud he is of Jade. When called for, Jade sheepishly comes out of the closet followed by David. Her father completes the toast and then politely asks them all to leave. David introduces himself and apologizes to Hugh for making such a bad first impression. David makes it clear how much he cares for Jade - who secretly listens to this conversation from inside the house, and who is delighted by his words. As David leaves, Jade runs after him for a passionate kiss. David, who works at his widowed father Harry's garage, tries to please Hugh by fixing Chris's broken car. Ironically, Hugh is the only one not pleased by David's gesture. Anne invites David to dinner, over which Hugh reveals that Jade is soon leaving for an internship. When asked of his future plans, David states that - despite scoring high on his SATs - his main goal is to keep working as an auto mechanic and to find true love with the girl. While Anne is impressed, Hugh finds it unrealistic. As David is leaving, Jade throws him a paper plane from her balcony - asking him to come back when the lights are off. He does so and finds Jade waiting for him in a sheer negligee by the fireplace. David assures her they can wait, but Jade insists that I want to feel this with you, and the two have sex. Jade explains to David that she cannot pass up the internship, for which she's leaving in ten days. They agree to make the most of their remaining time together. A montage shows them enjoying each other’s company with reckless abandon. After what was intended to be their final evening together, Jade decides to spend the summer with him. When she explains this change of heart to her father, Hugh knows it’s because of David and is furious. The next morning, Jade's father announces that the family is going to their lake house - obviously to keep her and David away from each other. She invites David, who indeed shows up; he is welcomed with open arms by everybody except Hugh, who demands that David leave. Jade makes it very clear that she wants David to stay. When Hugh talks with Anne about Jade's uncharacteristically bold self-assertiveness, Anne is pleased to see their daughter truly happy for the first time since they buried Chris. When David is convinced to apply for college, Anne writes a letter of recommendation in order to bolster his admission. That night, David is shocked to find Hugh cheating on his wife in the garage. The next morning, Hugh intimidates David into remaining quiet about the affair. Mace, the Butterfield siblings, David, and Keith's girlfriend Sabine sneak into a local zoo after hours for a night of fun. To get even with David for sabotaging her graduation party, Jenny informs the police about said break-in. David lets the police catch him so that the others can escape. Hugh agrees to bail David out, on the condition that Jade leaves as planned for her internship. When Hugh tells David that his relationship with Jade is over, David speculates on what Hugh's family would think of him for his cheating. Hugh counters this by revealing that David's late mother cheated on Harry shortly before her death. In the process, Hugh manipulates David into punching him. Returning home, Hugh proclaims that David is out of control. Jade seeks out David to learn his side of things. Mace, figuring that David could use a sympathetic ear, invites Jenny over for lunch; as luck would have it, Jade shows up just as David and Jenny are in the middle of a chat. Jumping to the wrong conclusion, Jade accuses David of not having it in him to do what is necessary for maintaining a relationship like theirs. She drives off in a fit and is slammed from the side by another car. At the hospital, Hugh gives Harry a copy of the restraining order which is to keep David away from Jade. Harry protests, but to no effect. Jade wakes up, having suffered only minor injuries. She wants to see David, realizing now that he was never unfaithful to her and never would be. Jade goes to the Elliot residence, but Harry won't let her inside since doing so would land David in prison. Over the next few months, David and Jade each try to move on with their lives - including seeing other people - but neither is happy. Then David runs into Anne at a bookstore. She tells him that she's always admired his and Jade's love for each other. Anne arranges for David to meet her daughter at the airport, when Jade comes home for the holidays. The teenagers reaffirm their love, and Jade plans to move in with David that night, while Anne confronts Hugh about his obsession with destroying David's life. Anne learns that Hugh prevented her recommendation letter for David from being sent out to college. Anne makes clear her disapproval of what Hugh has let himself become in the years since Chris's untimely demise. In the shrine that was his brother's bedroom, Keith and Sabine enjoy records from Chris's collection - despite Hugh's orders never to do so. Discovering this, Hugh reams Sabine and his son for their defiance. Keith, who angrily seconds his mom's feelings about what losing Chris has done to Hugh, announces that he's moving out of the Butterfield residence and in with Sabine; Anne goes with them. Hugh finds Jade preparing to go off with David, who is waiting outside. Hugh furiously attacks David with a baseball bat, accusing the younger man of generating a rift between him, his wife, and their children. Jade rushes to David's defense, proclaiming that it was not him but Hugh himself who tore their family apart. As the defeated Hugh returns inside, a smoke alarm goes off. A candle, which was knocked over during Hugh's confrontation with Jade in Chris's room, has started a fire. Just as David and Jade are leaving, they see the Butterfield house in flames. David rushes inside as Hugh struggles to rescue his late son's belongings from the bedroom, which is now an inferno. When David is knocked unconscious by a backdraft, Hugh leaves Chris’s possessions behind and instead helps David out of the burning house. Both men put aside their differences, Hugh having finally recovered from his son's death. Anne and Hugh amicably get a separation. Jade visits Chris's grave, en route to meeting David at the airport. They fly to meet Sabine and Keith in California. To David and Jade's surprise, they are welcomed as Maid of Honor and Best Man for Keith and Sabine's private wedding. Both couples celebrate on the beach, where they camp for the night. Jade and David share a bedroll, gazing contentedly at the stars overhead. Jade fondly recalls how her first love - the relationship she shares with David - was everything all at once, the kind of undying love that is worth fighting for.
The Cutting Edge	American	romance	Paul Michael Glaser	Kate Moseley is a world-class figure skater representing the United States in the pairs event at the 1988 Winter Olympics. She has genuine talent, but years of being spoiled by her wealthy father Jack have made her all but impossible to work with. Doug Dorsey is captain of the U.S. ice hockey team at the same Winter Olympics. Just minutes before a game, he and Kate literally run into each other at the arena. During the game, Doug suffers a head injury, damaging his peripheral vision, costing him a a shot in the NHL and forcing him to retire. During Kate's event, her partner drops her during their program, costing them a chance at the gold medal. While training for the 1992 Winter Olympics over the next two years, Kate has driven away all potential skating partners with her attitude and perfectionism. Her coach, Anton Pamchenko, has to find a replacement, an outsider who doesn't know that Kate is spoiled and nearly impossible to work with. He proceeds to track down Doug -back home in Minnesota working in a steel mill and as a carpenter on the side- who is living with his brother and playing in a hockey bar league. Desperate for another chance at Olympic glory, Doug agrees to work as Kate's partner, even though he has a macho contempt for figure skating. Kate's snooty, Prima Donna behavior gets on his nerves immediately, and their first few practices do not go well as they antagonize one another. However, they develop a mutual respect as both strive to outdo one another in work ethic. As their relationship grows warmer, they learn to set aside their differences, becoming a pair to be reckoned with both on and off the ice. At the U.S. Nationals, despite strong performances in the short program and long program, they are placed third and expect their dreams to get to the Olympics are shattered. However, when one of the leading pairs falls during the competition, they advance to second place, earning their spot. At the finals at the Albertville Olympics, they look to be one of the top pairs competing for the gold. Before getting on the ice, they realize they love each other and skate with a passion neither had shown before.
Vinayakudu	Telugu	romance	Sai Kiran Adivi	Karthik (Krishnudu), a soft, ever-happy kind of guy, comes to Hyderabad for a job interview at Hi-Rise, an ad agency. He gets selected, and in the office the next day, he sees Kalpana (Sonia) and likes her. He's generally not taken seriously by anyone because of his soft-spoken nature and his rotund personality, but he's the kind who doesn't take that seriously! Kalpana too doesn't care for him and finds faults with him, due to their initial interactions at work. Slowly though, she starts interacting with him more. Her parents, who leave to USA to visiting her brother's family (Mahesh & Aparna), initiate a matrimonial alliance for Kalpana with Rajeev (Samrat). Kalpana meets Rajeev and they both observe that they have a lot of tastes in common. Meanwhile, another thread of a budding relation is seen between Karthik's friend Altaf (Suryatej) and Kalpana's friend Sandhya a.k.a. Sandy (Poonam Kaur). At about the same time that Kalpana realizes Rajeev is not for her, she gets closer to Karthik but the hell gets loose suddenly due to a petty altercation between Altaf and Sandy. Eventually, Karthik and Kalpana lose even the friendly relation they have. What's the big fat love story then and how it evolves forms the rest of the story.
Albela	Bollywood	romance	Deepak Sareen	Tony (Govinda) is an easy-going and popular tour guide. One day a fortune teller tells him that a blue-eyed princess from overseas will enter his life and change it forever. She is the dream girl that he has been searching for. On the way from Austria to an intended holiday in Singapore, Sonia (Aishwarya Rai) and her nanny (Maya Alagh) stop off in Mumbai. When their connecting flight is delayed, Sonia decides instead to travel to Malaga (which is implied to be near Goa), the birthplace of her mother, who died when Sonia was very young. Sonia has been brought up by her father (the Austrian Ambassador) (Saeed Jaffrey) since her mother mysteriously abandoned the family to return to Malaga. Although Sonia knows her father will be very angry with her – he hates India and Indians due to his wife leaving him – Sonia wants to see her mother's grave for the first time. She convinces her father to let her stay in Malaga for a few days to fulfill her wish. Upon arrival in Malaga, Sonia meets Tony and hires him to show her the area and to help her find her mother's grave. As Sonia and Tony see the sights of Goa and find her mother's grave, Tony begins to fall in love with Sonia and it appears Sonia is very fond of him. Unbeknownst to Tony, his childhood friend, Neena (Namrata Shirodkar) is in love with him and she does not take kindly to him spending all his time with Sonia. One day when Sonia is traveling with Tony, she sees a man in the distance. Flashbacks show that the man is Prem Arya (Jackie Shroff), an Indian journalist who Sonia met in Austria when he was interviewing her father. Prem and Sonia became friends, fell in love and hoped to marry. When Sonia's father found out, he forbade them to marry because Prem is Indian, and although they are deeply in love, they agree to separate. Returning to the present, Sonia is shocked to find Prem is in Malaga. When she sees that Prem has written an article about Tony and that they are good friends, she asks Tony to organize a lunch on the pretense of meeting the author of the article. Prem agrees to the meeting and is startled to see Sonia. When Tony goes to order lunch, Sonia reveals to Prem that she is still in love with him and is sorry about having to leave him to keep her father happy. Prem tells her that there is no point in having these feelings as there is nothing either of them can do about it and, overcome by emotion, he leaves. When Tony returns from ordering lunch, Sonia says she wants to leave too, resulting in a very confused Tony. The next day, Sonia calls Prem and admits he still loves her and has not been able to stop thinking about her. They begin to spend time together and after returning from one outing with Prem, Sonia admits to her nanny that she still is madly in love with Prem and that he is a wonderful and kind person. Tony overhears this and believes Sonia is referring to her feelings for him. On another occasion, Tony and Neena join Prem and Sonia on their outing. It is obvious to both Prem and Sonia that Neena loves Tony, so Sonia attempts to tell Tony that Neena loves him. Tony mistakes her comments and, in combination with what he has already overhead, believes that Sonia is trying to tell him that she loves him. As Sonia and Prem spend time together, Sonia realizes that her true happiness lies in being with Prem. Unfortunately, Sonia's father travels to Malaga to surprise her and discovers that Sonia has been seeing Prem again. He believes that she intentionally traveled to Malaga to see Prem and does not believe that it was a coincidence. He forbids Prem to see Sonia and orders Sonia to pack, intending to take her back to Austria straight away. Sonia tells Tony that she will be returning to Austria and he is devastated. Sonia invites Tony to join her in Austria and Tony willingly accepts. Neena is extremely upset, but Tony thinks this is because he is leaving her alone in Malaga – he assures her that he will find a job for her once he is settled in Austria and continues happily packing in preparation for his journey. Sonia makes one last trip to the cemetery and is met by a priest, who tells her the true reason of her mother's return to Malaga. When she gets to the airport, she is met by Tony, who tells her that he cannot go with her to Austria anymore. He has discovered a message left for him by Neena, revealing her feelings and wishing him happiness in his new life. He tells Sonia that he knows she loves him and although he loves her in return, he realizes that Neena relies on him and will not cope if he leaves. Achieving his dream of being with Sonia will be at the expense of Neena, and he is not prepared to do this. Sonia tries to tell Tony that she does not love him, but he leaves quickly, not wanting a sad farewell. Sonia's father makes derogatory comments about Indians and about Tony not joining them, but Sonia defends Tony and tells her father of his sacrifice. After seeing this sacrifice, Sonia realizes that she cannot give up Prem just to keep her father happy and begs him to let them marry. Her father still refuses and makes further derogatory comments about Indians and her mother, and this is when Sonia reveals the truth – that her mother was diagnosed with a contagious disease, so made the sacrifice to leave the two of them and die alone in India, so that they would not get sick. She gives her father letters written by her mother (but never sent) and he apologizes to Sonia and tells her to go to Prem. Tony and Neena are happily sitting in a restaurant when Tony notices Sonia at another table with Prem. Tony believes Sonia has not left Malaga because she wants to be near to him (Tony). Tony comments that although she looks quite pale and sad, Sonia will eventually get over her feelings for him. At Sonia and Prem's table, Sonia suggests to Prem that they should thank Tony because it was he who brought them together, and she also wants to clarify with Tony that she never had feelings for him. Prem stops her and advises that some dreams are so beautiful that they should not be broken – that it is better for Tony to believe that he gave up a princess for an ordinary girl.
Lakshmi Putrudu	Telugu	romance	Raj Kapoor	Prabhu (Uday Kiran) is a college student who does not allow anyone to do wrong. He quite often argues with others to the point where he is repeatedly arressted. When he was younger his foster father (Nizhalgal Ravi), a psychiatrist used to bail him out. In the meantime, Swetha (Diya), the sister of commissioner of police Ravichandra, has been ditching her college classes, so her father has a police escort take her to school. When she tries to escape from her escort, they pursue her. They cross paths with the troublesome Prabhu, who battles them. In the ensuing fight, Prabhu says 'I love you' to Swetha and she is so impressed by his gallantry, she falls in love. Prabhu then learns that his foster parents are taking him to meet his real father Lakshmi Narayana (Satyaraj) who had been receiving treatment in a mental hospital. He tries to speak with his father, but the man is unresponsive. On the advice of Swetha's father, he takes his father to Kerala for treatment. When there, he meets a former bodyguard of Lakshmi Narayana who tells him that not only was his father the former Election Commissioner, but that his current mental breakdown state was caused by local politician Ramadasu (Vijayan). Coincidentally, Ramadasu has been brought to that same Kerala facility by his own son (Riyaz Khan). When Ramadasu's son learns that his father's former enemy Lakshmi is still alive, he attempts to kill him.
Nannavanu	Kannada	romance	Srinivasa Raju	Sanjana (Aindrita) suddenly wakes up to know that she was murdered in her previous birth. She musters up courage to fight a case and seek justice to her murder through a lawyer. She finds a struggling lawyer Bharadwaj (Prajwal) who has a striking resemblance to her lover in her previous birth. She hires him to fight her case and offers him huge amount even if he lost the case. They take up the case to fight against an MLA (Avinash) who was the Chief Minister earlier responsible for her death. What happens to her case and who wins forms the rest of the story.
Blood	Bengali	romance	Ansuya Samanta	The story revolves around sequential incidents of a serial-psycho killings of married women of high class societies, suffering from the obsession of lust and sexual perversion. The case comes to limelight when Noyonika Choudhury, elder daughter-in-law of Minister Sayan Choudhury was brutally murdered. Forensic and postmortem reports revealed her sexual involvement with the culprit prior to murder. The case was then taken over by the Senior Officer (Debesh Roy Choudhury) of Special Branch of Kolkata Police assisted by his group of three officers- Sanjib (Manojit), Zinia (Anasuya) and Sharmi (Sutanuka). The officials remained perplexed about the motive only to discover the sequential gap of two days between each murder and that all the victims were married, belonging to high society and were sexually perverted. They also found names of all the victims starting with the initial “N”. Finally, after a long round of hide and seek game of crime and love-birds (Sanjib and Zinia), the culprit, Bickramjit Sinha Roy (Arindam) gets trapped and confesses the infidelity of his beloved wife Nibedita as the motive behind such brutality. The confession reveals the tragedy of Bickramjit, infected with HIV positive which was carried to him by his wife, who while his husband was away got sexually involved with an infected sexmate.
Nanbanin Kadhali	Tamil	romance	G. Kicha	Jeeva (Vikramaditya Shukla) who takes up residence in Sujata (Shivani Singh)'s neighbourhood, falls for her ample charms. Jeeva's attempts to woo Sujata misfires, landing him on the wrong side of her father (Vinu Chakravarthy), a retired military man. Enters into the scene Surya (Kunal Singh). Surya's smooth talking ways and pleasing manners charm Sujata and her family. In the game of one-upmanship and misunderstandings, who finally gets the girl forms the finale.[1]
Love in Simla	Bollywood	romance	R. K. Nayyar	After the untimely death of her father and step-mother, Sonia is orphaned and lives with her aunt and paternal uncle (General and Mrs. Rajpal Singh). Sonia is plain-looking, like her real mother, and often invites unappreciative taunts and critical remarks from her aunt and cousin, Sheela. Sheela has a boyfriend, Dev Kumar Mehra, and she plans to marry him. Fed-up with hearing frequent taunts and adverse remarks about her plain-looks, Sonia challenges Sheela that she will make Dev fall in love with her.
Miracle in the Rain	American	romance	Rudolph Maté	In 1942, a few months after America's entry into World War II, secretary Ruth Wood (Jane Wyman) lives quietly in Manhattan with her physically and emotionally fragile mother, Agnes (Josephine Hutchinson). Ruth's co-workers at Excelsior Shoe Manufacturing Company are her best friend Grace Ullman (Eileen Heckart) and Millie Kranz (Peggie Castle), an attractive blonde involved in an affair with her married boss, Stephen Jalonik (Fred Clark). Also in the office is Monty (Arte Johnson), a young shipping clerk classified by the draft as 4-F, who monitors the war's campaigns on a world map pinned to the wall. One evening after work, when a cloudburst forces Ruth and other pedestrians to take shelter in the vestibule of an office building, Arthur Hugenon (Van Johnson), a cheerful, talkative G.I. stationed in the area, surprises the shy Ruth by starting a conversation. When he invites her to dinner, she declines, saying that her housebound mother is expecting her. Undeterred, Art buys food for three at a delicatessen and accompanies Ruth home. Agnes, who has distrusted men since her husband Harry left her for another woman ten years earlier, receives Art with little enthusiasm. During the meal, Art, who grew up on a Tennessee farm, captivates Ruth with his stories and afterward entertains them by playing Harry's piano. Upon finding the manuscript of an unfinished melody Harry composed, Art asks permission to take it back to camp, where he and his army buddy Dixie will write lyrics for it. When weekend arrives, Art takes Ruth and Grace to a matinee and, as they afterwards walk to a restaurant, passing an auction, Ruth impulsively bids on an antique Roman coin, which she gives to Art for good luck. While the trio is enjoying dinner at the Café Normandy, Ruth is unaware that the piano player is her father (William Gargan), whom she has not seen since he left Agnes. However, Harry recognizes Ruth and confides to his bartender friend Andy that he has been too ashamed to return to his family. Later, Ruth tells Art that Agnes tried to kill herself after Harry left and still hopes for his return. Art arrives late for their next Sunday date, but brings the lyrics he and Dixie have written to Harry's music, entitled I'll Always Believe in You, which he sings together with Ruth. As they go out and walk through Central Park, Ruth voices fears about the war and Art tells her she must have faith. They then encounter Sergeant Gil Parker (Alan King), while he takes snapshots of his new bride, Arlene Witchy (Barbara Nichols), who works as a singer. Gil asks Art to take their picture and then offers to photograph Art and Ruth. In private, Gil warns Art that his division will soon be shipped overseas, but Art refuses to believe the rumor. At the lagoon, where children are sailing toy boats, Art recognizes the name of an elderly man, Commodore Eli B. Windgate (Halliwell Hobbes), nicknamed Windy, a former yachtsman who owned many of the surrounding buildings before losing his fortune in the Crash of '29. Hoping to be a reporter after the war, Art senses a good story and interviews Windy on the spot. He then goes with Ruth to The New York Times Building and convinces the city editor (unbilled Grandon Rhodes) to let him write it as a human interest story. Instead of taking payment, Art asks to be considered for a reporting job after the war. A couple of days later, as Ruth waits to meet him for their pre-arranged date, Art arrives late, riding on a truck filled with other soldiers, including Dixie (unbilled Paul Smith). With only a brief moment remaining before the truck's departure for the port where the troop ship awaits, he asks Ruth to marry him when he returns and, to allay her fears, says he still has the lucky Roman coin. For three months, Ruth writes to Art every day, but receives no letters in return. Finally, a special delivery man knocks on the apartment door and hands a letter from a battlefield chaplain informing her that Art died in combat and that his dying wish was that she be told about his love for her. Ruth's tear drops on the letter and, in the following days and weeks, she is inconsolable despite the best efforts of her friends and co-workers. Millie, moved by Ruth's misfortune, feels the need for a fresh and pure start, drops Jalonik as her lover and leaves the firm. Grace finds Ruth consumed by grief, sitting on a bench in Central Park, and takes her to St. Patrick's Cathedral, where Ruth lights candles under the statue of Saint Andrew. Jalonik, hoping Ruth will fill the void left in his extra-marital life by Millie, takes her to Café Normandy and attempts to engage in a warm-up conversation, but Ruth is in such a despairing state that she pays no attention as he kisses her on the cheek. A few feet to the side, at the bar, Harry has the radio on and hears the familiar strains of his music since, before shipping out, Dixie made suggestions to Art as to the possibility of marketing Harry's music with Art's lyrics as a professional song. Puzzled, Harry dials Agnes' number but, at the sound of her voice, his resolve falters and he hangs up without speaking. Having written numerous letters of explanation and contrition to Agnes, he continually found himself tearing them to bits, because of inability to face the hurt he caused her. Ruth has been returning to the statue of St. Andrew and talking to the cathedral's young priest (Paul Picerni). Losing interest in life, she ignores a cold, which turns into pneumonia. Mrs. Hamer, the upstairs neighbor who has often helped Ruth care for Agnes, now helps Agnes nurse the bedridden Ruth. One rainy night, while Agnes has dozed off near her bedside, the feverish Ruth leaves the apartment just before Harry finally musters the courage to walk in with the intention of asking Agnes' forgiveness for leaving. Stunned at seeing him, Agnes also realizes that Ruth is missing, just as Grace telephones. Upon being told that Ruth has left her sickbed, Grace realizes that she must be heading for the cathedral. Standing on the cathedral steps, consumed by fever, Ruth hears Art's voice speaking her name. Delirious, she sees Art materialize and slowly approach close enough for an embrace or a kiss as he tells her that love never dies. No longer possessing earthly means of holding on to the Roman coin she gifted to him, Art returns it to Ruth. A moment later, in the midst of the heavy, late evening rain, the priest finds Ruth unconscious on the steps, just as Grace arrives. Seeing the coin clasped in Ruth's hand, he shows it to Grace, who recognizes it and realizes that, for a brief moment, Art had returned to Ruth, whose own tenuous hold on life remains clouded in uncertainty at the final fadeout.
Princess Daisy	American	romance	Waris Hussein	Princess Daisy tells the story of a young girl who is sent to England to live with her father, Prince Valenski, after her mother's death in a car crash. Unfortunately, Daisy is immediately separated from her twin sister Dani, who is a special needs child not accepted by their father. When Daisy turns 16, their father dies in a plane accident. The girl is forced to take care of her life herself, especially when her half-brother starts seeing in her more than just a sister.
Roseland	American	romance	James Ivory	At Roseland, an older lady, May (Wright), with a light step, looks for the memory of her husband in the ballroom's mirrors. Stan (Jacobi), a cheerful older man steers May to brandy alexanders and away from her past. Pauline (Copeland) is a middle-aged widow with the means to pay for the services of a younger gigolo, Russell (Walken) and share champagne with her Roseland friends, the dance teacher Cleo (Helen Gallagher) and the shy divorcee, Marilyn (Chaplin). Both Marilyn and Cleo fail to break Russell's attachment to the lifestyle that Pauline provides. Rosa (Skala), a former Schrafft's cook and wannabe dance superstar makes it her mission to win the peabody prize with her older partner, Arthur (Thomas) who is desperate to marry her.[1]
Darling	Bengali	romance	Raj Mukherjee	The film begins with an enthusiastic 1980’s backdrop. Four college mates disperse after farewell and they keep themselves in contact even after decades. Mayukh is the son of one of the old friends and Aishwariya is the daughter of the other. They live in different places. A girl Riya falls in love with Mayukh and proposes to him. But he rejects the proposal. The father of the girl who happens to be a goon, surrounds Mayukh and his friends’ for rejecting his daughter. To escape from the goon Mayukh narrates his flash back stating that he has a love interest, Aishwariya who he met in GOA . The goon feels sympathetic and leaves him after listening to the story. After a while, the old friends wish to have an old friends’ reunion with families. They all meet in a village and now Mayukh and Aishwariya meet once again.
The Way We Were	American	romance	Sydney Pollack	Told partly in flashback, it is the story of Katie Morosky (Barbra Streisand) and Hubbell Gardiner (Robert Redford). Their differences are immense: she is a stridently vocal Marxist Jew with strong anti-war opinions, and he is a carefree WASP with no particular political bent. While attending the same college, she is drawn to him because of his boyish good looks and his natural writing skill, which she finds captivating, although he does not work very hard at it. He is intrigued by her conviction and her determination to persuade others to take up social causes. Their attraction is evident, but neither of them acts upon it, and they lose touch after graduation. The two meet again towards the end of World War II while Katie is working at a radio station, and Hubbell, having served as a naval officer in the South Pacific, is trying to return to civilian life. They fall in love despite the differences in their background and temperament. Soon, however, Katie is incensed by the cynical jokes that Hubbell's friends make at the death of President Franklin D. Roosevelt and is unable to understand his indifference towards their insensitivity and shallow dismissal of political engagement. At the same time, his serenity is disturbed by her lack of social graces and her polarizing postures. Hubbell breaks it off with Katie, but soon agrees to work things out, at least for a time. When Hubbell seeks a job as a Hollywood screenwriter, Katie believes he is wasting his talent and encourages him to pursue writing as a serious challenge instead. Despite her growing frustration, they move to California, where, without much effort, he becomes a successful screenwriter, and the couple enjoy an affluent lifestyle. As the Hollywood blacklist grows and McCarthyism begins to encroach on their lives, Katie's political activism resurfaces, jeopardizing Hubbell's position and reputation. Alienated by Katie's persistent abrasiveness, and even though she is pregnant, Hubbell has a liaison with Carol Ann, his college girlfriend and the divorcee of J.J., his best friend. After the birth, however, Katie and Hubbell decide to part, as she finally understands he is not the man she idealized when falling in love with, and he will always choose the easiest way out, whether it is cheating in his marriage or writing predictable stories for sitcoms. Hubbell, on the other hand, is exhausted, unable to live on the pedestal Katie erected for him and face her disappointment in his decision to compromise his potential. Katie and Hubbell meet by chance some years after their divorce, in front of the Plaza Hotel in New York City. Hubbell is with some stylish beauty, and apparently content, is now writing for a popular sitcom as one of a group of nameless writers. Katie, now remarried, invites Hubbell to come for a drink with his lady friend, but he confesses that he cannot. He does inquire how their daughter Rachel is doing, just to ascertain if Katie's new husband is a good father, but shows no intention to meet his daughter. Katie has remained faithful to who she is: flyers in hand, she is agitating now for Ban the bomb, the new political cause. Their past is behind them, and all the two share now (besides their daughter, Rachel) is a missing sensation and the memory of the way they were.
Drums of Love	American	romance	D. W. Griffith	After finding out her father and his estate is in danger, Princess Emanuella saves his life by marrying Duke Cathos de Alvia, a grotesque hunchback. She actually is in love with Leonardo, his attractive younger brother. They already had an affair before the marriage, but continue secretly meeting each other. In the end, Cathos finds out about his wife's unfaithfulness and stabs both his wife and brother to death.[1]
U Me Aur Hum	Bollywood	romance	Ajay Devgan	The movie starts with Ajay (Ajay Devgan) telling his son that he should make his move on a girl he likes. The son tells him that if he can go woo another older lady, he will tell the girl he likes about his feelings. Ajay goes to the woman and starts telling her a story. Gradually, everyone around them starts listening and the scene goes to a flashback 25 years before. A younger Ajay is on a cruise with four of his friends. Nikhil (Sumeet Raghavan) and Reena (Divya Dutta), an unhappily married couple whilst Vicky (Karan Khanna) and Natasha (Isha Sharvani) are a happily unmarried couple. On the cruise, Ajay meets Piya (Kajol) at the ship's bar and falls in love with her. While he is intoxicated, he buys drinks for everyone at the bar. Then there is a song, then Ajay blacks out. In the morning, Piya goes to deliver the bill to Bar guy and Ajay says he is still in love with her. Now Ajay is head over heels in love with Piya, but she won't accept him. He wants her by hook or by crook, even peeking into private journal, so he dances his way into her heart by learning that she has always wanted to learn how to dance. He takes lessons from his friend, and gives Piya lessons. The two finally fall in love. But then later, Piya finds out that he looked in her private journal and she yells at him. He leaves, but leaves her his number in case she changes her mind. While at their new home, at an early hour in the morning, Ajay calls his friends to come to his house. While driving there, we see how Ajay has tried to win Piya back by getting her favourite dog (even though he hates them) and other things. When they go inside, they find Piya and Ajay, getting married. They are all surprised and delighted. Ajay and Piya love each other, and they soon start a wish list, which they write on their bedroom wall. The first wish is to go on a cruise on their 25th anniversary. But after a few months, Piya goes out for shopping, but forgets everything, including where she lives. When she is screaming for help in the middle of the road in the rain, Ajay finds her and tells her their house was right in front of her. They go to the doctor's and Ajay finds out Piya has Alzheimer's and that she is pregnant. The problem is, pregnancy only exacerbates her Alzheimer's. So, while Piya is pregnant, Ajay must keep a close eye on her or else Piya might hurt the baby. As time goes on, the baby is born, and Piya's condition worsens. Finally, Ajay has no choice but to put Piya in a home for people with problems. Ajay is hurt, but he doesn't know what to do. Meanwhile, Nikhil and Reena have learned to love again, and tell Ajay to go get her back. Suddenly, Ajay realises what he has done, and runs back to the home and wins Piya's heart back. The story ends with Ajay saying that the best thing he had ever done was bringing Piya back home. He says that it is a special day when she can remember things, and bonus days when she remembers him. The elderly woman to whom Ajay was telling the story remarks, Well, this is your bonus day. It turns out that the elderly woman is Piya, and she and Ajay are celebrating their 25th wedding anniversary on a cruise with their son, just what they had wished for.
Chennai Kadhal	Tamil	romance	Vikraman	Gautham (Bharath), a college drop-out and a good-for-nothing guy, falls in love with Narmada (Genelia D'Souza), daughter of a local don, Sakthivel (Radha Ravi). She lives in a hostel after learning that her dad is a criminal who now wants her to marry his partner Sardar’s (Barhmaji) brother. So the two lovers elope to Mumbai and soon they are tracked and separated. Finally Gautham, along with his friends, fight against all odds to win back Narmada.
Sanjog	Bollywood	romance	K. Vishwanath	Bombay-bred Narain goes to a village, where he meets and falls in love with a village belle, Yashodra. She also is attracted to him, and both get married. After their marriage, both go to live with Narain's parents, brother, and sister-in-law, Lalita, and her son, Sonu. Yashodra gets close to Sonu and starts to spend all her time with him. This raises some concerns with Lalita, which results in some acrimony. Tragically, Sonu passes away, leaving Yashodra devastated and depressed. She gets pregnant and gives birth to a baby girl, but cannot get Sonu out of her mind. Her depression gives way to insanity, as she keeps on seeing Sonu in every child, and, as a result, she is institutionalized. Narain has taken to alcohol in a big way and drowns his sorrows and frustrations day and night in a drunken stupor. As a result, his daughter is adopted by Lalita and his brother, without knowing who her real parents are. Years pass by, her daughter, Asha, has grown up and is herself a mother of a baby boy, and settled in the U.S. Asha arrives in India for a visit and the entire family assembles to visit Yashoda. They find her holding a piece of log, covered in a blanket, singing to it as if it were Sonu. It is here that Asha finds out who her real parents are, and it is here that she will be called upon to make the ultimate sacrifice.
Solla Solla Inikkum	Tamil	romance	Murali Abbas	Sathya (Navadeep), son of Vijayakumar, completes his degree and spends time with friends Guru (Abhinay), Sathyan (Sathyan) among others. Life goes uncomplicated until he meets Saara (Anjali). What starts as friendship develops into love. Interestingly, when Sathya proposes to Saara, she turns it down saying that it was only friendship and nothing more than that. Next comes Meghna (Suja). What starts as love between them ends the same. Meghna insists that they part as lovers as it was all time-pass for her. And now, Sathya comes across Radhika (Madhumitha). They become close friends. So is Guru with her. When Sathya decides to inform Radhika his desire to marry her, she throws a bombshell saying that she and Guru are in love with each other. However Guru takes her for a ride. After using her, Guru deserts her. Steps in Sathya, who ensures that both gets married. Guru seeks solace with Badrinath (Prakash Raj). A do-gooder and an influential man in the society, he takes sides with Guru. Sathya goes hammer and tongs and ensures that all ends well. Also enters Anu (Mallika Kapoor) in Sathya's life.
Just Friends	American	romance	Roger Kumble	In 1995, Chris Brander (Ryan Reynolds) is an overweight high school student with a lisp, braces, and a gentle giant demeanor who secretly has a huge romantic crush on his classmate and best friend Jamie Palamino (Amy Smart). After confessing his feelings by writing them in Jamie's yearbook, he attends Jamie's graduation party. As he returns the yearbook to her, it is secretly swapped by her despicable ex-boyfriend, Tim (Ty Olsson), who reads the declaration aloud to everyone and humiliates Chris. Jamie doesn't reciprocate his romantic feelings; after they share a brief kiss on the cheek, Tim and the class burst in and humiliate Chris again. While Jamie admonishes them, an enraged Chris tearfully leaves the party, announcing that he would never return and vows to be more successful than everyone. Ten years later, Chris has lost weight, is handsome, and lives in Los Angeles; he is a womanizer who has dated supermodels, starlets, and socialites, works as a highly successful record producer and also holds a position of senior vice president of the same record corporation he works for. Prior to Christmas, Chris's employer, company CEO KC (Stephen Root), asks Chris to accompany an emerging self-obsessed pop singer named Samantha James (Anna Faris) to Paris to ensure she signs with their label, an order to which Chris reluctantly complies. During the trip to Paris, Samantha accidentally sets her private jet on fire resulting in an emergency landing in New Jersey, near Chris's hometown. Chris takes Samantha to his mother's house to spend the night and re-engages with his teenage past, including his unresolved feelings for Jamie. Samantha meets Chris's mother and 18-year-old brother Mike (Christopher Marquette) who has an enormous crush on Samantha. At the local bar, Chris encounters some old classmates, including his best friend Clark (Fred Ewanuick) and Clark's wife Darla (Amy Matysio); he also encounters Tim, who is now balding, fat, and a heavy drinker. Jamie also appears, working as a bartender to support herself through graduate school. Chris plans to impress and seduce Jamie. He gets Mike to keep Samantha busy during his date with Jamie, but the realization that Jamie's platonic friendship is important to him hampers Chris's plan. During a friendly ice skating day date, Chris is taken away in an ambulance after injuring himself. At the scene, Jamie is reunited with Dusty Dinkleman (Chris Klein), a paramedic and former high school nerd who was also romantically in love with her. That night, in an attempt to rectify his situation, Chris again leaves Samantha in Mike's hands and takes Jamie to a movie showing of The Notebook. Jamie, however, brings Dusty along, and Chris's mother ends up joining them, ruining Chris's plan. Meanwhile, Samantha plays a gig at the heavy metal club that Chris sent her to, gets booed off the stage and assaults a member of the audience. The next night, Chris goes to Jamie's for a Christmas party, planning to reveal his feelings for her, but he finds Dusty already there winning the guests over with his charm and musical talents. Back at Chris's place, Samantha ambushes Mike and pushes him against the bathroom wall demanding to find out Chris's location; fully aware of his feelings, she passionately tongue kisses him until he tells her where Chris has gone. In a rage, she drives to Jamie's house and crashes through her fence, destroying her family's Christmas decorations. Chris returns home in embarrassment, and Jamie follows him; she tells him she is not mad and they end up spending the night together catching up and looking at photos, but due to Chris's continuing lack of assertion, the two end up falling asleep and no romance ensues. The next day, Jamie speaks with Darla about the night before and her fear that Chris's lack of affection means that he doesn't like her. Jamie admits that while the two are just friends, she tried to put herself out there to Chris, to show Chris that she is interested in a relationship. Meanwhile, Chris goes to Clark's medical office to get advice, saying that the timing wasn't right and Jamie and Chris's history hinders his willingness to have sex with her. Outside the office, they happen to catch Dusty singing to a sexy nurse and then kissing her. Dusty reveals to Chris and Clark that he only plans to have sex with Jamie, as he wants to humiliate her in the same way that he felt she used to humiliate him when he was a nerd and she was the object of his crush. Chris tries to warn Jamie, but instead ends up attacking Dusty in front of her; Jamie refuses to listen when Chris tries to explain. Chris consequently gets drunk and goes to the bar where Jamie works, finding her there with Dusty. Jamie refuses to listen and Dusty tries to convince her to have sex with him. When Jamie gently turns him down, Dusty storms out of the bar. Chris and Jamie get into another fight, with him blaming her for keeping him in the friend zone and saying that she peaked in high school and will never amount to anything. Jamie punches Chris and he is tossed out of the bar. Upon returning to LA and having a frightening reunion with Samantha (who sneaks into Chris's house to surprise him), Chris realizes that Jamie is his one and only true love. He returns to New Jersey hoping to finally be with her. Chris declares his genuinely intense romantic love for Jamie at her house and the two share a kiss outside, in view of the neighborhood kids.
Living Together	Malayalam	romance	Fazil	Shyama is a free spirited girl who lost her parents at a young age. After their death, she becomes attached to her grandfather and uncle. She was brought up in a progressive way and, unlike typical Kerala women, used to mingle freely with boys. She becomes friendly with Hemachandran, a boy in the neighbourhood who falls in love with her. However, she moves away from the locality. Later, Hemanth discovers Shyama does love him. However, Shyama is not willing for a marriage as she is told that either she or Hemachandran will die after six months from the marriage. The story continues to tell how they overcome this obstacle in their relationship and family problems.
Surya vs Surya	Telugu	romance	Karthik Ghattamaneni	The film story revolves around a young man Surya (Nikhil Siddharth) who suffers with a heriditary disorder Porphyria, that prevents him from going outside during the day and enjoying the beauty of life during daytime. He is raised by his mom (Madhoo). Additionally, he falls in love with a TV anchor (Tridha Choudhury). Be that as it may he doesn't advise about his medicinal condition to her as he reasons for alarm that she may respond contrarily. She feels sold out when she comes to think about it through others. Rest of the story is about how Surya picks up certainty and wins the affection back[2][3]!
Crazy/Beautiful	American	romance	John Stockwell	Nicole Oakley, the out-of-control daughter of congressman Tom Oakley, meets a working class Mexican-American straight-A student, Carlos Nuñez. Nicole's mother committed suicide when she was very young, and feels unwanted by her father, who is now married to another woman and has another young daughter with his new wife. Carlos, on the other hand, is from a poor background and is working hard towards becoming a Navy pilot. They fall in love, and Carlos spends so much time with her that he stops performing well in school. Carlos is applying to the U.S. Naval Academy and Nicole's father suggests Carlos talk to him about gaining his Congressional sponsorship to the Academy. During their meeting, Nicole's father tells Carlos that he needs to end his relationship with Nicole, or she will destroy his life. Carlos breaks up with her, which leads Nicole into depression and back into wild, drunken partying. One night, Carlos calls her and finds out she is getting drunk at a high school party. He saves Nicole from a boy trying to take advantage of her. Carlos drives her home, but they get stopped by the police. As a result of this incident, Nicole's father and stepmother decide that she needs to go to a boarding school far away from home; Carlos rescues her and they run away together. While they are away, Nicole realizes she is getting in the way of Carlos' dreams, so she decides to sober up. They go back home and she makes up with her father. Her father thanks Carlos for not listening to his advice to abandon Nicole. In the end credits, we see that Carlos has become a pilot with the Navy.
The Last Time I Saw Paris	American	romance	Richard Brooks	As World War II ends in Europe, Stars and Stripes journalist Charles Wills (Van Johnson) is on the streets of Paris, covering the celebrations. He suddenly is grabbed by a beautiful woman, who kisses him and disappears. Charles follows the crowd to Café Dhingo and meets another pretty woman named Marion Ellswirth (Donna Reed). The mutual attraction is instant, and she invites him to join her father's celebration of the end of the war in Europe. Charles, Marion and her persistent French suitor Claude Matine (George Dolenz) arrive at the Ellswirth household, and we find that the woman who had kissed Charles is Marion's younger sister Helen (Elizabeth Taylor). Their father, James Ellswirth (Walter Pidgeon), had survived World War I and promptly joined the Lost Generation. Unlike most drifters, he never grew out of it; raising his two daughters to desire such a lifestyle. Helen takes after her father and uses her beauty to sustain a life of luxury even though they are flat broke. Marion goes the other way and looks for serious-minded and conventional young men such as Claude, an aspiring prosecutor, and Charles, the future novelist. Charles and Helen start dating and fall in love. After Helen recovers from a near-death case of pneumonia, they get married and settle in Paris. James good-naturedly joins the happy family of Charles, with Helen eventually having a daughter Vickie (Sandy Descher). Marion, having lost Charles to Helen, agrees to marry Claude. Charles struggles to make ends meet with his meager salary, unsuccessfully works on his novels and looks after Vickie. At about this time, the barren oil fields in Texas that James had bought years before finally begin to produce. Charles, to whom James had given the oil fields as a dowry, quits his job, and Helen and James begin to host parties instead of going to them. Sudden wealth changes Helen, who becomes more responsible, and Charles parties his wealth away after quitting his newspaper job and having all his novels rejected by publishers. They also each start to pursue other interests: Helen flirts with handsome tennis player Paul Lane (Roger Moore), and Charles competes in a local Paris-to-Monte Carlo race with professional divorcee Lorraine Quarl (Eva Gabor). After the race, Charles returns to Paris, only to find Helen sitting in Café Dhingo with Paul. A fight breaks out between Paul and Charles, and an angry Charles goes home first and puts the chain on the door, preventing it from being opened all the way. When Helen comes home and tries to enter she can't. She calls out to him, but Charles is in a drunken stupor on the staircase, and the bottle drops from his hands as Helen calls. Helen has to walk all the way to her sister's in the snow and rain. She catches pneumonia again and dies. Marion petitions for and gets full custody of Vickie, and Charles returns home to America. A few years later, having straightened himself out, published a book, and stopped boozing, Charles returns to Paris, hoping his reform will persuade Marion to give Vickie back to him. Charles tells Marion that he only has one drink a day now. Marion refuses, still feeling resentful towards Charles' having fallen for Helen instead of her and for his being responsible for Helen's death. Seeing that Charles and Vickie belong together, Claude steps in and tells Marion that she is punishing Charles for his not realizing that Marion loved him, but marrying Helen instead, and the penalty for it is taking away the only thing he had left: his own daughter. Claude asks Marion to accept him and wanting their own child out of love and not out of defeat (as a result of Charles allowing Helen to die). Marion goes into Café Dhingo (on whose main wall is a big picture of Helen) to look for Charles (who is gazing at the painting) and tells him that Helen would not have wanted him to be alone. Outside the cafe, Claude is with Vickie. The child runs to Charles, and Charles and the child walk off together as the movie ends.
Friends	British	romance	Lewis Gilbert	In this teen romance, a neglected 15-year-old English boy named Paul Harrison (Sean Bury), living in Paris with his wealthy businessman father, befriends an orphaned 14-year-old French girl named Michelle Latour (Anicée Alvina). She is recently arrived in Paris to live with her cousin but soon finds the situation in her cousin's Montmartre apartment to be disturbingly unwholesome. Together, Paul and Michelle decide to run away; they travel to the idyllic marshlands of the Camargue where Michelle has in her keeping a very small cottage. She and her recently deceased artist father periodically escaped to the cottage from their home in Arles. There, Paul and Michelle set up housekeeping, become lovers, have a baby, and play at being responsible adults. Along the way, both Paul and Michelle discover many of the troubles that can be involved with family life. Ultimately, however, police who have responded to a missing-persons report from Paul's father find and separate the two, presumably taking their baby into protective custody. In the 1974 sequel, Paul and Michelle, the young family has been reunited, and Paul Harrison has to cope with not only a new love interest for Michelle Latour, but also the difficulties he faces balancing work, college, and trying to maintain their family.
ABCD	Tamil	romance	Saravana Subbiah	Anand (Shaam), an MBA-chartered accountant, runs in search of a job. He stays in the house of an old Brahmin whose daughter Chandra (Sneha) returns home following the death of her husband (Saravana Subbiah), who had been torturing her since their wedding. She slowly gets attracted towards Anand, for he shows love and affection towards her. Meanwhile, Anand comes across Bharathy (Nandana) in a bus who misplaces his academic certificates. Bharathy is a woman with revolutionary ideas and looks after her whole family. A sequence of events brings them close leading to Bharathy developing love towards him. Meanwhile, Anandh comes across one Divya Daisy (Aparna Pillai). She is an orphan brought up by a church and goes to find a job herself and settles in life all out of her own efforts. Anand rescues her from an accident and rushes her to a hospital. Over a period of time, they become very close friends eventually leading to Divya opening her heart to Anand. Caught in a tight corner, who Anand decides to marry forms the rest.
Premam	Malayalam	romance	Alphonse Putharen	In 2000, George Kalaparambath (Nivin Pauly), a 16-year-old pre-degree student, develops unrequited love for Mary (Anupama Parameswaran), the prettiest girl in his area, a small region of Aluva. George and his friends Shambu (Shabareesh Varma) and Koya (Krishna Shankar) often follow around Mary in an attempt to talk to her. One day, George decides to propose to Mary, but he is afraid of her father who has a notoriety of beating up boys trying to woo his daughter. Nonetheless, every time he gathers the courage to talk to her, something or the other comes up and George ends up disappointed. He is eventually heartbroken to know that Mary is in a relationship with another boy, also named George. The seriousness of life finally sinks in when George, Shambu, and Koya introspect about their academic future after a dismal performance in their year-end examination. Five years later, in 2005, George and his friends enroll into college. One day, while on a ragging streak, George and his friends meet Malar (Sai Pallavi), a new lecturer in their college, who happens to be Tamilian. George instantly falls for her and seemingly gets her to feel the same about him. Convinced that they are in love with each other, he extends their relationship and contemplate marriage. Simultaneously, George's college teacher Vimal Sir (Vinay Forrt) also falls for her and tries to woo her with help from his friend, a PT teacher (Soubin Shahir). Later that year, Malar goes to visit her family in Kodaikanal, accompanied by her cousin, Arivazhagan (Ananth Nag). Weeks later, it is announced in the college that Malar had an accident and that consequentially she had been relieved from her post. George and his friends immediately ride to Kodaikanal to meet Malar. It is when Malar fails to recognize George, that he loses all hope and spirals into a state of desolation and trauma. Apparently, Malar had lost memories of her relationship with George due to injuries she suffered in the accident. Malar eventually gets married to Arivazhagan, by her mother, who was worrying who would accept her daughter in such a state. In 2014, George, now in his early 30s, runs a cafe, with his childhood friend Jojo (Willson Joseph) as his assistant. George meets 22-year-old Celine (Madonna Sebastian) in his cafe and feels an affinity towards her, not knowing that she is the same girl who used to walk home from school with Mary every day. Despite the age difference, George decides to propose Celine, but is again crestfallen when he learns that she is about to get engaged to a man named Roney Varghese (Alphonse Putharen). Roney is a cocaine-addict who continuously insults Celine, which result in the engagement being called off. Roney's obsessive behavior in pestering Celine upsets George, and in response, teams up with his friends and beats up Roney at his dilapidated hangout. Finally, George marries Celine. During their wedding reception, Malar arrives with her husband and congratulates the bride and groom for their union. It is revealed that Celine called Malar herself, in an attempt to offer closure to George. As she leaves the event, it is revealed that Malar had regained her memory after recovering from the impact of the accident. This is showcased when her husband asks her as to why she did not reveal to George that she had regained her memory, to which she answers that George was happy with Celine and she needed to let things be the way they were.
His Woman	American	romance	Edward Sloman	While docked in a Caribbean port aboard a third-rate freighter, Captain Sam Whalan (Gary Cooper) gets involved in a drunken brawl in a seedy tavern. Returning to the ship, Sam discovers that a baby boy, rescued from a drifting Navy boat, has been left for an unnamed sailor aboard his ship. Deciding to adopt the child himself, Sam advertises for a mother and soon hires Sally Clark (Claudette Colbert) as the child's nanny in exchange for her passage to New York. Sally tells him she is the daughter of a recently deceased missionary. Unknown to Sam, Sally is actually a dance hall girl dressed to appear virtuous and proper. During the voyage, Sally takes loving care of the child while Sam protects her from the lusty sailors on board. One night, the first mate, Gatson (Averell Harris), recognizes Sally from a dance hall and tries to blackmail her into sleeping with him. Sally struggles to reject his advances, and Sam comes to her rescue. In the ensuing struggle, Gatson falls overboard. Unable to locate him in the dense fog, he is assumed dead. By the time they arrive in New York, Sam and Sally have fallen in love and intend to marry. The Department of Commerce, however, calls Sam to testify in an investigation of the Gatson incident, and he is soon arrested. Sam and Sally are surprised to learn that Gatson survived, was picked up by a cruise ship, and is now pressing charges against Sam for assault and attempted murder. In the course of the investigation, in order to clear Sam of the charges, Sally is forced to reveal her sordid past as a dance hall girl. Shocked and disappointed by the revelation, Sam tells Sally to leave the ship, and decides to put the baby up for adoption, despite Sally's sincere protests. After sending his assistant Aloysius (Hamtree Harrington) to deliver Sally's luggage, Sam goes off drinking with Gatson. Later that night, a vengeful Sam brings Gatson to Sally's apartment to insult her. When she learns from another sailor that the baby was left out in the rain and is now sick, she immediately comes to care for the infant with the help of a doctor. Sam postpones his next sailing mission until the child's fever breaks and he begins to recover. By the time the baby is well and the ship pulls up anchor, Sam and Sally have made amends and renew their plans to marry.
Shanghai Rumba	Chinese	romance	Peng Xiaolian	Wanyu (Yuan Quan), a young woman unhappily constrained by the rules of the traditional Chinese society, accidentally meets film star A Chuan (Xia Yu) when she is offered a role in his film. Her life completely changes from that moment on. 　　
Gurudeva	Tamil	romance	Jaffer	The movie is about a street rowdy's love for a rich heiress. Guru (Jai Akash) is a street rowdy who hangs out in a mechanic shop owned by Mari (Nassar), a handicapped man who is the advisor to Guru. They lead a happy life. Deva (Pranathi) falls in love with him. Later they both decide to marry.
Premabandham	Telugu	romance	Agathiyan	Jai Akash is Indian born London resident, and a millionaire in the city. After a long tour around the world, he comes back to his homeland, India. On his return he finds his mother Charanya feeling sad upon something, and finds out she miss her relationship with her long lost family members, although they have lots and lots of money. At that point Jai akash does not feel anything for relationship, as he is wealthy and he has his mother by his side for uninterrupted love. Suddenly, Charanya gets ill and dies. Jai Akash who has seen nothing except for his mother’s love and money, feels for some one to care about him for the first time. He goes in search of his long lost relatives in a village, mentioned by his mother earlier. He wants to feel true love, so he disguises himself as a poor man and joins as a servant in Vijayaumar’s house, who is the Village's head. Later he finds out that Vijaykumar is his father, and feels happy about it. Vijay kumar too feels happy for getting his son back. While he was planning to tell the village folks that Jai Akash is his son, he dies in a heart attack. Now, Jai Akash is left without support for the second time in his life. The remaining part of the story narrates whether Vijaykumar’s other family members accepted Jai Akash as one of their inmates or not. The story also involves the sudden love affair between Jai Akash and the girl next door, Sridevika. This movie unlike the rest, highlight the importance of relationship between each other and upholds the truth that love is more powerful than money, and prestige. Highlight of the movie is comedian Muthukalai, who comes close in competition with Vadivelu. Stunt master Jaguar Thangam double up as a Villain in this film. Overall, the film has a strong story line, screenplay and some double meaning dialogues for some added entertainment, in a typical Agathian style, who is the director of this movie.[2]
Son of the Gods	American	romance	Frank Lloyd	Sam Lee (Barthelmess) is the only son of extremely wealthy Chinese merchant Lee Ying. Sam can pass as white. Lee Ying sends him to a prestigious university, where he studies hard. He is tolerated in white social circles, even though it is known there that he is Chinese, because of his money. One day, two fellow students talk him into a triple date, but the white girls are outraged when they find out that they are out with a dirty yellow Chinaman. They pressure the two white men to make up a transparently fake excuse to leave. Insulted, Sam drops out of school. He tells Lee Ying that he is going to travel on his own, without his father's financial support. He takes a lowly job aboard a ship and ends up working for a novelist named Bathurst because of his knowledge of Chinese. In the south of France, Sam meets Allana Wagner (Bennett), the spoiled daughter of an indulgent father. Allana falls madly in love with Sam. Though Sam loves her too, he is afraid to pursue a relationship until she tells him that she was once engaged to a man from India. Everything goes well for a while. One day, however, Allana's father tells her he has found out that Sam is Chinese. She flies into a rage and repeatedly lashes Sam in public with her riding crop, revealing to all within earshot why. Later, she deeply regrets what she did and telephones to apologize, but Sam has returned home to New York City, having received word that his father is very ill. Sam rushes home, only to find that his father has died, attended on his deathbed by Eileen, a childhood white friend of Sam's. (Lee Ying never forgot Eileen's uncle's kindness to him, and had made Eileen his very well-paid secretary.) Embittered, Sam renounces the white world and its Christian values and embraces his Chinese heritage. He runs his father's business empire with an iron fist, denying his white customers credit. Meanwhile, Allana embarks on a wild round of non-stop partying to try to forget Sam, but only succeeds in ruining her health. One day, she collapses and is near death. In her delirium, she calls for Sam repeatedly. Her racist father reluctantly asks Sam to come see her. Sam pays a visit, and Allana recovers. Finally Eileen sends for her uncle Dugan. He tells Sam that, while a policeman in San Francisco, he found an abandoned child. Assuming that he was Chinese, Dugan gave the boy to Lee Ying and his wife, who had been praying for a child. After a few years, it became apparent that the boy was actually white. Since Sam was never formally adopted, Dugan recommends to Lee Ying that he relocate to New York to avoid risking losing Sam. Unable to quench her love for Sam, Allana tells him that she wants to marry him before he has a chance to tell her that he is white. The lovers are happily reunited.
Chilipi Krishnudu	Telugu	romance	B. Subba Rao	Dr. Krishna (Akkineni Nageswara Rao) a medic, is the spoilt son of a rich businessman (Satyanarayana), for whom the life is all about playing pranks and troubling people around. Finally, he is taught a lesson in humility by a fellow student, Vani (Vanisri) and a dramatic change in outlook and falls in love with her. But his joy is short-lived as Raja (Prabhakar Reddy) and his gang try to rape Vani for which she commits suicide. On her death-bed, Krishna promises Vani that he will take care of her family settled in a remote village. Krishna reaches the village where he is astounding to see Vani's twin sister Rani (again Vanisri) who lives in the village with her mother Meenakshamma (Shantha Kumari). Then he starts practicing medicine in their small village as this was what Vani wanted to do. With time, both are drawn towards each other until one day Raja is in front of him and he comes to know that Raja is his elder brother who was separated when they were young.
Late Autumn	South_Korean	romance	Unknown	Washington state, US, the present day.[8] Anna (Tang Wei), an immigrant from China, has been in prison for seven years for the manslaughter of her husband (John Woo), who was jealous over her re-meeting her former boyfriend Wang Jing (Jun-seong Kim). Hearing that her mother has died and her brother John has arranged her bail, Anna is given 72 hours parole to visit her family in Seattle. On the coach she meets a young Korean man, Hoon (Hyun Bin), who borrows US$30 towards a ticket, and he gives her his watch as security, promising to pay her back later. Unknown to Anna, Hoon is a gigolo on the run from powerful businessman Steve (James C. Burns), who wants to kill him for having an affair with his Korean wife, Ok-ja (Jeong So-ra). Hoon meets Anna again in Seattle, and the pair spend time together. The next day he turns up at her mother's funeral, and gets into a fight with Wang at a restaurant afterwards. Anna tells him she has to return to prison on time, but Hoon doesn't give up so easily.[9]
Mahasangram	Bengali	romance	Kumarjit Patitundu	Mahasangram is a family drama starring Pradeep Roy, Supriya Choudhury, Kushal Chakraborty and Rituparna Sengupta in lead roles.
P.S.	American	romance	Dylan Kidd	Thirty-nine-year old divorcée Louise Harrington (Linney) works in the admissions office at Columbia University School of the Arts. She is unnerved when she receives an application from F. Scott Feinstadt (Grace), the same name of her high school sweetheart who was killed in a car crash, and calls the student to arrange an interview. His appearance, mannerisms, and painting style closely resemble those of her former love, and she begins to suspect the young artist may be the reincarnation of her old flame. Hours after meeting, the two embark upon an affair. Also complicating Louise's life are her relationship with her ex-husband Peter (Gabriel Byrne), who confesses he is learning to cope with a sex addiction that, unknown to her, plagued their marriage; her ne'er-do-well brother Sammy (Paul Rudd), who is favored by their mother Ellie (Lois Smith) despite his shortcomings; and her best friend Missy (Marcia Gay Harden), who stole the original Scott from Louise before his death and seems intent on doing the same with the contemporary version.
Manush Bhut	Bengali	romance	Ajoy Sarkar	Batakrishna Dalvi,a retired and idealist school master, is respected as a father figure in his village. One day he falls sick and is admitted to the city hospital. His son Ghanshyam presumes his father to be dead when he does not find his father in the hospital bed. Haren Naik, the village chief, Mondal, the money lender, Nibaran, the fish monger, the trio who have always exploited the poor villagers take full advantage of Batakrishna's sudden death. In Batakrishnan's absence the trio succeeds in spreading the veil of superstation and drives away a poor village girl Sumi out of the village citing her to be a witch. Her fault was that she had an affair with Nabin's son Madan. The poor villagers failed to raise their voice and succumb to the plot of these three men. But Batakrishna comes back after three months. The poor supersticious villagers who were so convinced of Batakrishna being dead, start considering him to be a ghost. Batakrishna starts appearing as a ghost, Hiren, Mandal and Nibaran, who have been falsely scaring the villagers with superstitions, fall into their own trap. To get rid of the ghost of Batakrishna, the trio call upon a witch doctor; but unfortunatetly for them in the middle such a performance Batakrishna gets them arrested with help of the BDO on the ground of spreading superstition.
Aishwarya	Kannada	romance	Indrajit Lankesh	Abhishek Hegde (Upendra) had first fallen in love with a young lady Anjali (Daisy Bopanna) who was a model. As a struggling model, Anjali finds herself in a fortunate position where she is mistaken to be girlfriend to Abhishek and gets many new offers. Abhishek tries to confront her on seeing the news about his affair with her, but falls in love with her instead. Anjali dies in an accident when the two declare their love and are hugging, Abhishek's car hits a lorry. As Anjali's family were not in favour of her decision of marrying Abhishek, he is informed that Anjali has married the person she has been engaged to and did not care to tell him that Anjali has actually died and visit him, even when he was in hospital recovering from injuries after the accident. Abhishek's grandfather had faked an invitation card to Anjali's wedding only to keep him away from further mental trauma. This angers Abhishek and he starts to hate women with the generalisation that all women are like Anjali. After a long gap Aishwarya (Deepika Padukone) joins the company he works in which is owned by his uncle as an assistant manager. After a stay for a few days in the office, she gets Abhishek fired and she takes the position of manager. Abhishek now not knowing what to do talks to his aunt, but is interrupted by his uncle, who is mean to him. Finally, he takes the job of assistant manager as that is the only job available. Within a few days they assigned a task at Vienna. The two travel to Europe on business for ten days and learn from each other. Aishwarya transforms Abhishek by her assertive and fun-loving nature. They fall in love with each other but don't express it. Abhishek finds out that Aishwarya is getting engaged as decided by her family to a very strict family from Mandya. Aishwarya is aware of Abhishek's feelings for her. Both of them finally speak out their love. Now, Abhishek, to save his love, drives to reach Aishwarya. At that moment, Aishwarya will be on a boat travelling to the place where she has to get marry. Abhishek reaches there and shouts out for Aishwarya, and she responds by jumping into the river. They both reunite and share their moment of joy by telling how much they love each other. The movie ends on a happy note and they are married by the end.
Rome Adventure	American	romance	Delmer Daves	New England librarian Prudence Bell (Suzanne Pleshette) recommended a book, Lovers Must Learn, to one of her students. After defending herself and the book, she resigns telling the school board she's going to Rome where she will encounter people who really know the meaning of love. Sailing from New York she picks the wrong man as a protective consort, providing two potential romantic interests. Albert Stillwell, a student of Etruscan history is a perfect gentleman, while Roberto Orlandi (Rossano Brazzi) is the perfect mature Roman lover. In Rome, Prudence checks into her boarding house and meets a self-centered American architect, Don Porter (Troy Donahue) whose former lover is the manipulative Lyda Kent (Angie Dickinson). Prudence lands a job at The American Book Shop near one of Rome's famous fountains,working for Constance Ford and her sheepdog. Don is a confidant of Roberto and discusses his troubled relationship with Lyda, an artist staying in Italy with financial support from her wealthy father. Before Lyda leaves, Don confronts her on a train, but she is unmovable, finally saying she may return to Italy later. Coincidentally, Lyda leaves for Switzerland just hours after Prudence arrives at the villa (boarding house) in Rome where she and Porter reside. While in Switzerland, Lyda meets a wealthy older man in exile there. Mr. Barkely asked Lyda to accompany him on his yacht to paint his portrait. Lyda soon loses interest in this romance and returned to Italy, followed by a spy on Barkley's payroll. Meanwhile, Prudence runs into Don at an outdoor cafe near the American Bookshop. Prudence cheers Don up with her fresh perspective on the beauty of the Roman square, and they go sightseeing around Rome in horse-drawn carriages and his Vespa scooter. While at lunch late in the afternoon overlooking Rome, Don buys a candelabra from a peddler, a symbol of Don's integrity because the candelabra appears to be pure gold. At dinner, Emilio Pericoli sings Al Di Là (a song that reached number 6 after the movie's release in 1962). They find themselves holding hands and cuddling during the performance, then meet a musician (played by trumpeter Al Hirt) who Don knows, who invites them to a jazz joint for a late evening performance, at the end of which Al Hirt and a patron get into a fistfight over a beautiful woman. Don and Prudence leave in a horse-drawn carriage and kiss in the darkness, arriving home at 3 AM. The bookstore closes for summer holidays, and Don and Prudence leave on a bus tour, where Prudence grows closer to Don as she understands his passion to become an architect. They continue on by themselves to Lago Maggiore for a tour of the garden spots of northern Italy, the Italian Alps with Al Di Là playing over the chairlift speakers, and Verona with its Romeo and Juliet balcony. At the market place, Prudence coincidentally runs into Albert and his mother, and is concerned that this woman will report to her mother back in the U.S. that she is no longer on the bus tour, but on a romantic trip with Don. Prudence quickly excuses herself, telling Albert and his mother that she must leave, and fleeing with Don out of the market then and on a night train to Rome. Back in Rome, Lyda has got into more trouble and has an urgent need to see Don. She kisses Don in front of the window while the private eye watches. Although Don knows he has to break off his relationship with her, Lyda meets Prudence in Don's room back at the boarding house and Lyda invites Prudence and Albert to dinner at her studio. Not hearing from Don for three days, Prudence decides to move on, and become a sophisticated woman during the remaining time in Italy. She decides to have a sexual relationship with Roberto Orlandi, the Italian man who had pursued her at the beginning of her stay in Italy. She packs an overnight bag, ready to practice love with him. When Prudence comes downstairs to be a student of Roberto's seduction lessons, Roberto plays along, then stops the action, confessing that Don had stayed with him for the previous three days to think things through. Don had decided that he loved Prudence, but then he received an urgent telegram to rescue Lyda. Don is summoned to a fancy hotel where Lyda confesses she has married a possessive rich older man, Bentley, and needs Don to free her from her palatial prison. Don realizes that Lyda is just using him, that she does not love him or even care about him. Don heads back to Rome. Convinced that Don wants to be with Lyda, Prudence plans to return to the States, with a chaotic good-bye in the train station from all the friends she has made in Rome. On the train, Albert asks Prudence to marry him and confesses that he had fallen in love with her since the first day they met, but she evades him while the other passengers board the train. Sailing back to New York City, Prudence sees her parents from the ship's rail and begins to disembark. Then she sees a candelabra and roses weaving their way through the crowd, behind her parents, and it is Don. They embrace as Don tells her of his love and asks her to marry him.
Nee Jathaga Nenundali	Telugu	romance	Jaya Ravindra	A large crowd is waiting for Raghava Jairam(Sachiin J Joshi) – a successful singer and musician whose career is waning because of his alcohol addiction – to perform at a stage show in Goa. After nearly completing a song, he is unexpectedly interrupted by Varun(Aadarsh balakrishna), who was losing his career due to Raghav's, during his performance. Raghav fights him, stops his performance, and drives to a local bar. He meets Gayathri Nandan(Nazia), a bar singer who idolises Raghava. After noticing Gayathri looking at a photograph of Lata Mangeshkar in the bar, he assumes that she wants to become a singer. Impressed by her simplicity and voice, Raghava promises to transform her into a singing sensation, and asks her never to perform again in bars. Due to his assurance, Gayathri leaves her job and returns to hyderabad with Rahul, who convinces record producer Suresh (Rao Ramesh) to meet her. When Aarohi calls Raghava, he is attacked and injured by some thugs, and is unable to receive her call. His friend and manager Vivek (Shashank) says that news of Raghav's accident should not be leaked to the media, and instead publicises a false story that Raghav has left the country to participate in stage shows. When Gayathri attempts to contact Raghav again, Vivek ignores the calls. After two months of futilely attempting to contact Raghav, a broken Gayathri is forced to sing in bars again because of her family problems. Meanwhile, Raghav recovers from his injuries and Raghav again starts the search for Gayathri. He learns that Gayathri is working in a bar again and that Vivek had ignored her calls without informing him. Raghav apologises to Gayathri and fires Vivek, and they meet with Suresh for the recording agreement. Raghav begins to train Gayathri, who signs a music contract to sing in films and becomes a successful playback singer. Her family and Ragahv are happy, but when people begin to gossip that Raghav is using her as a servant, he relapses into alcohol addiction. Gayathri, who loves Ragahav more than her career, comforts him and they spend the night together. Despite Gayathri mother's disapproval, Gayathri moves in with Ragahav and things go well until Raghav's addiction worsens, causing him to become aggressive and violent. To help Raghav fight his alcoholism, Gayathri attempts to rehabilitate Raghav, sacrificing her singing career in doing so. After Suresh reminds them about their dream of Gayathri becoming a successful singer, Ragahv orders her to focus on her work. During Gayathri's stage show, Raghav meets a journalist backstage, who accuses him of using Gayathri for pleasure and money. Furious, Raghav beats up the journalist and starts drinking. He ends up in jail, and Gayathri comes to bail him out. Raghav overhears Gayathri telling Suresh that she is going to leave her career for him and is ready to give up her celebrity status because Raghav is more important to her. Raghav understands that he has become a burden in her life, and that leaving her is his only option to save her. The next day, he bids her farewell by assuring her that he will change his lifestyle and dies in aroad accident.Distraught by Raghav's death, Gayathri decides to leave her career but Vivek persuades her to stay. He reminds her that Raghav wanted her to become a successful singer and killed himself as he did not want to be a burden on her and remain an obstacle in the path of her success. Gaythri agrees, and returns to singing.After four years she has a 4-year-old boy whose name is Raghava Jairam
Thullal	Tamil	romance	Praveen Kanth	Jeeva (Praveen Gandhi) with a group of friends is a prankster, spoil brat and a big time womanizer. He is addicted to sex and have sex with various women at any cost. It is shown in the introduction scene, where an eloped couple meets them for help and the friends pretends to help them and takes away the bridegroom from the place. Jeeva seduces the woman and enjoys having sex with her. His parents Manicka Vinayagam and Sumithra knows about his attitude advised him numerous times but he is stubborn and considered it as a challenge by winning women's trust into having sex. One fine day, he witnesses a group of thugs misbehaving with a girl named Shruthika (Gurleen Chopra). He immediately gets tempted of her and plans to help her to have sex with her. When he bashed all of the thugs, Shruthika instantly falls for him. They become good friends. One day, Jeeva invites Shruthika home and seduces her ending up both having sex. After that incident, he ill treats her and asks her to either go out of town or get her pregnancy aborted. She tearfully leaves out of town of Ooty. Before that, in a parallel scene Jeeva witnesses Shruthika is forced by a woman named Gayathiri to lodge a police complaint against the man who betrays her. But she feeling insecured to be known this by others takes a step back. Gayathiri abuses that guy through words unknowingly it is none other than Jeeva. He is angry and wants to avenge this insult. He plans to marry her and after their first night plans to escape to Goa. After numerous attempts, Gayathiri gets convinced by her guardian Seetha a doctor to marry Jeeva. After numerous failing attempts to seduce her, in her house he hatches out a plan and fixes a honeymoon plan to Ooty. There he meets Shruthika Gurleen Chopra his ex-victim, who is now a tourist guide there in Ooty. Jeeva obeys his wife's instructions and pretends to be a loyal husband. Gayathiri who knows Shruthika earlier introduces her to Jeeva. Now Gayathiri's condition is that to believe him or to start a life with him, he must resolve the pending problem in Shruthikas life. He apologizes to Shruthika and promises to marry her and also tells her he will reveal everything to his wife. But he is cunningly plan to fool both his ex-lover and wife. His friend Somu (Vivek) tries to reveal everything to his wife but Jeeva drugs him by mixing sleeping pills in the coffee he drinks. Somu reveals everything to Shruthika and tells her to at least try to save Gayathiri. Jeeva successfully had sex with Gayathiri and drugs her by mixing sleeping pills in the milk leaving her unconscious. When he was to about to escape to Goa in a bus. Shruthika captures him and brings him to a mortuary. Shruthika abuses him with words and says You love to touch women's body. Now touch this bodies till you satisfy. He is horrified by this and realizes his mistake and his life as an animal. He asks forgiveness and tries to commit suicide which is stopped by Shruthika. Shruthika asks him to live a good life with Gayathiri as that's his lifelong punishment. Outside the mortuary, they tell the awaiting Gayathiri that her lover died in an accident. Jeeva and Gayathiri is joined hands by Shruthika. Jeeva and Shruthika see each other for the one last time and bid a tearful goodbye. Shruthika leaves the country forever and settles in Australia.
Khulood (Immortality)	Egyptian	romance	Ezzel Dine Zulficar	A man named Mahmoud falls in love with Layla, a beautiful lady. Another man, Hasan, has also fallen in love with Layla. Layla is shot as a consequence of their vying for her affections. Amal, Layla's daughter, also loves Nabil, Hasan's son.
Chitram	Telugu	romance	Teja	Janaki (Reema Sen) and her sister are NRIs who want to join a PU college in AP. Janaki stays with her uncle and procures the admission in the same college as Ramana (Uday Kiran), a die-hard music fan. When Janaki first sees him in the music room practicing they get attracted to each other. When family members of Ramana are away, Janaki happens to come to Ramana's house wearing a saree. As she does not know how to wear saree, all she does is drape it around her body . Ramana offers to teach her how to wear a saree then accidentally he puts hand inside her saree skirt which makes them both feel shy and attracted. In the process they consummate their passion. After a few days Janaki informs Ramana that she is pregnant. Ramana, along with his friends, hires a nurse to perform abortion on Janaki. When Ramana asks Janaki to prepare for the abortion, she refuses to do so as she says she wants a company of a kid. Janaki tells him that her mother used to tell her that when she dies she will be reborn as Janaki's child. Janaki is then told by the college Principal to take rest and write the exam following year. When Ramana's parents talk to Janaki's uncle he blames Ramana. Soon Ramana and Janaki move into a new house and Ramana gets a job as a guitar player in a club. Janaki delivers a child in the hospital during Ramana's exams on which he can't concentrate and can't write anything. His lecturer tells him to study well as he has not done well in the previous tests also. But Janaki expects him to help her out in taking care of the baby. Ramana starts getting fed up of Janaki and the baby and starts refusing to change the baby's diaper and even to take care of the baby for a minute when Janaki is in the kitchen. At this time Ramana loses his job in the club and Janaki questions him about his behaviour. Now angry, Ramana shouts and blames Janaki that she spoit his life, future and career. The next day when Ramana is writing his examination, Janaki brings the baby in a basket, approaches Ramana and leaves the baby in the exam hall and runs away to make Raman understand the difficulty of raising a baby alone. The invigilator holds the crying baby until Ramana has finished. Then Ramana takes the baby and goes home and feels bad about abusing Janaki and takes good care of the baby. One day when he is sleeping the baby disappears and Ramana goes searching for the child all over the city. He comes back home worried without finding the baby when Janaki returns home with the baby. Ramana apologises to her. Janaki tells him that she is pregnant again. In the ending the couple walk to college with the baby in the basket. 
Reckless	American	romance	James Foley	Teenage outcast Johnny Rourke (Aidan Quinn) falls for upper-class cheerleader Tracey Prescott (Daryl Hannah). A random draw at the high school 'Tin Can-Can' dance pairs the two. Worlds collide and opposites attract as the two fall in love. Living dangerously, Rourke's anti-social behavior clashes with the privileged socialite Prescott. Hopes dashed, future prospects dim and the omnipresent American Steel mill looming large in the background of this one-industry-town, Rourke comes to grips with his estranged mother and recently deceased father (Kenneth McMillan). Meanwhile, Tracey is forced to decide between her stable longtime boyfriend Randy Daniels (Adam Baldwin) and Rourke.
Mudhal Kanave	Tamil	romance	Balamurugan	The movie begins in Kanyakumari where Hari (Vikranth) settles down as painter for his livelihood. He comes across Jennifer (Honey Rose) and gets attracted by her. Sequence of events reveals that she is a married woman. She is the wife of David (Yugendhran) in the same village. Enters Hari's employer (Manivannan). Hari opens his heart to him. A flashback reveals that Hari and Jennifer had been in love for a long time. A sequence of events leaves Jennifer mistaking Hari for no fault of him. She gets married and settles down in Kaniyakumari. Hari is hopeful that he would woo back Jennifer. The rest of the event is all but how Jennifer and Hari get united.
Aashiq Awara	Bollywood	romance	Umesh Mehra	At the hands of bandits, a young taxi driver and his wife, a music teacher, are dying. Their son, Jai (Saif Ali Khan), after contacting the scammers, lives clumsily due to deception. But trying to raid a cargo of gold belonging to a large smuggler, Jai is forced to flee from the police and from the bandits. Hiding, he gets into the house of a man, rescuing his father. Taking advantage of the opportunity, Jai impersonates a fiancé of the daughter of the owner of the house who came from the USA...
Maryada	Bollywood	romance	Aravind Sen	The story of the film revolves around twin girls born in a poor household in a remote village hamlet. Scared with the prospect of raising two girls, the beleaguered parents hand over one girl to their close confidante and friend with a promise that he would rear her as her own. One of the girls, Laxmi, who grows up with her foster father falls in love with Raja Babu (Raaj Kumar), a wealthy estate owner with properties in Bombay and Coorg. However, the match is not approved by Raja Babu's father, Bade Thakur, leading to a prolonged estrangement between the two. Meanwhile, Raja Babu and Laxmi tie the knot in the village temple and are living a happy life when Bade Thakur solicits the service of his nephew, Pran Bahadur (Pran). Pran successfully uses his devious machinations to wean away Raja Bahadur and Laxmi, making them believe that the other is dead. Meanwhile, Lalitha (Mala Sinha) is spurned by her would-be husband and his family as they are unable to meet their dowry demand due to the ruthless attitude of Bade Bahadur, who refuses to lend a measly amount to his faithful employee. Matters are made worse when a conman and convict, Diwan (Abhi Bhattacharya, in a rare negative appearance) dupes Lalitha. Her father is not able to bear the trauma and succumbs. An enraged Lalitha decides to overcome her poverty by becoming a dancer. Lalitha meets Rajan (Rajesh Khanna), an unemployed youth who has found favour with Raja Bahadur. Raja Bahadur makes Rajan take his place embarking on a search for Laxmi. From here on the mistaken identities lead to the usual misunderstanding resulting in kidnappings and action. However, the denouement is quite predictable for a film with a happy ending.
Jhoota Kahin Ka	Bollywood	romance	Unknown	The Rai family consists of four: father, mother, Shanti, and two sons, Ajay and Vijay. While traveling on a ship, they run into a severe storm, which leads to the ship capsizing, and the family getting separated. While Ajay and his mother are together, Rai is separate, and so is Vijay. Wealthy Jagatnarain Khanna rescues Rai, takes him home, ensures that he is treated well, and makes him a business partner. Years later, the Rai sons have grown up. Ajay is a lowly motor mechanic working in Pinto's Garage, but has big dreams, and a dual life as a Casanova, who is a liar and a conman, who dreams of making it big with a wealthy woman named Sheetal Khanna. Then there is Vijay, who is now known as Vikram, who works for Sheetal Khanna, and hopes to marry her one-day, but has an affair with a gorgeous woman named Mala. When Mala gets pregnant, Vikram refuses to marry her, and an argument ensues. Shortly thereafter, Mala is killed, and Vikram is being blackmailed by a man named Prem, who claims he saw Vikram kill her. When Vikram and Prem find out that Sheetal may marry Ajay, they get together and plot against him - and Ajay's lies, and a dual life, make it easy for them to frame him. One of great movies released in 1979.
Dhanyam (ധന്യം)	Malayalam	romance	Jayalal	Dhanyam tells about the virtues of Kerala village life and culture.[4][5][6]
Amar Akbar Anthony	Bollywood	romance	Manmohan Desai	Kishenlal, a chauffeur, is released from prison after serving the sentence for a fatal hit-and-run accident committed by his employer, the notorious crime boss Robert. Despite Robert's assurance that his family's welfare will be looked after, Kishenlal finds his wife Bharati suffering from tuberculosis and his three sons starving. He seeks help from Robert, who instead humiliates Kishenlal and orders his henchmen to kill him. Kishenlal inadvertently escapes in a car loaded with smuggled gold bullion, given chase by Robert's henchmen. Kishenlal returns home but finds his sons abandoned by his wife, who had left a suicide note. On 15 August, he leaves his sons in a public park at the foot of Mahatma Gandhi's statue to draw off the pursuing henchmen. In an ensuing car crash, Kishenlal is presumed dead by the police, but survives. Before his return, his three sons are found and adopted by a Hindu policeman, a Muslim tailor and a Christian priest respectively. Bharati, who attempts suicide, is instead struck by a falling branch and loses her eyesight. Years later, the eldest son is a policeman named Amar Khanna, the middle-born a liquor dealer named Anthony Gonsalves and the youngest is a qawwali singer named Akbar Ilahabadi, in love with a young doctor, Salma Ali. The three meet when they donate blood for a hit-and-run victim, unaware that they are related and that the recipient is their biological mother Bharati, who is currently a flower-seller. Akbar is initially viewed scornfully by Salma's father Tayyaib Ali, but later gives his blessings after Akbar recues them from a house fire. Amar falls in love with a one-time crook named Lakshmi, taking her and her grandmother to his home after arresting her abusive stepmother. Anthony falls in love with Jennie, an Anglo-Indian who had returned from London, after meeting her at a church sermon. In the meantime, Kishenlal created his own criminal syndicate from smuggled gold, destroyed Robert's business and forced him to work for Kishenlal. Kishenlal had also taken in Robert's daughter, revealed to be Jennie, as his niece before sending her to school in Europe. Robert manages to escape with another shipment of gold bullion, regaining his former position and becomes Kishenlal's rival. He is determined to retrieve Jennie, who had returned to India, for himself. Bharati miraculously regains her eyesight at a festival in honor of Sai Baba of Shirdi, hosted by Akbar. She recognizes him as her youngest son, Raju. Kishenlal is double-crossed by one of his bodyguards Zebisco, who betrays Jennie to Robert in exchange for her hand in marriage. Jennie is kidnapped, resulting in Anthony's adoptive father's death by Robert when the priest tries to stop him. Lakshmi is also kidnapped by her abusive brother Ranjeet, working for Robert. In their pursuit of justice against Robert, the brothers discover their mutual heritage with each other along with Kishenlal and Bharati, reuniting the family once again. Amar, Akbar and Anthony pose as a one-man band, an elderly tailor and a Catholic priest respectively, and infiltrate Robert's mansion along with Salma. Salma rescues Jennie and Lakshmi, while Robert and his henchmen are beaten up by the brothers and later arrested. Due to his past crimes, Kishenlal is sentenced to prison. He comforts Bharati by telling her that their sons are reunited, which is the only thing that matters. Kishenlal is allowed to share a brief heartfelt hug with his sons. The three brothers and their loved ones ride happily into the sunset.
Vaada Raha	Bollywood	romance	Samir Karnik	After receiving a generous grant from the American Medical Association, Dr Duke Chawla (Bobby Deol) who always gives hope to his patients, proposes to his sweetheart, Pooja (Kangana Ranaut), and they arrange to get married soon. While returning home that night, he meets with an accident and wakes up in the East West Hospital paralce of recovery. Shattered and devastated, he is in for more trauma and shock when he finds out that Pooja will have nothing to do with him anymore. Upset, bitter and in despair, he loses his will to live, refuses to take medicine nor any treatment and awaits death. One day, Roshan (Dwij Yadav) a young boy enters Duke's life to rekindle the hope again. He starts telling him stories of the world seen outside his window and motivates him to take his medicines and start his physiotherapy. Day by day Duke starts improving and one fine day he realises that Roshan was suffering from terminal cancer and he died leaving a new life for Duke.
Tolly Lights	Bengali	romance	Arjun Chakraborty	Sreelekha plays the role of a home-maker who falls into the glamour world of films by chance
Driverless	Chinese	romance	Zhang Yang	Driverless is about three love stories that are intertwined by a car accident. It deals with several relationship issues: the seven year itch, reuniting with a first love, one night stands, May–December romances, and extramarital affairs. The director hoped to present love stories set in our current materialistic era, and force audiences to consider what the standard is to measure love. Should we be loyal to money, material things or our own hearts?[3]
Kannum Kannum	Tamil	romance	G. Marimuthu	Sathyamoorthy, an orphan, vents his feelings in a poem but doesn’t submit it to a magazine. Surprisingly he reads a poem, penned by a girl, in a magazine that is quite similar to what he has written. He is amused and sets off to find the girl. He finds that she is a college student and living in Kutralam. He writes a letter and gets a reply. The friendship develops and it gradually evolves into love. One fine day he goes to Kutralam to meet the girl and stays in his friend’s house. The girl is away on a college tour. Ironically, she is the sister of his friend. In the second half, the friend dies in a mishap accidentally caused by Sathyamoorthy. Wishing to atone for his fault, he takes on his friend's responsibilities and considers his friend’s sisters as his own sisters. When the girl comes back, she finds a new brother, who is supposed to be her lover. She is opposed to Sathyamoorphy since she thought it was totally his fault until she realises why he has come to Kutralam. This is followed by an emotional resolution of their love. The Subplot follows Vadivelu as Udumban, whose antics are one of the highlights in the movie, especially the Kenatha Kaanom scene. A reference to the scene is made in the 2009 film Kanthaswamy.
Adam and Evelyne	British	romance	Harold French	When jockey Chris Kirby (Fred Johnson) is fatally injured in a horse race, he gets his best friend, gambler Adam Black (Stewart Granger), to promise to take care of his teenage daughter, Evelyne (Jean Simmons), who has been raised apart from her father. Unbeknownst to Adam, Evelyne had been led to believe that Adam is her father in correspondence between parent and child. Adam is unable to tell her the truth; his butler and friend Bill Murray (Edwin Styles) tries and fails as well. Finally, Adam's sometime girlfriend Moira (Helen Cherry) breaks the news to the girl. Adam sends Evelyne to an exclusive boarding school. When she has grown up, she reappears unexpectedly in his life. Because of the hatred she has for gambling, Adam does not reveal that he stages illegal gambling sessions; instead he tells her that he makes his money on the stock exchange. She begins casually dating Adam's no-good brother Roddy (Raymond Young). When Adam tells Moira that he is getting out of the business, she accuses him of being in love with his ward. Roddy has his own grudge against his brother – Adam refuses to finance a shady deal – and the two of them tip off the police about Adam's last operation. Roddy also brings Evelyne to see what Adam really does for a living. Shocked, she quarrels with Adam and leaves. A kindly gambler, Colonel Bradley (Wilfred Hyde-White), gives her some sage advice and persuades her to reconcile with Adam.
Nakshatra	Bollywood	romance	Mohan Savalkar	After his parents' demise in Delhi, aspiring scriptwriter Ajay lives in Mumbai with his parents' good friends and their daughter Jia with whom he is in love. The family is on good terms with industrialist and socialite Sharad. Ajay is frustrated as he is not able to get any good offers for his work. Luck knocks on Ajay's door when one day Sharad tells him that a group of filmmakers are interested in his work. Ajay devises an impressive script based upon the idea of a robbery given to him by the four producers - Nihal, Neha and sells it to them. Pleased with his success, Jiya agrees to marry Ajay. Call it fortune or coincidence, Ajay's plot of the robbery matches with that of a real one in the city. He even manages to crack the Real password to the system that guards an expensive necklace called Nakshatra in the city museum. The Nakshatra is stolen, and the blame falls on Ajay, as the police receive information and think that he is the mastermind behind it. He gets arrested on the day of his engagement by investigating crime branch officer Gupte (Milind Soman). On the way to the station, the police van is attacked by goons, and Ajay is set free by unknown people. Ajay is now on the run. He lands up in a farm house with a kind old vet, who takes care of him for a while, and then he proceeds incognito to the city to prove his innocence. Gupte is convinced that Ajay is the robber as he has escaped from cops, and goes about investigating the case and catch him. Now Ajay tries to find the producers who hatched the plot n the first place. He manages to locate them but unfortunately someone would be following Ajay's steps and kills each of the four before he can get them to talk.
Neeku Nenu Naaku Nuvvu	Telugu	romance	Raja Shekar	Raghavaiah (Krishnam Raju), a rich industrialist has a daughter (Meena Kumari). Raghavaiah helps Prasad (Suman) who was the son of Raghavaiah's deceased employee by funding his studies. Prasad falls in love with Raghavaiah's daughter and elopes with her to London and settles there. They have a daughter called Seetu alias Seeta Lakshmi. Raghavaiah adopts a boy from an orphanage and names him Anand. Raghavaiah has excessive hatred towards love marriages because of his daughter's elopement. In the meantime, Raghavaiah's daughter dies due to illness. After a few years, Prasad and Seetu (Shriya Saran) return to Hyderabad where she meets Anand (Uday Kiran) who is very loyal to his adopted father. Seetu and Anand fall in love. What happens when Raghavaiah comes to know that his loyal and truthful son is in love with the daughter of those who hurt him forms the crux of the story.
Tera Jadoo Chal Gayaa	Bollywood	romance	A. Muthu	On a visit to scenic Agra, Pooja (Kirti Reddy) meets with a renowned artist, Kabir (Abhishek Bachchan). Kabir is instantly attracted to Pooja, and thinks that Pooja is also attracted to him. But Pooja is only attracted by his talent. On her return, she meets with her boss Mr. Oberoi (Kader Khan) and his son, Raj Oberoi (Sanjay Suri), and she instantly falls in love with Raj. Mr. Oberoi is unhappy with Pooja coming in late to work frequently, and wants to terminate her employment. A fellow employee, Maggi (Johnny Lever) comes to rescue of Pooja, and tells Mr. Oberoi that Pooja has been engaged to Kabir, and shows some photographs that were taken during Pooja's visit to Agra. Pooja reluctantly goes along with this charade in order to keep her job. Kabir is encouraged to know that Pooja has announced her engagement with him. How is she going to convince Mr. Oberoi and Raj that she really loves his son, Raj? This movie is loosely based on the Hollywood film Picture Perfect starring Jennifer Aniston, Jay Mohr, and Kevin Bacon.[citation needed]
Parijatham	Tamil	romance	K. Bhagyaraj	Prakashraj and Seetha have a son named Surendhar (Prithviraj Sukumaran). Sumathi (Saranya Bhagyaraj) is the daughter of Sarath Babu. Sumathi lived in a palatial house and enjoyed a luxurious life in her childhood. However, her father Sarathbabu loses his textile business in a fire accident and is pushed to poverty. Seetha moves to the house opposite to Sumathi's house. Her husband and son are still back in their city waiting to finish training. Sumathi approaches her to work as a maid. Seetha becomes impressed at first sight by Sumathi's wise and sensible character and takes her as her maid. After a few days, Seetha comes to know that the house she has moved into, was initially owned by Sumathi's family. She soon gets influenced by Sumathi’s modesty, kindness and good nature. Sumathi also had the habit of writing novels, one of which she shared with Seetha. Seetha imagined her son and Sumathi as the characters in the story, which gave her the opportunity to react differently. Assuming that her son and Sumathi are fictional characters in the story, she expresses her desire to make Sumathi her daughter-in-law. At first Sumathi is shocked, but later accepts her request happily. Seetha communicates this arrangement over the phone to her husband (Prakashraj and son (Prithviraj Sukumaran), that she has chosen her daughter-in-law. However, she did not reveal the name or identity of Sumathi, because she wants it to be a surprise when they meet her in person. Unfortunately, Seetha dies in an accident before the arrival of her husband and son, which leaves a suspense to who the daughter in law is. After his mother's death, Prithiviraj vows to locate and marry a girl identified by her mother. Since Sumathi is a maid in the house and is much poorer compared to Seetha's family, she does not reveal that she's the one. Bhagyaraj, Prithiviraj's close friend moves into their house to snoop around and find out the girl identified by Seetha. As a father, Prakashraj didn't have the patience and wanted his son to have a good life. This led him to choose a rich girl, completely opposite of what Seetha would have chosen. Passed many twists and turns, Bhagyaraj finally succeeds in identifying that Sumathi was the girl Seetha chose. His main evidence was Sumathi's published novel, the one she shared to Seetha. Prithiviraj happily marries Sumathi, with the blessings of Prakashraj and Bhagyaraj. The story ends with Sumathi remembering the words of Seetha, that she has always imagined Sumathi to be the wife of her son.
A Summer Story	British	romance	Piers Haggard	In the summer of 1904 Frank Ashton, an educated young man from London, is on a walking holiday in Devon with a friend. When he falls and twists his ankle, Ashton is helped at a nearby farmhouse and stays there for a few days to recover, while his friend goes on. Ashton quickly falls for the village girl who looks after him, Megan David, and she falls in love with him, to the great distress of her cousin Joe Narracombe, who wants her for himself. Ashton and Megan spend several nights together, and after that he takes the train to a seaside town to cash a cheque at a bank, promising to return the next morning and take Megan away with him and marry her. On arrival in the town, Ashton finds a branch of his bank, but it will not cash his cheque, insisting on first contacting his branch in London. While he is delayed, Ashton meets an old school friend, staying at a local hotel with his three sisters, of whom the oldest is Stella Halliday. Thanks to the bank's delays, he misses the train he needed to catch to make his rendezvous with Megan. During the day that follows, he spends more time with his friend and his sisters, and while Stella flirts with him he begins to have second thoughts about marrying Megan. Megan then travels to the seaside town looking for Ashton, carrying her luggage for running away. He sees her on the beach and follows her into the town, but when she turns and catches a glimpse of him, he hides. Eighteen years later, Ashton is married to Stella and they are motoring through Devon. They have no children. Ashton visits the farm where he seduced Megan and is recognized. He learns that Megan was heart-broken about losing him and also that she died soon after giving birth to a son, who she named Francis, or Frank. He is taken to see Megan's grave, which is at the spot where they had first met. She had asked to be buried there, to wait for his return. In motoring away with Stella, Ashton passes his son, young Frank, who gives him a friendly wave.
A Aa	Telugu	romance	Trivikram Srinivas	A Aa revolves around the lives of 23-year old Anasuya Ramalingam (Samantha Ruth Prabhu) and Aanand Vihari (Nithiin) and their families. Aanand, a former caterer, becomes a chef in Hyderabad. He belongs to a middle-class family and has many responsibilities to fulfill, like marrying off his sister Bhanumathi (Ananya) and paying off debts. Anasuya is daughter of rich and strict mother Mahalakshmi (Nadhiya). When her mother goes on a business trip, her father sends her along with Mangamma (HariTeja) to Kalavapudi village near Vijayawada to spend some time at Aanand's home. Aanand happens to be her cousin but she doesn’t know about his family till she is sent there. While she happily discovers the joy of being at her aunt’s house, she also comes to know why her aunt’s family and her mother are not on talking terms. Rest of the movie drama is all about how Aanand Vihari achieves all the hurdles to get married to Anasuya.
Manoranjan	Bollywood	romance	Shammi Kapoor	Havaldar Ratan is a rookie at the local police station, and is assigned duty on foot patrol on Manoranjan Street, a notorious red-light area, on the very first day of his job. He strikes up a conversation with a good-looking young woman named Nisha, and tells her that there is a possible violation of Suppression of Immoral Trafficking Act taking place on this street. He witnesses several women soliciting men, and decides to call in the paddy wagon, and get them arrested. Alas, one of the men frequenting the prostitutes is none other than Ratan's superior officer, who immediately summons Ratan, and has him removed from service on corruption charges. Nisha takes pity on a homeless and unemployed Ratan, and asks him to live with her. He does not want her to sell her body, and so he decides to work at night, and during the day he takes on the guise of a rich Nawab and spends time with her. Things go along smoothly, until Ratan decides that it is now time to get rid of the Nawab, and he does so, only to find out that the police have been informed that he has killed the Nawab, and they are out to arrest him. What follows is hilarious chaos that will change Ratan and Nisha's lives forever.
Manasaare	Kannada	romance	Yogaraj Bhat	Manohara Manu (Diganth) is an orphaned, unemployed young man, who is often looked down on upon by his family. However, his uncle (Achyuth Kumar) is the only exception. His friend Satish (Satish Neenasam) is a neighbour and cable operator, whose love for one of their neighhour - Bhamini, is unrequited. Bhamini gets married to a software engineer, and at the wedding reception, tells Manu that she loves him, but couldn't live with him (given his status). She also asks him to do something with his life, and not throw it away by spending his time criticizing the people around him. Meanwhile, Satish takes note of the gulf between Bhamini's new husband and himself, and decides to prove himself that he is indeed more worthy than she thinks of him. To that end, Manohar and Satish get together and invent a electricity producing machine which harnesses its power from vehicles that drive on roads (the fact that this isn't free energy, and that it would cost motorists who drive over it some extra fuel is not mentioned in the movie). His demonstration goes off well, but a police car chasing a criminal on a motorbike suddenly drives onto the machine, which causes the car to flip over, and in fact nearly kills the constables inside. Manu and Satish are arrested and reprimanded for their foolishness, but they are soon released. Manu's aunt decides to get him married into a wealthy family, to get rid of him and an attempt to temper his behaviour. While they are visiting the intended's family, a baby next to Manu begins urinating. Manu takes a nearby tea-cup to catch the urine and prevent getting wet. Everyone sees this and his prior behavior as confirmation that he is mentally unstable. Manohar and Satish, both drunk, stop at an isolated hill top and tell one another their opinions about life; they get into a row. Satish drives off leaving behind Manohar. Manohar walks back home and sees a van coming from a distance. The van is transporting about a dozen patients bound for an asylum. The inmates cause a commotion in the van, the guards loose order of the inmates' paperwork and photographs but the inmates are subdued by the guards. The van stops so that the guards can relieve themselves, and the patient Mahendra escapes. Manu was near the van when the guards went after the escapee. The guards notice him and take him as the escapee. Manohar is forcibly taken to the Kaamanabillu asylum. At the asylum, Manohar demonstratively attempts to explain the mix-up but he is not believed. Soon, his family find out and go to remove him from the asylum. An altercation between Manohar and another inmate cause the family to rethink their decision to take him away because they believe he insane. So, they decide to leave him there. Manu's life is thrown out of gear, as he realizes that he has no choice but to live the life of a lunatic, although he is not. He settles down and starts bonding with the patients: Dollar (played by Pawan Kumar (of Lucia (2013 film) fame), who is a brilliant engineer, but considered a lunatic when one of his inventions, - a baby ass washing machine - injures a baby. He also bonds with Raju Thalikote, who is a self declared veteran of the asylum. Manu soon discloses his story to Shankrappa, who advises him to talk to Dollar, who in turn has always had an uncanny knack to escape from the asylum. Soon, Manu manages to slip out, but during his escape, which takes him through the female wing of the asylum, he catches a glimpse of Devika (played by Aindrita Ray) and is smitten by her. Although he escapes, he changes his mind and returns to the asylum to pursue a relationship with her. As they are not allowed to mingle by the asylum staff, the inmates (under Shankrappa's leadership) hatch and execute a plan to allow Manu to meet Devika. Shankrappa is well aware of the doctors' tendency to perform the exact opposite to what he request them to do - since they perceive him to be insane - and he uses this to get them all sent for electro-shock therapy (since the EST room is within the women's wing). Dollar has manufactured a non-conducting gel which they then switch with the EST gel, so that they're not really affected by the shock. They fake syncope, and when the staff leave for a prayer assembly, they sneak out to meet Devika. It turns out that Devika is sleeping (having been given an illegal pill, by a doctor who, unbeknownst to everyone engages in (implied) sexual abuse of female inmates, using the pill). Nonetheless, Manu - with Shankrappa's assistance, carries Devika to an ambulance, and drives it out of the asylum. Devika is a dental student who is in the asylum as she has cultivated intense misandry, after a lecturer misbehaved with her. This manifests itself as aggressive behaviour from time to time, where she stabs any man she deems dangerous. When she awakens the morning after being spirited away by Manu, she attacks him. However, Manu manages to sudbue her and professes his love to her. Devika and Manu decide to return to the asylum. On the way, at Devika's insistence, they take a temporary detour to her childhood home, where Devika has a flashback - of her uncaring father (who drove her mother to suicide). They then proceed to the asylum, but stop for the night. Manu spouts a monologue of his love for her, once she sleeps - and this is recorded by a CCTV camera that was activated accidentally by Devika, when they had hit a bump in the road earlier. The next morning, she discovers this, but while waking up Manu, unintentionally scares and nearly kills him when he falls down a railway overbridge. Manu is angry, and is about to leave her to her own devices, when she laughs at his rant, and he is smitten again. As they continue on foot (the van having run out of fuel), even as Manu pleads with her to go back (and not to the hospital). She doesn't respond right up until they go to the hospital, and convinces Manu to re-enter it. As their relationship reaches serious levels, Devika asks Manu point blank whether he is capable of cheating her, to which the latter replies in the negative. However, once the escaped inmate (Mahendra) is caught, and brought to the asylum by the police (Mahendra is a murderer), the staff realise their mix-up. However, in front of everyone, they accuse Manu of being complicit in the charade, so that he could enjoy a free ride at the hospital. Devika construes this as Manu's betrayal, and of the disingenuousness of his love, and spurns him. A shattered Manu is thrown out of the asylum, bidding a tearful farewell to his fellow inmates with whom he had developed a bond. As he leaves, he encounters Dollar (who had managed to finally escape) returning to the asylum, claiming that there was nothing in the world worth living for outside the asylum. When he arrives at his uncle's place however, he is once again exposed to the ridicule of people. The movie ends with Devika encountering him near his house. It is shown that she is cured of her dementia when she remembered Manu, who helped her to let go of her painful past, and move on; when she fought back the abusive doctor, and having watched the tape again, Devika is convinced that his love for her was real. The doctors have also concluded that Manu was responsible for curing Devika, and she says that is why she has returned to him; but Manu says that he himself is deemed to be uncured, and insane - being laughed at by society. Devika asks him, rather nonchalantly, as to how could that be his problem, and Manu comes around - with both of them pitying society, and walking away. The final scene closes with a voice-over, of a line that Shankrappa had delivered to Manu when the latter first arrived at the asylum - Those in this world that come to an asylum, are those who can be cured. The ones who cannot be cured at all, remain outside. There's a chance that you'll be cured of madness, which is something that others outside don't have. Wheover comes here is only temporarily mad, but the ones on the outside are permanently so. The movie has shades of One flew over the Cuckoo's Nest, the conundrum illustrated in Catch-22 and also shows the 'institutionalisation' depicted in The Shawshank Redemption. The main thrust of the movie is to show the hypocrisy of a society which classifies behaviours, and, by extension, people into 'normal' and 'abnormal'.
Muddula Koduku	Telugu	romance	Radha Mohan	This is the story of Venu, a middle class young man who lives in a typical middle class area. His simple life revolves around his loving mother, sister, his neighbor and his friends. He has an inferiority complex because of the scar on his face. On one fateful day, Venu decides to do a plastic surgery to remove the scar from his face. In order to raise money for his operation, he takes up various part-time jobs. He becomes harsh and cold and starts behaving strangely with his family and friends. This new Venu leaves everyone around him in a state of shock. The rest of the story is about what he realizes in the process of getting his new face job.
Kajraare	Bollywood	romance	Pooja Bhatt	Rajiv (Himesh Reshammiya) is haunted by his very own past which torments him. He moves to Jordan where he has a job as a bartender, however Avtaar Singh (Gulshan Grover) forbids him to stay and immediately wants him to return to India. Rajiv then contemplates suicide but the eyes of a ravishing beauty strikes his own eyes. A chase ensues, until another man appears and takes the beauty in his own hands. The guy tells Rajiv if he wants to see what she does, he must come to the bar to watch her dance. Rajiv visits the aquarium and he sees the lady again and develops immense love for her. The woman is Nargis (Loren) who is revealed as a prostitute. He then falls in love. One night, Rajiv visits the bar, and watches her (Nargis) dance. Embarrassed and feeling unworthy, Rajiv runs away, however, after the end of the night, its time to head home. Nargis and her colleagues get in a taxi which Rajiv follows. At the end of the trip, Rajiv gets closer to Nargis only for Rajiv to return the scarf that Nargis dropped at the bar. Mockingly, Nargis refuses it but Rajiv says if she keeps disappearing like this, he will hang himself with the scarf. Nargis offers for a longer one in a jokingly way. Regardless, Rajiv wants to marry Nargis. Rajiv wants Nargis to be free from prostitution. Rajiv must now get past Zohra Baano (Amrita Singh). She owns a prostitution business and hires other women to do their dirty work, the only source of income. Zohra Baano wants a price in exchange and Rajiv is willing to do that. Slowly, Nargis begins to develop feelings for Rajiv. One night, Nargis escapes the brothel, Rajiv finds her and takes her to a hotel. Nargis realises this was a mistake so she must return to the brothel. As soon as the couple leave the hotel, 3 drunkards approach them and one of them recognizes Rajiv as Rocky. In fact, this is his real name, although Rajiv denies it. Rajiv fights off the drunkards and realises that Nargis knows the truth. So he decides to come clean about his life story. Rocky, a singer (also Himesh Reshammiya) is on the aeroplane. An ardent boy, who's a fan of Rocky, and his granny wants an autograph so Rocky writes one for them. On the plane, an uneasy passenger heads for the restroom but he is a terrorist. He threatens the entire crew, until Rocky sees this. He gets into a fight but suddenly the gun goes off killing the terrorist. Avtaar tells Rocky, he just killed Babbar's (Adnan Shah) brother. Babbar is a most-wanted terrorist. He vows revenge on Rocky. Avtaar recommends Rocky to change his identity and start afresh. And this is how Rocky becomes Rajiv. Rajiv breaks Avtaar's oath by going back to UK. He's playing with his sister in the park until he receives a call. It is Avtaar who wants him to return to London (as a cover up) Babbar is targeting his sister. After the call, his sister is gone. The white woman who witnessed the event says a man just took her. Babbar then tells Rocky he's sister is dead. This shatters him completely. What follows is the underlying quest for true love. At the climax, Babbar captures Zohra Baano and Nargis. Rajiv/Rocky rescues them and kills Babbar. At the end, they are married.
Mazhai	Tamil	romance	S. Rajkumar	Arjun (Jayam Ravi), an unemployed youngster and Deva (Rahul Dev) a powerful don both fall in love with Sailaja (Shriya), a middle-class beauty, at the same time on a rainy day at a railway station. Arjun keeps bumping into Sailaja coincidentally every time it rains. This makes them both feel that it is perhaps the rain that keeps bringing them together, and they start to fall in love. Deva, on the other hand, takes the back-door route to get the girl, with the help of her good-for-nothing father (Kalabhavan Mani). After learning of the Arjun and Sailaja's love, Deva and Sailaja's father work up devious plans to break them up. And finally they succeed in creating a rift between the two lovers. Though Arjun realizes what is really happening, Sailaja falls prey to the foils of the Deva and her father. The young lovers part ways; Sailaja becomes a leading lady in the movies and Arjun works with his uncle in a quarry as a demolition expert. Deva is cheated out of some money by Sailaja's father, and as revenge, he finds out where Sailaja now lives and kidnaps her from right under her parents' noses. Sailaja's father realizes that the only person who is daring enough and cares enough to get his daughter back is Arjun and goes to him with his pleas. It takes much convincing, but Arjun finally decides to rescue Sailaja but for reasons other than love.At this point Sailaja begins to realise that her father lied to her and tries to get back with Arjun but he refuses because she did not trust him. Soon somehow Sailaja convinces Arjun that it wasn't her fault and they both start loving again. The climax is a heroic fight between Arjun and Deva.
Kurradu	Telugu	romance	Sandeep Gunnam	This movie is a remake of Tamil movie Polladavan. Varun (Varun Sandesh), the son of a middle-class man (Tanikella Bharani), is fit for nothing in the beginning. Though he wants to do something with his life, he knows he cannot get a job, just as he could not get a costly education, as his father is not someone who can bribe Rich men for a job to his son. On the night of his birthday, he spills out his frustration to his father who beats him for consuming liquor. Life changes for the good the next morning, when Varun's father gives away the sum he has saved for the daughter's wedding to Varun. The lad, who has been dreaming of owning a bike, gets one and whizzes off in life. A lucky talisman for him, he develops an emotional attachment to it as he sees it as the reason for his upward mobility. After it entered his life, he has got everything he had desired - father's affection, a job and Hema's (Neha Sharma) love for which he has been thirsting for two years now. But there is more to what meets the eye. In an ironic twist, the same 'charm' turns out to be his nightmare. The society where Varun is fulfilling his ordinary dreams, is also the play field for drug-peddlers and ganja mafia, headed by Satya (Ravi Shankar P) and Bullet. The leitmotif is, of course, the bike. The innocent job-holder at a private bank is dragged into a bestial world. So long effeminate, he now turns gutsy and grudges Satya's disaffected brother Ravi. Unlike his nemesis, all Varun wants is his bike back. In no time, events spiral in such a way that he has to put up a fight for his life and save his family.It is based on the real life incidents of Arunraj Shanmugam, the villan’s script is based on members of Rowdy Gang Chinraj, GD and AD.
Nuvvekaddunte Nenakkadunta	Telugu	romance	Subha Selvam	Hari (Uday Kiran) is all set to get engaged to his uncle’s daughter Nilambari (Aarthi Agarwal). Nilambari doesn’t want to marry Hari as he is jobless. In order to help his future son-in law, Nilambari’s father brings Hari to the city and gets him a job in a finance company. Its love at first sight for Hari after he sees Harita(Shweta basu), who is an orphan and lives in the same neighborhood. Bhadra(Ajith Kumar) who is the dreaded bad guy of the area also loves Harita. In order to avoid Bhadra, Harita gets closer to Hari. On the other hand, Hari has a unique habit of getting weird dreams, and whatever he sees in his dreams keeps happening in the future. In one particular dream, Hari sees Harita facing huge trouble with Bhadra. In order to save her life he brings her to his village. Does his family accept Harita? Whether his dreams come true? Whether Bhadra finds Harita? forms the rest of the story.
Sakkarakatti	Tamil	romance	Kala Prabhu	Chennai-bred Yuvraj (Shanthnoo Bhagyaraj) has had four close friends from childhood. He meets and falls in love with Deepali (Ishita Sharma). However, his cousin, Reema (Vedhika), is in love with him. After Deepali sees Yuvraj with Reema, she becomes jealous and ignores Yuvraj when he follows her. Then Yuvraj and Deepali get back together. Later she sees Yuvraj and Reema together, but it was an accident. Deepali starts ignoring him again. Yuvraj wants to prove that he was not with Reema so his friends decide to throw a birthday party to mend the trio's fractured relationship. Deepali and Yuvraj finally unite.
Chammak Challo	Telugu	romance	G. Neelakanta Reddy	Kishore (Srinivas Avasarala) is a Telugu non-resident Indian who lives in California, United States. He has resigned from his job and has come to India because he wants to become a movie director. He wants to make a different story but someone tells him that he should instead tell a love story in a different way as love stories are so popular. Kishore watches Telugu romance movies from the last 70 years but is unable to gain true inspiration from these. One day he goes to a park and talks to a college professor named Apparao Aggarwal (Sayaji Shinde) who tells him a love story that he witnessed between a boy and a girl in his communications class. Shyam (Varun Sandesh) and Anshu (Sanchita Padukone) have a group of common friends. One day Apparao sees Anshu get off Shyam's motorcycle and asks Shyam if there is something between them. They say no, and soon all the students and professors in the college know what Apparao said. Everyone humiliates Apparao and he vows to make Anshu and Shyam actually fall in love with each other and get his prestige back. Apparao's many attempts to make them love each other (including sending a love letter to Anshu as Shyam) end up failing and he is humiliated over and over again until he finally gives up. One day when Anshu, Shyam and their friends go to Cudappah the boys meet a bird photographer who says that beauty is in the heart and not in the body. Shyam then realizes that although he wants to get married to someone who looks like Katrina Kaif, he should love not the body but the heart. He then sees Anshu and realizes that he is in love with her. After returning from Cudappah, Shyam tries to convince Anshu to love him and finally succeeds. They both get engaged but for a reason that Apparao doesn't know they break up before marriage. Kishore tracks down Shyam and asks him why he broke up with Anshu. Shyam explains that after the engagement, he had to go to Bangalore for 6 months for job related reasons. There he met his boss, Sunaina (Catherine Tresa) who he got attracted to since she looks like Katrina Kaif. After 3 months, Anshu came for a surprise visit and found out about Shyam's relationship with Sunaina and, thinking that he is having an affair with her. She reveals that the actual reason she came to Bangalore was that Shyam forgot her birthday. Afterwards Shyam went to Anshu's house many times and begged her for mercy. Kishore now sends Shyam to Bangalore to meet Sunaina. Shyam, Sunaina, and Shyam's parents come to Anshu's house to call off the engagement and announce that Sunaina and Shyam are getting married. Anshu then gets angry at Shyam and asks Sunaina what guarantee she has that Shyam won't cheat on her. Sunaina responds by saying that Shyam and Sunaina were merely friends and it was Anshu who had left Shyam, and not the other way. Shyam then takes out Anshu's wedding ring, which she had thrown at Shyam when she came to Bangalore. He asks Anshu if she will marry him. Anshu now realizes that this was all a scheme to get Anshu to marry Shyam. She accepts. Apparao and Kishore come in from their hiding spot. Sunaina congratulates Kishore for his brilliant idea. Kishore is happy that his movie has been completed. Apparao suggests that he name his movie Chammak Challo, which means beautiful girl.
Himmat	Bollywood	romance	Ravikant Nagaich	After the death of his father, Raghu and his mother are left in a destitute way of living, which prompts him to steal food for the survival of his mother. The police then arrest him, while his mother dies in the process; before he could reach the police station he escapes and is taken in by a criminal don only to become an outlaw. When he is asked to abduct a child which results in the death of the mother, his heart changes and he decides to surrender to the law. Years later after his release from jail, Raghu (Jeetendra) challenges the Inspector Mathur (K.N. Singh) that he will go straight and he becomes a truck driver for survival with the help of his friend Tiger (Jagdeep). While delivering goods via his truck, Raghu, the truck driver and his sidekick, Tiger, help out a young man, who turns out to be a woman in disguise named Malti (Mumtaz). Malti falls in love with Raghu and gets married. Malti soon gives birth to a baby girl, Banthu (Baby Naaz). Things are going well for this family when a visit from Police Inspector Mathur turns their lives upside down. For Mathur knows Raghu's criminal background and underground links, and refuses to believe that Raghu has now given up his old ways. Because of the interference of Raghu's criminal boss (Prem Chopra) and Inspector Mathur, Raghu not only loses his job but is unable to find any work, disaster strikes, contrived by the gangster who wants Raghu to reunite with the gang. Can Raghu prove to society, the law and to Malti that he has indeed reformed?
Pyar Hi Pyar	Bollywood	romance	Bhappi Sonie	Young Vijay lives in an orphanage after being separated from his widowed mother, Laxmi. Years later, Vijay has grown up and a wealthy man, Kailashnath Gupta, identifies him as his long-lost son and takes him home. Once there, Vijay decides to find employment as a police constable, much to Kailashnath's displeasure. Vijay's first assignment is to locate a beautiful young woman's missing father. The young woman is Kavita and Vijay falls head-over-heels in love with her. Vijay sets about to accomplish this task, little knowing that a man named Satish has convinced Kailashnath that Vijay is not who he claims to be, and that Satish is Kailashnath's biological son. The movie's songs were popular and were hits at that time. Mohammed Rafi sang for Dharmendra and Mehmood in the same film. Agogo Ageya was for Mehmood and the rest of the songs were for Dharmendra. Mein Kahin Kavi and Dekha Hai Teri Surat of Mohd. Rafi were huge hits. Salim Khan, father of Salman was the drummer in the song Tu Mera Mein Teri of Mohd. Rafi & Asha Bhosle, picturised on Dharmendra and Helen.
Cairo Time	Canadian	romance	Ruba Nadda	Juliette is a Canadian magazine editor who arrives in Cairo for a vacation with husband Mark, a UN official working at refugee camps in the Gaza Strip. Their children have grown and Juliette is looking forward to spending more time with Mark. Delayed, Mark asks his friend—a handsome Egyptian named Tareq—to watch over Juliette. Mark is continually delayed in Gaza, during which time Juliette makes friends with Cairo locals, North American and European ex-pats like Kathryn, explores the city and the surrounding area, and finds herself falling in love with the city during her Cairo Time. Tareq is a regular (but not constant) companion during Juliette's extended time waiting for Mark, leading to a very close relationship between the two. While their relationship remains platonic, it is steadily headed to a stronger connection. After travelling to Alexandria with him to attend the wedding of the daughter (Hanan) of a girlfriend from his university days (Yasmeen), she admits that she will miss him when she returns to Canada. The two visit the Great Pyramids—something Mark had inisisted should be just for us on his sporadic calls to Juliette at her hotel room. Whatever change this may signify in Tareq and Juliette's growing relationship, they return to the hotel to find that Mark has finally arrived. Mark is happy to see Juliette, while she and Tareq adequately hide their sorrow over the end of their Cairo Time.
Miracle in Soho	British	romance	Julian Amyes	Michael Morgan (John Gregson) is a labourer working with a gang, mending a road in Soho, when he meets Julia Gozzi (Belinda Lee), an Italian barmaid, and they begin an affair. But When Michael's job in Soho is finished, the affair is over, so Julia visits a local church and prays for him to come back. A miracle occurs when a burst water main brings the return of the road gang.
In Our Time	American	romance	Vincent Sherman	In March 1939, English antiques dealer Mrs. Bromley (Mary Boland) and her assistant Jennifer Jenny Whittredge (Ida Lupino) travel through Poland making purchases. In Warsaw, Jenny meets Count Stefan Orwid (Paul Henreid) and, after a whirlwind courtship, he asks her to marry him. However, Stefan's aristocratic family is less than welcoming to the English commoner, particularly his sister Janina (Nancy Coleman) and his wealthy, diplomat uncle Count Pawel Orwid (Victor Francen). His mother Zofyia (Alla Nazimova) merely wants to keep peace in the family. Only his other uncle, ineffectual Leopold Baruta (Michael Chekhov), welcomes her. Nonetheless, the wedding takes place. Afterwards, Jenny encourages Stefan to break his family's dependence on Count Pawel's financial aid by persuading his peasant tenants to adopt more modern and efficient farming methods. It works; the harvest is bountiful, and Stefan accepts Jenny's suggestion that they invite the workers to a celebration party in his mansion. Count Pawel makes a surprise visit to express his strong disapproval of Jenny's democratic ideas. However, they are interrupted by the bombing of nearby Warsaw. War has broken out, despite Count Pawel's desperate attempts to placate Nazi Germany. Stefan joins his cavalry regiment, leaving Jenny to supervise the rest of the harvest. Days go by with conflicting radio reports. Finally, a dazed, wounded Stefan returns to the estate. His regiment was wiped out after charging German tanks. He gathers the peasants and asks them to burn the crop and anything else that could be of use to the invaders. They patriotically agree. Count Pawel shows up to take the family out of the country to Romania. Stefan, Jenny, and Leopold remain behind to fight.
Krantikaal	Bengali	romance	Sekhar Das	The story is of terrorism that’s plaguing different parts of the Northeast as the backdrop. Silajit Majumder, a militant on the run, takes refuge in a dilapidated mansion. Roopa Ganguly stays there with her father-in-law Soumitra Chatterjee and his father Haradhan Bandopadhyay who’s confined to bed and is unable to speak. This film focuses on the friction and undercurrent of tension between the lady of the house and the terrorist. It leads to a brief mutual self-discovery that gives rise to compassion.
Ami, Yasin Ar Amar Madhubala	Bengali	romance	Buddhadeb Dasgupta	When a Kolkata surveillance specialist and his roommate install a small camera in the home of their beautiful neighbor, they somehow become terror suspects in director Buddhadeb Dasgupta's cutting commentary on CCTV society. Yasin (Amitav Bhattacharya) and his roommate Dilip (Prosenjit Chatterjee) are smitten with their beautiful new neighbor Rekha (Sameera Reddy). Innocent pining becomes silent obsession, however, when Dilip decides to install a surveillance camera directly over Rekha's bed. At first Rekha remains blissfully unaware that her privacy has been invaded, but when she finally realizes she's being spied on, her nosy neighbors are forced to go on the run. Little do Yasin and Dilip realize that across town a terrorist cell is plotting their latest attack, and now the local authorities believe that Yasin may be a key part of their diabolical plans.
But Always	Hong Kong	romance	Zou Xian	While most of “But Always” takes place in New York City, the Chinese drama’s blend of sentimentality and romantic fatalism is very Asian. American viewers who aren’t Sino-cinema buffs might balk, but Snow Zou’s directorial debut does have a few noteworthy attributes: attractive stars, sun-dappled cinematography and an audacious payoff. Beijing tykes Anran and Yongyuan meet in 1982, when she transfers to his school. She’s wealthier than her ragged classmates, who regard her with suspicion. The school bully assigns Yongyuan to follow Anran, a role he happily accepts for the next 20 years. One sign of his devotion is that he can always recognize her footsteps. The kids bond, in part because both lost their mothers in the same earthquake. (His was a peasant; hers was a doctor.) But then Yongyuan’s guardian dies and his uncle takes him away. He’s not allowed to say goodbye to Anran, a pattern that recurs as one or the other repeatedly vanishes. A decade later, Yongyuan returns to Beijing and encounters Anran, now a teenage pre-med student. She’s grown up to be played by Chinese beauty Gao Yuanyuan (“Caught in the Web”), who in this movie always looks as if she’s just strolled out of a fashion spread. He’s now portrayed by Hong Kong action star Nicholas Tse (“The Bullet Vanishes”), who’s just as pretty as she is. The couple’s reunion is idyllic, then awkward, then idyllic again. But Yongyuan gets involved in some shady business to raise money for Anran’s post-graduate education. So when she’s ready to leave for Columbia University, he’s disappeared again. In Manhattan, Anran acquires a new boyfriend, a petulant painter called Michael (Qin Hao). She also works two part-time jobs in addition to her studies. (The movie is not subtle in suggesting that Beijing is now a better place to dwell than New York.) Yongyuan, who has gotten rich just so he can search for Anran, finds her through Michael’s paintings of her. This leads to another sweet, luminously photographed reunion. But the couple will be torn apart twice more, and the final rupture will make or break the movie for many viewers. It’s shamelessly contrived, but refreshingly outrageous. “But Always” seems modeled on Peter Chan’s more complex 1996 “Comrades, Almost a Love Story,” in which two mainland Chinese expats attract and repulse each other on journeys through Hong Kong and New York. Anyone who’s seen that movie will anticipate the final flashback in “But Always,” which makes the story’s melodramatic point one more time: Anran and Yongyuan are fated to be together as much as they are doomed to be apart.
Doctor Bari	Bangladeshi	romance	M Azijur Rahman	The film is about three doctors.
Duyung	Malaysian	romance	Unknown	The story is set on the east coast of Sabah. Jimmy (Saiful Apek) is a young man who spends his days cleaning the rubbish in the sea village that he lives. He refuses to do any work other than caring for the environment, which makes him an outcast and laughing stock among the villagers. His only friend is Orix (Yassin Yahya). Jimmy wants to marry his childhood sweetheart, Aspalela (Yasmin Hani), who returns his feelings. He asks Aspalela's father, Wan Pagek, for Aspalela's hand in marriage, but Wan Pagek declares that he has to have land of his own before he can marry her. Jimmy builds a floating island out of discarded rubbish, on which he builds a small hut. This amuses Wan Pagek and displeases Kordi (Awie), another man who wants to marry Aspalela. One night, Jimmy is woken up by a mermaid named Puteri (Maya Karin). She explains that she has been watching Jimmy for some time, and to show her appreciation for Jimmy's efforts in cleaning the village, she has been helping fortify his floating island. Jimmy boasts to the entire village that he has met a mermaid, but when Puteri refuses to surface when called, Jimmy is declared a crazy liar and disowned by his father. When Puteri returns to visit Jimmy, she reminds him that their friendship is supposed to be a secret. She takes him to her home in an underwater cave, which is filled with pirate's treasure. Puteri explains that she is lonely, and has developed feelings for Jimmy. However, Jimmy explains that he is in love with Aspalela, but he cannot marry her because he has no money. Puteri offers to give her treasure to him, but he turns it down. After Jimmy returns to his floating island, he wakes up the next morning and finds that Puteri has left two boxes of treasure for him. Jimmy flaunts his newfound wealth and gains the favour of all the villagers and Aspalela's father. Kordi is suspicious of Jimmy's good fortune and goes to his island, where he captures Puteri. He places her in a cage and charges the villagers money to see her. Jimmy's father sees the mermaid and realises that his son isn't crazy. Jimmy, Orix, Aspalela, Jimmy's parents and Aspalela's parents work together to free Puteri. After getting away from Kordi, Puteri wishes Jimmy happiness with Aspalela, and swims off into the ocean. In an epilogue set three years later, Jimmy and Aspalela are married, Kordi is working for them, the village is prosperous, and the villagers work for Jimmy in monitoring the environment. Jimmy explains in voice-over that he has not seen Puteri since their goodbye and doesn't expect to see her ever again. Puteri is briefly shown secretly visiting the village with a merman by her side.
Parugu	Telugu	romance	Bhaskar	Neelakanta (Prakash Raj) is a revered person in the village he resides whose daughters Subbalakshmi (Poonam Bajwa) and Meenakshi (Sheela Kaur) are more than anything for him in the world. Subbalakshmi loves a native called Errababu with whom she elopes on the night of her arranged marriage ceremony. Neelakanta's relative Chinnabbai (Subbaraju) suspects that Errababu's friends are involved in this and when interrogated brutally, they reveal that two more people, Sarma from Ongole, and Krishna (Allu Arjun) from Hyderabad also helped the couple to elope. By mistaken reference of initials in the names, P. Yagnanarayana Sarma (Saptagiri) was kidnapped at Ongole while the original man was left unevoked. At Hyderabad, a drunk Krishna is kidnapped at night near his house who is notoriously known for being a nomad and an expert in escaping. They are literally imprisoned at the village's temple, and all of them plan to escape the next early morning by catching a train. While all others almost approach the train next morning, Krishna stops when he sees Meenakshi at an Anjaneya statue and falls in love with her, though Meenakshi is unaware of his presence. They all are kidnapped yet again by Neelakanta's men there and are imprisoned in a small pent house near the main house of Neelakanta. Its doors remain closed an locked and only 3 windows are there where a man can see the entrance door of main house and the nearby flooring and parking area. While his friends are horrified, Krishna is not influenced by the fact that he is in love with a native of the village and on eloping with her, all of them have to face big trouble from the villagers. Meanwhile, Meenakshi tries to speak with them with an intention to find out details about Subbalakshmi and neither Krishna nor his friends can see her face because of the pent house's style of construction. He asks her to help him find his love and in return promises her to tell details about Subbalakshmi's whereabouts. Added advantage to Krishna is a set of love letters received by Subbalakshmi from Errababu which are presently in his custody and Meenakshi is hell bent to recover them back. Meanwhile, Krishna's friend Srinu (Chitram Srinu) is caught red handed who, after execution of brutal force by Neelakanta's men, reveals that the couple is in Vishakhapatnam. At Vishakhapatnam, Krishna manages to send the couple Guntur without the knowledge of Neelakanta's henchmen and later at the pent house, he reveals that he is the mastermind behind the act of Subbalakshmi eloping with Errababu which is heard by Meenakshi who hid there and escapes through the back door. Because of her, the truth is revealed and Krishna too finds out that his love is none other than Meenakshi. When Krishna and his friends are brutally tortured, he lies that the couple are in Hyderabad to save his friends. Neelakanta, Bullabbai, Chinnabbai and others along with Meenakshi go to Hyderabad along with Krishna and his friends, but Krishna is unaware of the fact that Errababu and Subbalakshmi are actually in Hyderabad. All of them start searching for the couple and meanwhile Krishna earns the trust of Neelakanta, his henchmen, and Meenakshi by saving her from a bunch of goons who try to molest her, and she slowly starts reciprocating his love, though never confesses it. Krishna too realizes the pain faced by Neelakanta because of Subbalakshmi's wrongdoings. The next day, Neelakanta and Krishna manage to catch Subbalakshmi and Errababu red handed, and there, Subbalakshmi revolts against her doting father and threatens to file a police case on him. He leaves in dejection and Krishna watches on. At the railway station, everyone parts ways with Neelakanta apologizing to Krishna and his friends, and invites them to Meenakshi's marriage. Meenakshi stares at Krishna waiting to confess her love though Krishna stands like a statue there till the train leaves. Seeing his son leading a lazy, dull and unexcited life against the way he lived makes Krishna's mother Yashoda (Jayasudha) send him away to bring Meenakshi as his wife. With Srinu and Sarma pressurizing him, Krishna goes along with his friends to attend the marriage. While Neelakanta is afraid that Meenakshi would elope with Krishna this night, Krishna confronts Neelakanta and confesses his love for Meenakshi and assures that he would not elope with her. Realizing that Meenakshi's happiness lies in the company of Krishna, he lets the lovers unite that night after halting the ongoing ceremony and also plans to bring Subbalakshmi and Errababu back to the village, thus accepting them too.
Machakaaran	Tamil	romance	Tamilvanan	Vicky (Jeevan) is the eldest son of a Railway officer, is a perpetual loser in whatever he does, and is looked down by other family members. One day he meets Shivani (Kamna Jethmalani), daughter of a rich textile tycoon, who has brought all the luck to her father, with her Midas touch! Soon the ‘unlucky’ Vicky is drawn towards the ‘lucky’ Shivani and they fall madly in love! Due to circumstances, they are forced to elope, with Shivani’s cop brother in hot pursuit. The lovers decide to go to Shivani’s father’s village in Theni, where he is considered and treated as Mr Nice Guy, a philanthropist and savior of the locals, and is given the honour of conducting the temple Thiruvizha, every year. How the runaway couple against all odds rips his good guy image and exposes him in front of the entire village, forms the rest of this predictable yarn.
The Matinee Idol	American	romance	Frank Capra	Don Wilson, a famous blackface comedian, is preparing to headline a new show. Arnold Wingate, his manager, persuades him to take a weekend off in the country. When their car breaks down, they go off in search of a mechanic. Don happens upon a ramshackle traveling theatrical stock company run by Jasper Bolivar and his daughter Ginger. One of the actors has quit, so Ginger is holding an audition. When Don asks the hopefuls in line about a garage, Ginger mistakes him for one of the applicants and chooses him as the best of a bad lot. Amused (and attracted to Ginger), he accepts the job, giving his name as Harry Mann. Playing a dying Union soldier, Don has one line (I love you.) and gets kissed by Ginger's character. The show, an American Civil War melodrama, is terribly amateurish, but the audience does not know any better and applauds appreciatively. Don's friends attend the show and laugh, particularly at his hijinks. (Don repeats his line several times, forcing Ginger to kiss him over and over again.) Afterward, Ginger fires him for his bad acting. Wingate has an idea; he signs the company for his Broadway show as a comedy act, though the Bolivars and the rest of the actors are deceived into believing their play has been appreciated. Don has Wingate stipulate that the entire cast be included, so Ginger reluctantly rehires him. He insists on a raise. During rehearsals, Don maintains his disguise by wearing blackface. Even so, he is nearly caught out by Ginger; hurriedly putting on a costume to hide his face, Don has to invent a masquerade party as a reason, and invites her and her troupe to attend. During the party, he tries to seduce her. When she rejects him, he is pleased, certain that she has feelings for his alter-ego. On opening night, Don has second thoughts about the humiliation the Bolivar troupe is about to face, but it is too late to do anything about it. When Harry Mann cannot be found, Don offers to take his place. All goes as Wingate had anticipated; the audience laughs wildly, as the confused actors continue performing. At the end, Ginger finally realizes what is going on and berates the audience, then walks out into the rain. When Don follows to console her, the rain washes away his makeup and reveals his true identity. She and her father return to their old work. A contrite Don shows up at the audition for a replacement actor. Though Ginger turns away from him, he follows her into the tent and takes her in his arms.
Yaaruku Yaaro	Tamil	romance	Joe Stanley	The story opens as Deepa (Varnika), a medical college student, sings a song during the cultural festival. She is being surrounded by lush green fields and mountains but the college, or even the stage for that matter, is nowhere in sight. The next scene shifts to three robbers, ogling at Deepa. She is on her way to sit for her college examinations. But while wheeling her punctured scooter (Scooty), the robbers snatch her chain and escape on a bike. In comes hero David (Sam Anderson) on a scooter (Kinetic Honda) who does a chase after them. He returns empty-handed and recognizes Deepa from the college function earlier. He praises her amazing vocal skills and gives his gold crucifix chain as a gift. Deepa refuses, but David then gives a sermon about Hindu-Christian difference. Yet, she still does not accept it. David also gives his 'stepnee' (spare) tyre to Deepa (God knows how a Kinetic Honda spare wheel could fit into a Scooty Pep's wheel drum). This incident is one of the most important scenes in the movie. The next day, David goes to Deepa's house. He overhears Deepa singing a devotional song and stands mesmerized by her voice. He asks Deepa to return his tyre. Deepa informs him that her scooter has been sent for service. David also impresses her mother with his gentlemanly manners which clearly failed to impress the audiences. The scene then shifts to David's confrontation with the robbers who also happen to be the accomplices of his father's best friend (Venniradai Moorthy). David starts a sermon about the greatness of the crucifix and gives it to the robbers for cleansing their sins. The robbers have a dramatic change of heart and praise David as their savior. They also give back the chain they stole from Deepa during the beginning of the film.[1] Deepa learns that David is an automobile engineer and visits his workshop, and sees high-end models specifically designed by David. David then returns Deepa's chain that he had got from the robbers. He also presents the crucifix along with her chain. David and Deepa then fall in love. Deepa's mother is concerned that her daughter might be tricked into love by David. Deepa consoles her and praises David's manners. Meanwhile, the robbers turn over a new leaf and begin to work in David's workshop. The mechanics then prod David to tell them about his affair with Deepa. David blushes. As luck would have it, Deepa's father is a car showroom owner. Deepa takes David to her father the next day. David then proposes his idea, but Deepa's father scoffs at it, leaving David heart-broken. David then requests for a car poster (which is of a Ferrari F50) that is posted on the office wall. Deepa's father tells him it is the new customer car that is to be sold in the (Hyundai?)showroom and refuses. David then leaves the office, dejected. Deepa gets at angry at her father for his treatment of David and rushes out to console him. The next scene shows David back in his workshop with his mechanics. They console him and make a plan to ask for loan from the moneylender (Venniradai Moorthy). Meanwhile, Deepa's father expresses his fear to his wife about Deepa falling in love with David. The next day, David goes to the moneylender's house along with his faithful mechanics to ask for loan. Moorthy also promises to help him out by agreeing to fund for two of his model cars. David and Deepa then meet at a beach and break into a song (Raasathi)where David's luscious shoulder movements really captivated the audience. Deepa's looks were equally as good as David's dancing. The next day, Moorthy visits David's workshop but upon seeing the reality, changes his mind and refuses to lend money to David. David is heart-broken but Deepa visits him and consoles him. She presents the Ferrari poster to him and asks him to marry her. She also plans to use her 500,000 rupees (that happens to be her inheritance) to help David out. Soon, David's birthday comes up and Deepa plans a big surprise for him. But everyone is in for a huge surprise as Manju (Jothi), comes from Canada to visit David. She sees David cutting the cake alone and joins him. David is happy to see her and says, My God, how beautiful you are!. We learn that Manju was David's sweetheart during their college days but had a fall-out because Manju went to Canada to pursue her career. She also says that she came back to India to take David with her to Canada. David then has a duet sequence with Manju for some unexplained reasons. Deepa suddenly enters the room and gets angry at David for flirting with another woman. She leaves the room fuming. David tries to stop her but she doesn't listen. At this point of the movie, most of the audience would've concluded that both girls would've been wooed by David's talent in dancing. Manju takes David out for lunch and learns about his life after college and his new love Deepa. She gets angry at him for not treating Deepa properly. But she also feels sorry for him and soon falls prey to his (charms?). The Raasathi song is shown again but this time with Manju instead of Deepa. Manju asks David to marry her and plans their migration to Canada. She then asks David to forget Deepa and give back her 500,000 rupees. David then asks for advice from his faithful sidekicks. He then visits Deepa surrounded by a stunning landscape and asks for her forgiveness. Deepa gets angry with his behavior and scorns at him. Wounded, David comes back to his sidekicks who advise him to jump for Manju instead. David then goes to Manju seeking refuge. Manju initially gets angry that David had not returned the check but then suddenly declares her love for him and starts yet another duet sequence. David and Manju stop their car in No-Man's Land and plan to go to the airport from there. Out of nowhere, Deepa suddenly appears there on her Scooty. This is the film's climax. Deepa accuses David that he used her just like the stepnee tyre that was shown in the beginning. David then explains that he never used her but always thought of her as his stepping stone to success (Vazhkaiyil Ovvoru Steppum Nee, Steppu Nee, Steppu Nee, Steppu Nee). Deepa refuses to be consoled and gives back the gold crucifix chain to David. She then leaves the place with sorrow. Manju gets angry with David again. She asks David to give the chain to whomever he likes. David then puts the chain around Manju's neck. Manju takes it as the holy 'mangalsutra', and says that she is now all his. David and Manju circle the car by which they came, three times. This scene symbolically indicates that the marriage of David and Manju has been made in heaven, marked by the circling of the holy fire thrice in actual marriages. The next scene shows a (Cargo) airplane taking off, presumably with David and Manju inside it, for Canada.
Chinnadana Nee Kosam	Telugu	romance	A. Karunakaran	Nithin (Nithiin) is a happy go boy with a happy family. He saves a girl from goons in a train and happens to befriend Reddy garu (Nassar) who happens to travel in the same train. Afterwards, Nithin sees Nandini (Mishti) in a chance encounter and falls in love with her. He tries to woo her with various ways but in vain. Meanwhile, Nandini wants to rent the penthouse of Reddy garu and takes help from Nithin to secure the place. As friendship grows between Nithin and Nandini, one day suddenly Nandini takes Reddy garu to Barcelona on a pretext of Europe trip, without informing Nithin. It is later revealed that Reddy garu is the grandfather of Nandini and wants to unite him with her mother who have been separated for past several years due to a strained relationship. In search of Nandini, Nithin arrives in Barcelona and starts irritating her as he feels that Nandini has cheated him. How Nithin helps Nandini unite Reddy garu with his daughter? How he wins back the heart of Nandini? forms the rest of the story
Beyond the Lights	American	romance	Gina Prince-Bythewood	Noni Jean is a hot new artist who has just won a Billboard Music Award without releasing an album and is primed for super-stardom, but the pressures of success compel her to nearly end her life. She is saved by a young police officer, Kaz Nicol, who has political ambitions. Drawn to each other, Noni and Kaz fall fast and hard, despite the protests of those around them who urge them to put their career ambitions ahead of their romance. But it is ultimately Kaz's love that gives Noni the courage to find her own voice and break free to become the artist she was meant to be.
Andala Rakshasi	Telugu	romance	Hanu Raghavapudi	In 1991, Gautham (Rahul Ravindran) a rich guy sees Mithuna (Lavanya Tripathi) for the first time and falls in love with her. However she meets with an accident and is on her death bed. Gautham arranges for all surgeries and she recovers but after she gains consciousness, Mithuna asks about Surya (Naveen Chandra). Apparently, both are in love with each other but Mithuna is told Surya is dead. Meanwhile, Gautham expresses his feelings and he manages to take her to Ooty. He does everything to show his love to Mithuna who is unable to forget Surya. The two often fight and argue and one fine day Mithuna goes missing. Gautham thinks that Mithuna has left the house and gone to commit suicide. He slaps her and but he realizes that she has accepted his love and decides to marry him. As he goes to Hyderabad to make the arrangements for the wedding, he suddenly sees a painting of Mithuna on the road. A beggar tells him that a mad man named Surya has drawn it and Gautham is shocked upon hearing this. The beggar tells him that Surya stays near a factory and to his shock, he finds glass bottles of different colors arranged to represent Mithuna's face. Surya is revealed to be alive and has become disarrayed thinking that Mithuna is dead. In a flashback 3 months ago,when the gautham had seen mithuna in the park the same old day surya had seen her in a RTC bus while chaseing by goons. He falls in love with her at first sight. Then he follows her and woos her during this time but Mithuna always pushes him away, saying that she will never like him and that either she or he will die if she one day actually ends up liking him. The months pass by and Surya continues to woo Mithuna but one day he stops seeing her altogether. Mithuna for some unknown reason suddenly feels for Surya and yearns to see him. She ends up visiting his house and finds out that he is an artist and she reciprocates Surya's feelings for her. The two celebrate and near a highway Muthina asks him if he will ever leave her and he says no. Soon after, Mithuna meets with a car accident and her parents are unable to bear the cost of the treatment. Gautham's father arrives and proposes his son's marriage with Mithuna. Mithuna's father requests Surya to leave her. Surya who is heart broken roams aimlessly on the roads of Anantagiri. After learning the truth, Gautham tells Mithuna that Surya is alive. She gets emotional but refuses to marry him. Gautham's father plans to kill Surya for the love of his son. Gautham comes to know the plan and tells his father that he is getting killed instead of Surya, in the hands of paid murderers on the telephone. Gautham sacrifices his life for Mithuna but before he dies, he feels Mithuna is walking away in front of his car. Mithuna is heartbroken a second time. Later Mithuna and Surya meet each other. Gautham's love succeeds when Mithuna asks Surya for time to forget Gautham.Goutam's father understands his mistake of trying to kill Surya and regrets that his own son is killed instead.Now upon his son's death, he understands that true love cannot be replaced, he longs for his son and decides to leave this world where his love isn't alive anymore.Later it is revealed that the dead man at graveyard is Gautham's father who has been missing for a while.
Ishaqzaade	Bollywood	romance	Habib Faisal	The Chauhans and the Qureshis are two political families whose rivalry and mutual hatred for one another goes back generations. Parma (Arjun Kapoor) is a good-for-nothing local thug, grandson of the patriarch chauvinist, Grandfather Chauhan. His grandfather often takes digs at Parma for being the useless son of his widowed daughter-in-law, and this makes Parma try to prove himself worthy. Zoya (Parineeti Chopra), a practising Muslim who offers Salat five times a day, is the trigger-happy, hot-tempered, only daughter in a traditional Muslim house full of brothers, along with her parents. She desires to go into politics like her father, but this dream is constantly laughed at by her family since she is a woman. When the local elections take place, Parma and Zoya's canvassing efforts lead to a clash between them, which results in Parma being slapped across the face by Zoya. While Parma is enamored by Zoya's fearlessness, Zoya is intrigued by his charm (including his inability to properly pronounce her name, calling her Joya instead of the proper Zoya). They fall in love after a series of incidents bring them together, and elope; Parma converts to Islam and changes his name to Pervez. After marriage, Parma and Zoya consummate the marriage by having sex in an empty train. Afterwards, Parma reveals that he tricked Zoya - the wedding ceremony was fake and they are not married. He perpetrated the sham wedding to get her to have sex with him, which would bring shame upon her family. He therefore took revenge against her clan, and repaid the humiliation of her slapping him earlier on. Zoya is left heartbroken and devastated, as Parma joins his family in a celebration of becoming a man. Zoya attempts to invade the celebration in order to shoot Parma, but is intercepted by his mother, Parvati, who urges her to calm down. Parvati tells Parma that he must honour his marriage vows regardless of whether he meant them, and do right by Zoya. Parma's family come to know of Zoya's presence in their home and in the heat of the moment, Grandfather Chauhan shoots Parma's mother when she tries to defend her son and daughter-in-law from the bloodthirsty gang. Parma realizes his mistake and protects Zoya from being murdered by his family. Parma and Zoya go on the run from their families and take refuge in a brothel. At first, Zoya is still furious with Parma for his deception and even believes that he was trying to sell her to the brothel. She attacks him with a piece of broken glass, cutting his arm badly. The brothel Madame allows them to stay while Parma recovers and Zoya begrudgingly nurses him. He asks her for forgiveness and though she refuses to grant it, she shows that she still loves him through little actions of affection. However, their mutual grief soon brings them together, giving their love a second chance. The two exchange marriage vows in a legitimate ceremony at the brothel. Zoya decides to try reconciling with her family, and takes Parma to her home to win over her father. They are instead met with hostility and gunshots when Zoya's father puts a gun to her head, threatening to kill his own daughter. The couple flee as Zoya's father sends his men after them. Zoya and Parma prepare to run away to Jaipur, but when Parma leaves the safety of the bus to get water, their pursuers spot him and seize Zoya. She breaks free as Parma furiously fights to save her. They are reunited briefly, but quickly are found by Parma's former friends and run to the local college, which is closed for Eid. The two rival families decide that Parma and Zoya's marriage is a stab to their respective religious communities and political careers, and they try to kill the couple by joining forces. Parma and Zoya take refuge on a terrace, engaging in a gunfire battle. With only a few bullets left, Zoya realises that they are outnumbered. She asks Parma to shoot her so that their love can win and they can die in the victory of their love, rather than be riddled with bullets by their own families, and allow hatred to win. The two shoot each other in the abdomen willingly and die in each other's arms, smiling. The goons check if they are dead and go inform the two families, who leave satisfied. The movie ends with Parma and Zoya's bodies lying on the terrace, and an on-screen message that explains how thousands of lovers like them are killed every year only because of falling in love outside their caste and/or religion.
Seetha Kalyanam (സീതാ കല്യാണം)	Malayalam	romance	T. K. Rajeev Kumar	Sreeni (Jayaram), a simpleton has a high paying job in Bangalore. His mother, who is traditional to the core, is looking for the perfect match for him. Sreeni is a butt of the joke among his female colleagues and they tease him by pretending to flirt with him. The leader among them is Nimisha (Jyothika). Their relationship is purely platonic. Meanwhile, his mother succeeds in finding a traditional girl in Abhirami (Geethu Mohandas); brought up in an Aghraharam. Later, Nimisha realizes all on a sudden one day, that she had been long in love with Sreeni. Abhi, on the other hand has her own personal battles to deal with, since she had always been in love with Ambi (Indrajith).
Kalishankar	Bengali	romance	Prashanta Nanda	Kali, Shankar and Tithi are the three motherless children of the acting priest of a local Krishna temple in an anonymous small town/village in West Bengal or Odisha (differing between the language versions). The local MLA Debu Soren’s henchmen kill their father because he insists on standing witness in court against a murder committed at Soren’s behest. Kali, the elder brother, kills the corrupt lawyer as he walks out of the courtroom after the judge has delivered his judgement. Kali goes to jail for ten years. Shankar meets with a freak accident and is brought up by a local Muslim fakir. But the accident has left him with a memory loss and a penchant for violence. He grows up to be one of Debu Soren’s favourite henchmen. The little girl Tithi, who is picked off the streets by the maid of Debu’s mistress, grows up to become a wayward girl on the verge of turning alcoholic. After ten long years, Kali is released. He returns to the temple to meet his grandfather who was away when Kali’s father was killed. The grandfather, a temple priest, encourages the grandson to avenge his father’s death. Kali, Shankar and Tithi are united and from then on, it is one long chain networking of maramari, dishoom-dishoom, blood and gore and the killing of the criminals one after the other in the same way their father was killed - by electric shock. The two young men come home to roost and it is one big happy family in the temple with their two girlfriends pitching in and Tithi hoping to tie the knot with the handsome young police officer. 
The Affairs of Martha	American	romance	Jules Dassin	The peace and quiet enjoyed by the residents of the exclusive neighborhood of Rock Bay, Long Island is disturbed by a newspaper gossip column tidbit that one of their maids is writing a tell-all book about her employers. Since the author is not identified, each family fears that its secrets will be aired in public. Among those confused and distraught are Dr. Sommerfield (Melville Cooper) and his wife Sophia (Spring Byington). Their teenage daughter Miranda (Virginia Weidler), however, is thrilled. Their longtime cook Mrs. McKessic (Marjorie Main) arranges a meeting of the neighborhood servants, in which they decide to band together against the attempts by many of their employers to spy on them to learn who the writer is. The author is the Sommerfields' young maid Martha Lindstrom (Marsha Hunt). She secretly visits her publisher, Joel Archer (Allyn Joslyn), to try to get him to stop planting stories in the newspapers to generate interest in the upcoming book. When the Sommerfields' son, Jeff (Richard Carlson), returns unexpectedly after a year and a half away studying the Eskimos, he introduces the family to his new fiancee, mathematician Sylvia Norwood (Frances Drake). This upsets Martha greatly, although she manages to hide it. It turns out that just before he left on his expedition, Jeff got drunk and married Martha. When he sobered up, he had second thoughts. As he had to leave almost immediately, he gave Martha money to get an annulment or a divorce. Unbeknownst to him, she did not do so, as she was in love with him. Instead, she took night classes to make herself more acceptable to his social class. Jeff is surprised to find her still working for his family. When he discovers they are still married, he insists she get the marriage dissolved so he can wed Sylvia. To complicate her life even further, both Archer and local Casanova and handyman Danny O'Brien (Barry Nelson) are strongly attracted to Martha. She is tempted by Archer, as Jeff shows no signs of returning her feelings for him. Finally, Archer crashes the Sommerfields' dinner party, and is provoked by the guests' harsh comments into stating first that he will be publishing the book and then that Martha is the author. After the last revelation, Martha flees with Archer in his car. Jeff realizes he loves her; he chases and catches her, and they are reconciled.
Atharintiki Daaredi	Telugu	romance	Trivikram Srinivas	Raghunandan is a rich but unhappy businessman based in Milan. He wishes to reconcile with his estranged daughter Sunanda, whom he expelled because she married Rajasekhar against his wishes. His grandson Gautham Nanda promises Raghunandan that he will bring her back to their home on his 80th birthday. Sunanda has three daughters; two of them are Prameela and Sashi. Gautham enters the house as Siddhartha aka Siddhu, a driver who was appointed by Rajasekhar after saving him from a heart attack. Gautham tries to woo Prameela, but gives up when he learns that she is in love with another man. Sashi hates Gautham and is suspicious of him and Paddu, his friend and a nurse who is appointed to take care of Rajasekhar. Sunanda later reveals to Gautham that she is aware of his real identity much before the incidents, and warns him to abstain from doing anything with the intention of taking her back to Raghunandan. To save Prameela's love, Gautham and Paddu go to a village and accidentally, Sashi falls into the jeep due to a head injury, thus suffering with amnesia. Gautham introduces himself as her lover for the time being. Sashi believes it. The trio go to the venue; Gautham and Paddu enter the house. They and the bridegroom escape from there and reach Sunanda's home after a violent altercation with the family members of the bridegroom where Sashi's memory is revived. The bride's father Siddhappa asks for compensation for the damage caused by Siddhu, to which Sunanda promises Sashi's marriage with Siddhappa's elder son. To avoid complications, Rajasekhar fires Gautham. Gautham later learns that Sashi loved him from the beginning but was hesitant to express her feelings. He traps Baddham Bhaskar, a rich NRI staying in Uganda who has a penchant for women, and enters Sunanda's home as his assistant. Bhaskar falls for Sashi but his attempts are repeatedly thwarted by Gautham. On the day of her marriage, Sashi elopes with Gautham. While waiting with him for the train to Chennai, Siddhappa's men reach the station to stop them only to be trashed by Gautham and his assistants, led by Balu. Through Balu, Sashi comes to know Gautham's real motive. An angry Rajasekhar, with Sunanda, arrive to shoot Gautham but Rajasekhar is taken aback after knowing his true identity. Gautham reveals that the day Sunanda left the house, Raghunandan tried to commit suicide but accidentally killed Gautham's mother. He says that he chose to love his grandfather though he killed his mother. Sunanda chose to hate him as he injured Rajasekhar and expelled them. Sunanda and Rajasekhar realise their folly and reconcile with Gautham. Sashi is kidnapped by four henchmen appointed by Bhaskar where she narrates the story to the henchmen. Gautham and Paddu reach the spot and Sashi reconciles with Gautham. Bhaskar's wealth is seized by the government of Uganda and he is left with the same amount with which he ran away from Rajasekhar's house when he assisted him in the past. Raghunandan reconciles with Sunanda, and Gautham is unanimously appointed as the CEO of the company thanks to Raghunandan and Sunanda's support. The film ends with Gautham holding Raghunandan's hand with affection.
Seven O' Clock	Kannada	romance	Santosh Rai Pathaje	Nithya (Pooja Kanwal) loves to play pranks by calling someone everyday morning and making them a 'Bakra'. But one day she gets trapped by Rahul (Mithun Tejaswi) who is over smart. Soon Rahul and Nithya decide to meet at 7 o'clock in the railway station. Nithya says she is coming in yellow salwar and Rahul says he will be wearing a blue shirt. Nithya is a budding doctor while Rahul is a painter who wants to meet his lover and then complete one of his paintings. Rahul has a mobile and Nithya is averse to mobile phones. At the dot of 7 o'clock the train fails to come as it is two hours late. Nithya and Rahul are upset with this delay. Rahul's mobile is stolen in the railway station and the only way for him is to contact Nithya is at her residence. She is not there because she is waiting at the railway station for Rahul. The anxiety among the audiences shoots up. The twist in the climax is when both meet not knowing each other's identity. Rahul's marriage is also fixed but on the engagement day the interference of a thief (who stole Rahul's mobile, paintings etc. in the train) changes the whole situation.
Sangram	Bengali	romance	Haranath Chakraborty	The story of the film is set in a village named Shimulpur village. Satyaprakash, a popular schoolmaster in the village teaching in the Shimulpur High School, is an honorable person in the village. An election campaign was held at the school, Raghav Choudhury and Mohan Roy being the two opponent candidates. Out of them, Mohan was an honest man and wanted to win the elections by maintaining peace and order in the society. But, Raghav takes the other trail and starts troubling the local villagers. Satyaprakash can't tolerate this and so, he protests against this, by advising the villagers to boycott the elections. Raghav tried to shut the mouth of Satyaprakash and put an end to his activities by bribing him but he failed. Ultimately, seeing no other way, Raghav kills Satyaprakash. Satyaprakash had two children. His elder son was Karna and younger son was Somu. Karna knew his father's murderer, but society forced HIM not to do anything to him and leave the village. He got shelter in a Colonel's house and is brought up there. As he grows, he makes the plans to take revenge on Raghav Choudhury. Meanwhile, Raghav Choudhury became a don of the village and started doing many illegal activities along his brother Rajesh Choudhury and his friends. On the other hand, during these years, Mohan Roy had paid for Somu's studies. Somu, who had gone abroad to complete his higher education, returned to the village. He and Mohan's daughter, Anjali, were in love with each other. Later, when Mohan Roy protested against Raghav, he got him murdered too by Rajesh. In the meantime, Karna returns and with the active support of the Colonel, he killed Raghav and his whole gang, thereby fulfiling his revenge. The film ends as finally the Colonel and Karna surrender themselves to the police.
Sri Harikathe	Kannada	romance	Dayal Padmanabhan	Hari (Sunil), a young businessman and Neha (Radhika), a PHD student at the Singapore university love each other and get married. However, Neha insists that they start the family only after she submits and completes her thesis. Hari agrees to the condition for about 6 months. Later again, Neha asks for 3 more months time until she gets prepared to start a family. This makes the couple to clash and Neha leaves for an educational trip abroad. Meanwhile, Hari brings a celebrity model (Pooja) home and Neha finds them getting cozy after which the celebrity is seen murdered. The rest of the plot deals with the who-done-it and the mystery around the celebrity's death.
Manasantha Nuvve	Telugu	romance	V. N. Aditya	Anu (Baby Zeeba) is the daughter of a wealthy government officer. Chanti (Ananda Vardhan), son of a widow mother lives in a small hut beside their house. Anu is attracted to the kindness of Chanti and his family and they both become good friends. Anu's father does not like their friendship but they continue playing together. One day, Anu's father gets a job transfer and they leave that village. Anu gives him an alarm clock as a parting gift when they leave to Vizag. He keeps this gift as a token of remembrance. After some time, his mother dies because of a disease and he is an orphan now. He starts selling breakfast to the railway passengers and try to make a living out of it. One day a couple Mohan Rao (Chandra Mohan, and Sudha) admired by his honesty, decide to adopt him and give him a good life. They give him a new name Venu and bring up as their own child. He looks after their Audio/video cafe run by Mohan Rao. Anu goes to the US and completes her education, but she still remembers her childhood friend Chanti. Her parents want her to get married to her cousin, but she convinces them that she does not want to marry now. She also reveals to her cousin that she still likes Chanti and hope to meet him some day. She comes to India in the hope of finding Chanti but fail to meet him. She starts writing about their friendship since their childhood as a serial and visits the editor of Swati magazine and tells him that this is her own story. He gets impressed by the story and agrees to publish it in his magazine with her pen name Renu. Chanti's sister becomes a big fan of that serial and admires her. She keeps asking Venu to find and get her home. One day he meets Renu in a TV show where he also reveals the story of his childhood friend. Renu becomes happy that she found him but wanted to give him a thrill by not revealing her identity. She introduces herself to him as the writer of the serial Manasantha Nuvve. He feels happy that he can take her to his sister and surprise her. Anu visits their home and she becomes a good family friend. When they actually comes to know each other, Anu's father threatens him to forget his daughter otherwise he will spoil his sister's marriage. He agrees to his proposal and rejects Anu. But Anu finds out her father is the reason for their breakup and spoils her own marriage with a minister's son and rushes to Venu. Venu is wounded by the henchmen of Anu's father and goes into coma. Finally he recuperates from coma after listening to the alarm sound given by Anu in their childhood and the couple unites.
I Take This Woman	American	romance	Marion Gering	After causing yet another scandal, Kay Dowling (Carole Lombard), the spoiled daughter of wealthy New Yorkers, is given a stark choice by her fed-up father (Charles Trowbridge), go to his ranch in Ursula, Wyoming, (to avoid being named a co-respondent in a divorce case) or be disinherited. Kay's fiance, Herbert Forrest (Lester Vail), proposes getting married immediately, but she chooses the ranch. Later, while spending her days on the ranch with her good-humored aunt Bessie, Kay falls reluctantly in love with one of her father's cowhands, Tom McNair (Gary Cooper), and impulsively marries him. When her father learns of the union, he disowns her. Kay and Tom are forced to live in a one-room shack while Tom tries to expand his cattle herd. One year later, Kay is unhappy with life on the ranch, and longs for the comforts of her family's palatial mansion. One day, she receives a telegram from home, and tells Tom that her father is sick and that she must be with him. Back in New York, Kay writes a letter to Tom, asking for a divorce. Soon after, Tom arrives at the estate and explains that he left the ranch to become a professional bronco rider in a rodeo. Kay assumes that he never received the letter, and Tom never mentions it. One night during a party, Tom overhears the guests making fun of him and he tells Kay she can have her divorce. Later, as she realizes that life with Herbert would amount to a life of playing golf, Kay visits Tom at the rodeo. During his performance, he is thrown from a bronco and hurt. Kay rushes to Tom's side, and the two reconcile and decide to return to the ranch.
Odipolama	Tamil	romance	Kanmani	Visu (Parimal), is a computer science student, who loves to spend time with his friends (led by Suman Setty). Though he is initially portrayed as a book-worm, it is made known in later scenes that he is a happy-go-lucky youngster. Hailing from an affluent family, he lives his own life. He comes across Anjali (Sandhya), a computer science student. Visu falls in love with her. After locating her whereabouts, he moves close to her residence.But problems begin after he goes behind her. A series of events forces Anjali to elope. She takes the bus in which Visu travels. It appears that Visu and Anjali had eloped together, but that isn't. There are a host of interesting events and encounters between them that eventually ends on a positive note.
 Captain Corelli's Mandolin	American	romance	John Madden	Greece's Ionian Islands are invaded by the Italian army when it brings a large garrison and a few Germans to the tranquil island of Cephalonia, whose inhabitants surrender immediately. Captain Antonio Corelli, an officer of the Italian 33rd Acqui Infantry Division, has a jovial personality and a passion for the mandolin, and trains his battery of men, (who have never fired a shot), to choral sing. Initially he alienates a number of villagers, including Pelagia, the daughter of the village doctor. She is an educated and strong-willed woman. At first offended by the Italian soldier's behaviour, she slowly warms to Corelli's charm, and mandolin playing, as they are forced to share her father's home after the doctor agrees to put him up in exchange for medical supplies. When Pelagia's fiancé, Mandras, a local fisherman, heads off to war on the mainland, the friendship between Antonio and Pelagia grows. Her beauty and intelligence have captured Corelli's heart, and his fondness for the village's vibrant community has caused him to question his reasons for fighting. Corelli, and his battery of musical troops, becomes a part of the villagers' lives; but the moment is fleeting. As the war grows closer, Antonio and Pelagia are forced to choose between their allegiances and the love they feel for one another. The Italian government surrenders to the Allies, and the Italian troops happily prepare to return home. However, their erstwhile allies, the Germans, insist on disarming them, intemperately and violently. The Greeks are also exposed to the brutality of the incoming Germans, and arrange with the Italians to use their arms in a brief but futile resistance. For this, the German High Command has thousands of the Italian troops shot as traitors. Corelli survives when one of his soldiers shields him from the fusillade of the German executioners' bullets with his body, and falls dead on top of him. Mandras finds Corelli, still alive among the pile of massacred soldiers, and takes him to Pelagia and the doctor for treatment and recovery, and then to a boat to escape the island. As a result of Pelagia's questioning, Mandras admits that he rescued Corelli from the heap of dead soldiers because he wanted to re-kindle their love. But it does no good and the couple part. Earlier, on one of Mandras's return visits to Cephallonia, he advises Pelagia that the reason he never replied to her many love letters is because he is illiterate. In 1947, Pelagia receives a parcel from Italy containing a record of the tune Corelli wrote for her, but no note. An earthquake destroys much of the village including the doctor's house; but island life continues, and, soon after, Corelli returns to Pelagia.
Nenu	Telugu	romance	E. Sathibabu	Vinod, who has grown up under the care of a church father, is an introvert but a genius. He is forcibly sent to a college in Vizag by the father but is a complete misfit in class. Though shunned by the rest of his class, Divya becomes his friend and he gradually warms up to her too. His feelings soon turn into love but he realizes that Divya considers him as only a friend. But he is unwilling to let her go. Meanwhile Vinod learns that Divya is in love with another classmate, Abhi. Divya's father is enraged on learning about her love. He shuts her up and prevents her from contacting anyone. But Vinod comes and meets her on the pretext of getting some old clothes for himself to wear. Pitied by Vinod, her father allows him. But Vinod uses the chance and escapes with Divya. He convinces her that she will meet Abhi at the Jungle. Vinod has set up a secret place in that jungle for executing his plan of wooing Divya. He makes her stay with him, while convincing her by talking about the never-impending Abhi's arrival. On one such day, he reveals his miserable past, when he was made to work for paid labour after being orphaned at an early age. He revolts against the oppression one day against the illegal child labour in vogue at his place. Promptly he is beaten black and blue for his profanity. Moreover he also loses his girlfriend to rapists in that place, who also kill her. Somehow he manages to escape from them and seeks refuge in the place of a church father. Divya is really touched by his past. Incidentally the police and Abhi arrive at the place. While Vinod was away to get some food, they try to make Divya understand that Vinod was a psychopath. Yet Divya scoffs at their claims, citing his gentlemanly behavior over the days she was put up alone with him. Vinod, learning that the police have arrived at the scene, begins to indulge in mass violence. He opens fire, killing a police constable. Forcing them out of their hideout, he manages to evade the police Inspector and Abhi and successfully brings Divya back to their original place of stay. Divya soon identifies the tiger out of the cow's skin. Vinod pleads with her, telling her that all he wanted in his life was her presence with him. But Divya called him a friend and stated her inability to accept him as her partner for life. Meanwhile Abhi regains consciousness and comes back to attack Vinod and rescue his girlfriend. A violent fight follows, where Vinod defies his puny self and treats Abhi with disdain. The fight culminates with Vinod, Abhi and Divya teetering at the edge of a slippery cliff. While Divya clutches a tree bark tightly, Vinod and Abhi slip out and barely manage to hold either of her hands. Divya is forced to a situation where she needs to choose between her boyfriend and friend. Abhi's pleas notwithstanding, Divya doesn't have the heart to kill Vinod. The epic of a cliffhanger finally ends with Vinod smiling wryly at Divya and letting go of her hands himself. He falls to his death into the abyss.
Never Say Goodbye	American	romance	Jerry Hopper	Dr. Mike Parker departs California to speak at a conference in New York. A widower, he and daughter Suzy have a deal with each other to never actually say goodbye. She remains behind with Miss Tucker, her governess. Having a drink after the conference, a caricature artist, Victor, comes to Mike's table along with a woman who plays piano at the nightclub, Dorian Kent. To their mutual shock, Mike recognizes Dorian as his late wife, Lisa. Dorian flees into the street, where she is hit by a car. While he waits for her injuries to heal, Mike recalls how they met in Vienna, Austria in the postwar 1940s, when he was an Army doctor. At that time, she and Victor had an act together as entertainers. Mike treated her for a sprained ankle and ended up marrying Lisa, who gave birth to Suzy. A jealous Mike, however, continually suspected her of having an affair with Victor, and when she went to the Russian sector to seek advice from her father, Lisa was never seen or heard from again. Unwilling to renew their marriage but eager to see Suzy again, a recovered Lisa agrees to accompany Mike back to his home. The little girl misunderstands, however, believing her father is bringing home a new wife. She becomes hysterical. Later, she takes a dislike to Lisa and refuses to believe any suggestion that this is her real mother. Victor visits and charms Suzy with his drawings. Mike gets an inspiration that Suzy should describe to the artist whatever memories she has of what her mother looked like. Lisa is about to leave when Suzy, having seen Victor's sketch, realizes who she is and calls out to Lisa to come back.
Haathi Mere Saathi	Bollywood	romance	M.A. Thirumugham	Orphaned Raju (Rajesh Khanna), in the company of four elephants, has to perform with them at street corners, in order to survive. The back-story is that as an orphan, they have saved his life from a leopard. In time, he makes it big, and starts Pyar Ki Duniya (The World of Love), a zoo in which various wild animals reside along with his elephants, among whom Ramu is closest to him. Slowly he amasses a fortune, and is able to build his own private zoo, housing tigers, lions, bears, and of course the four elephants. He treats all the animals as his friends. He meets with Tanu (Tanuja), and both fall in love. Tanu's rich dad, Ratanlal (Madan Puri), is opposed to this alliance, but subsequently relents, and permits the young couple to get married. However, trouble looms soon after as Tanu feels neglected. Things worsen when their child is born, and Tanu, fearing physical harm to her child from the elephants, tells Raju to choose between the elephants and his family. When Raju chooses his lifelong friends over wife and son, Ramu decides to bring the estranged couple together, but thanks to the villainous Sarwan Kumar (K.N. Singh), he has to sacrifice his life.
Once a Princess	Filipino	romance	Laurice Guillen	Erin Almeda came from a rich family and was always known by her nickname Princess. She ends up breaking up with her geeky classmate Leonard Jamieson by pretending that she was only using him. She is then faced with many difficult trials after her family went bankrupt. 7 years later, Leonard is unexpectedly reunited with Erin who is married to his high school rival Damian.
Let's Dance	Bollywood	romance	Aarif Sheikh	Suhani, a passionate young dancer, dreams of being a star her entire life. Fourteen-year-old Aftab, a gifted dancer, has never dreamed, ever. She can see nothing beyond starring in an R.J. Music Video. He can see nothing beyond making a life on the streets. When she sees Aftab's gang dancing on a street corner one night, she has no idea that her dreams are about to change. She's moved by the talent these street kids possess and wants the world to give them their due. But Aftab has no faith in her dreams for them. Will she be able to restore his faith in her? Will she get them the life they deserve, but cannot even dream of?
Pelli Naati Pramanalu	Telugu	romance	K. V. Reddy	Bheemasena Rao (S. V. Ranga Rao) is a dignified and respectful man, he has son Captain Pratap (R. Nageswara Rao) works in Military services and a daughter is Rukmini (Jamuna). Salahala Rao (Ramana Reddy) the close friend and relative to Bheemasena Rao is trying to arrange the marriage to Rukmini. Krishna Rao (Akkineni Nageswara Rao) a distinct relative of Salahala Rao. He was sent to meet Bheemasena Rao with a recommendation letter. During the meantime, he attracts Rukmini with his good manners. Bheemasena Rao arranged the marriage between Krishna Rao and Rukmini and a political leader takes Marriage Vows (Pellinati Pramanalu) from them that they should not cheat each other. Krishna Rao starts a new family in the town and finds a job in Salahala Rao's company Andalu and Alankaralu owned by R. P. Nanda (Dr. Sivaramakrishnaiah). During the next seven years, they had three children. But after that Rukmini becomes busy with household responsibilities. Krishna Rao becomes fed-up with her behavior. Subsequently, he is attracted towards his Secretary Radha (Raja Sulochana). He even goes to her house during the absence of his wife. After knowing about the affair, Pratap and Salahala Rao plays a small drama and let Krishna Rao know about his mistake. Finally, the movie ends with marriage of Pratap & Radha.
Shuddh Desi Romance	Bollywood	romance	Maneesh Sharma	Raghu Ram (Sushant Singh Rajput) is a tourist guide in Jaipur who doubles up as a rental baraati for Goyal (Rishi Kapoor), a wedding planner. Raghu is experiencing pre-marital jitters before his arranged marriage. Goyal has hired a fake baraat to accompany Raghu to his wedding which includes Gayatri (Parineeti Chopra), an open-minded, independent woman who lives life on her own terms. On the way to his wedding venue, Raghu falls for Gayatri. A confused Raghu, heavily impressed by her freedom, gathers the guts to run away from his wedding. A fortnight later, the two begin dating and eventually enter into a live-in relationship. In India, such relationships can be socially frowned upon, so they hide the relationship from their neighbours by pretending to be siblings. Mr. Gupta (Tarun Vyas), a neighbour of Gayatri, catches Raghu with Gayatri and tries to create distrust between them, but the couple are able to reconcile and decide to get married. However, on the day of the wedding, Gayatri runs out on him, and Raghu is left inconsolable. Soon after, at a wedding, Raghu meets Tara (Vaani Kapoor), the woman he was going to marry before he met Gayatri. She asks him out initially on a revenge trip but slowly falls for him. Just as Raghu is about to ask her to marry him at a wedding, he runs into Gayatri. The bride's mom sends Raghu and Gayatri to pick up the priest from the station. On the way, Gayatri tries to talk to Raghu but he is reluctant. Later at dinner, Raghu finds Tara and Gayatri sitting on the same table. Tara tells him that she invited Gayatri to dinner on Sunday. Raghu gingerly makes an excuse for the bathroom. Gayatri follows him, and they confess their love for each other. Tara arrives and catches them in a loving embrace. Tara leaves while Raghu and Gayatri are compelled by Goyal to accept that they love each other and that they should marry. Three days later, on the night of their marriage, Gayatri and Raghu run into each other at the main gate while they are trying to run away. Later they meet at Gayatri's home where Raghu says that he truly loves Gayatri but he doesn't want to be imprisoned by marriage. They agree to resume their live-in relationship.
Addhuri	Kannada	romance	A. P. Arjun	The story opens at a railway station where the director is narrating the different kinds of arguments and fights that happen at a railway station. The scene then shifts to a couple standing on a bridge over the tracks. The story soon moves into the lives of the couple who are fighting. Arjun (Dhruva Sarja) is seen having a heated argument with Poorna (Radhika Pandit). Although it is not made clear as to why they are fighting, it is understood that they are lovers and Arjun is trying to patch up with Poorna. Arjun tries valiantly to patch up with Poorna, who is vehemently denying his every apology and request to reconcile. Their argument soon enters into a situation where Arjun is forced to lie to stop Poorna from abandoning him and leave to Delhi. So, after befriending the ticket master (Tabla Nani), who helps his cause by giving Poorna a delayed ticket, Arjun feels that he has a chance to win back his love in just 6 (Six) days. Arjun challenges Poorna that he can win her back if she agrees to be with him for these last 6 days, in which he wants her to accompany her to all the places they had been as lovers before. Poorna reluctantly agrees, and the story now runs on two tracks where the director shows how close Arjun and Poorna were when they were together and how they are at present. So, as 1st, 2nd, 3rd, and 4th days pass, Arjun endures a lot of scorn and hate from Poorna as he tries to win her heart. He takes on a gang of local goons who taunt her, and bashes them, but that still doesn't melt her heart. One day, Poorna appears at Arujun's house (the scene at this point shows that she might have actually forgiven Arjun) and asks him to buy her a dress and meet her tomorrow as she has a surprise for him. Arjun, excited, presents Poorna a dress, which she promises to wear when she meets him, and waits for her at the preset location. However, Arjun's heart is torn apart when Poorna introduces her fiance Tarun (Tarun Chandra) further humiliating Arjun. Nevertheless, Arjun takes this insult in his stride and narrates his love story to Tarun, who is unaware that Arjun is actually telling Tarun his own love story he shares with Poorna. Tarun rejoices in the many twists and turns that Arjun endures to win Poorna'a love. It is now revealed that Arjun was nicknamed 'Achhu' and Poorna was nicknamed 'Rachhu' and they referred to themselves using the same names from the time they fell in love. Tarun is impressed with Arjun and promises any help he can offer for Arjun to reclaim his love and leaves. Although it is not revealed till the later part of the movie as to what caused the rift in their relationship, it soon becomes apparent that Poorna is upset with Arjun because he betrayed her when she trusted him the most. Dejected, she decided to end her relationship with Arjun and leave him for good. With 5 days gone by, Arjun begins to feel that his love is slipping away from him forever and bears his heart to Poorna, who by now has learnt that Arjun had no intention to betray her, and it was all her haste that has led to her breakup with Arjun. Disappointed with herself for humiliating the man she loves, she decides to leave the relationship anyway, as she fears that going back to Arjun now may cause him to doubt her feelings for him. However, on the 7th (last) day, just about when the viewer is led to believe that their relationship is about to end, in a twist of fate, Arjun and Poorna miraculously unite and lead a happy life ever after.
The Choice	American	romance	Ross Katz	Travis Shaw (Benjamin Walker) is a veterinarian, living in the city of Wilmington, NC, who falls in love on his first meeting with Gabby Holland (Teresa Palmer), who has moved into the house next door. Gabby is a medical student who is in a relationship with a fellow doctor, Ryan McCarthy (Tom Welling). With Ryan out of state overseeing a new hospital opening, Gabby and Travis spend more time together, starting a relationship. Ryan returns, and is keen to resume his relationship with Gabby. Unsure of her feelings, Gabby tells Travis that their relationship wasn't necessarily serious, so she says Yes to Ryan's marriage proposal. Monica (Alexandra Daddario) breaks up with Travis telling him she knows about him and Gabby, and that he should fight for her because they love each other. Travis goes to the hospital, only to find out Gabby left after she broke off her engagement with Ryan. Ryan punches him for the affair. Travis then goes to Gabby's family home to propose to her. After convincing her of his love, she says yes. They marry and over the course of the next few years they have two children and become a happy family. One evening, after a dinner to which Travis has failed to show due to a work emergency, Gabby drives back home but is involved in an accident with another car. She survives but is now in a coma, which seems permanent. Travis, wracked with guilt, has to decide whether to take her off life support. After a storm nearly destroys their house, Travis finds the wind chimes that Gabby had on her porch. Travis goes to his island and builds a gazebo and hangs the wind chimes there. The shell chime starts to ring in the wind and Travis runs to the hospital where Gabby has woken up from her coma. He takes her home where she is welcomed by the family and Travis' sister's newborn child. To make up for missing their dinner date they have one in the front yard, where she tells him she heard everything he said whilst in the coma. The last shot is of Travis and Gabby with their children and dogs sitting in the gazebo called Gabby's Point, looking out onto the shore and up at the stars.
Mohabbat	Bollywood	romance	Bapu	Shekhar is in love with Roopa and would like to marry her. Roopa is the only daughter of Choudhury, the apple of his eye, and he agrees to get her married to Shekhar. Shekhar informs his parents, his dad, and his stepmother, and together they all go to Choudhury's house to finalize the marriage. At this point, Shekhar's stepmother asks for a hefty sum as dowry, which the Choudhury is unable to afford, and thus the proposal for marriage falls flat, with the Choudhury vowing that he will get his daughter married elsewhere. Shekhar is disgusted with his stepmother, and leaves home and comes to Choudhury and attempts to convince him to reconsider, but Choudhury is adamant, and goes ahead to plan his daughter's marriage with Atmaram, leaving both Shekar and Roopa devastated, and unsure what plan of action to adopt.
Arsho	Punjabi	romance	Shapinder Pal Singh	The film deals with the romance of duet singers Arsh (Mannat Singh) and Deep (Dakssh Ajit Singh) and the ongoing day-to-day struggles faced by such artists.
Premaku Swagatam	Telugu	romance	S. V. Krishna Reddy	Lahari(Soundarya) daughter of a millionaire Mahendra(Prakash Raj) falls in love with her car driver Balaji(J. D. Chakravarthy).Lahari announces her love towards Balaji in her birthday party.Mahendra and Balaji doesn't want her to marry Balaji as he is poor.They make an agreement Lahari to stay in Balaji's small house with his big family.Mahendra comes to know that Balaji also loves Lahari but he rejects because he is poor.Finally Balaji agrees to marry Lahari.
Kadhalil Vizhunthen	Tamil	romance	P. V. Prasad	The story focuses on the life of Sabhapathy (Nakul). He is the football-crazy son of an alcoholic and lives in the slums. However, he lives a comfortable life and plays football with his mates as he completes his college career. He meets Meera (Sunaina) after an accident and later develops a liking for her. He slowly starts to love her, but is afraid to express his love since she is rich and would react hastily. However, he later does confirm his love to her and she accepts. When Sabha leaves for a football match with his college, he promises that he will propose to her as soon as he gets back. Sabha returns from his match to only find out that Meera has died. Sabha is shocked and he slips into a psychotic depression, travelling around with Meera's dead body, still believing she is alive. To make matters even worse, the police are also after him. The film ends as he commits suicide after killing Meera's uncle Kasirajan (Hariraj), who murdered her in the first place in order to gain her wealth.
The Left Ear	Chinese	romance	Alec Su	Li Er, a 17-year-old-girl, is partially deaf in her left ear. She dreams of having someone whisper sweet nothings into her impaired left ear because it’ll “go straight to the heart. Li Er has a crush on Xu Yi, a popular guy in school who is handsome and intelligent. Instead, Xu Yi is in love with Li Bala, a bar waitress. Driven to distraction, Xu neglects his homework, which infuriates his mother to the point that she was hospitalized and eventually died. What Xu Yi and Li Bala doesn't know is that they are all pawns in a plan devised by Zhang Yang, Xu Yi's half-brother. Zhang Yang had always hated his mother for leaving him and his father and marrying Xu Yi's father. He wanted to seek revenge against Xu Yi. One night, after seeing Zhang Yang in a basketball game, Li Bala falls in love with first sight with him. Disregarding Zhang Yang’s offhand violence and his jealous and spoilt girlfriend, Jiang Jiao, Li Bala chases after him fervently. Zhang Yang agreed to date Li Bala, on the condition that Li Bala destroys Xu Yi's reputation. After the exams, Zhang Yang and Jiang Jiao went out for dinner with their high school friends. In a spite of jealousy from seeing Li Bala's name on Zhang Yang's phone, Jiang Jiao forces Zhang Yang to make a choice between her and Li Bala. Zhang Yang called Li Bala a slut to appease Jiang Jiao, but the moment was caught on Jiang Jiao's camcorder, which was later stolen by Hei Ren's subordinate. Hei Ren, a gangster who is in love with Li Bala, assumes that Zhang Yang is playing with her feelings, and shows the video tape to Li Bala. Unable to accept the fact, Li Bala headed to find Zhang Yang to clarify the misunderstanding. However, she unfortunately died in a car accident along the way. As she was dying, Li Bala whispered her last words into Li'er's ears, telling her to pass it on to Zhang Yang. However, because of her condition, Li Er was unable to hear what Li Bala said. After graduation, Zhang Yang and Jiang Jiao heads to Beijing; while Li Er and Xu Yi went to Shanghai. Li Er and Xu Yi started to date, but soon broke up after Li Er finds out that Xu Yi is cheating on her. Li Er heads back to her hometown, where she chanced upon Zhang Yang, whom she eventually forgives. She chanced upon a note left by Li Bala, who wrote that she wanted Zhang Yang to be happy. Li Er decides to pass on the note to Zhang Yang, telling him that it is Li Bala's last words for him. In the year 2013, everyone has graduated. Li Er was employed into a company co-managed by Zhang Yang and Hei Ren. Zhang Yang, who has gradually fallen in love with Li Er, whispers gently into her ears; as Li Er meets his eyes and smile...
Ullam Ketkumae	Tamil	romance	Jeeva	The movie is all about a group of five college friends — Shaam (Shaam), Imaan (Arya), Pooja (Laila), Priya (Asin) and Irene (Pooja). The friends gather for the wedding of Imaan, years after everyone has parted ways. The movie starts with Pooja leaving USA to go to her college friend Imaan's wedding. Meanwhile, back in India everyone else is helping Imaan with the preparations for his wedding and catching up with their long lost college friends. The movie goes through series of flashbacks of old memories during their college days. Imaan and Irene meet for the first time, after a long time. Where the first flashback occurs. They were once in love, however it didn't turn as Imman had expected it to be. Another flashback occurs when Shaam gets reminded of Pooja. Pooja is a fun-loving tomboyish and naive girl, whose bestfriends with Shaam. While, Shaam realizes he's in love with Priya and on the other hand, Pooja realizes she's in love with Shaam. Shaam and Pooja had respectively decided to reveal their love to the ones they love on coming Valentine's Day. On that day, Pooja learns beforehand that Shaam is in love with Priya instead. Heartbroken by what she has just learned, she decides to keep her love for him a secret. When Priya finds out Shaam's in love with her, she rejects his love. As she believes in a more traditional approach towards finding a life partner. She reveals to him that she will be getting married, right after their graduation, to the man of her parents choice. Now back to the present day, the wedding day of Imaan. Everyone attends his wedding as Pooja finally arrives. She's no longer the same girl she was back then. Much more mature now and not as tomboyish as she was back then. Over sometime, Shaam has come to realised he missed Pooja's presences and is much fond of her now. He realised, he had failed to appreciate her presence. The day after Imaan's wedding, Pooja leaves to catch her flight back to the states. Right before her departure, she decides to pass Shaam the Valentine's day card that she had wanted to hand him during their college days and reviled her love for him. Shaam realizes that Pooja is the one, that was meant to be for him but not Priya. The movie ends with Shaam accepting Pooja's love for him.
Suhaag	Bollywood	romance	Manmohan Desai	Durga (Nirupa Roy) and Vikram Kapoor (Amjad Khan) have been married for years. Vikram has taken to crime in a big way and as a result has antagonized a rival gangster, Jaggi. Durga gives birth to twins and Jaggi steals one of them, and sells him to a bootlegger, Pascal. Durga is upset when she finds her son missing, but is devastated when Vikram abandons her. With a lot of difficulty, Durga brings up her son, Kishan (Shashi Kapoor), and has given up on finding her other son. Kishan has grown up and is now a dedicated police officer. On the other hand, Pascal has exploited Amit (Amitabh Bachchan), kept him illiterate, and made him a petty criminal and alcoholic. This gets him in confrontation with Kishan but the two settle their differences and become fast friends. Vikram is not aware of his two sons and wife being alive. Without revealing his identity, he hires Amit to kill Kishan during a Navratri dance at Maa Sherawali's temple. Amit informs Kishan and together with other police personnel, keep vigil. Things do not go as planned; they are attacked and Kishan loses his eyesight, leaving the onus on Amit to try to locate the person behind this crime. Full of singing, dancing and stunts, the film has a strong moral undertone of good triumphing over evil despite any odds.
Foolin' Around	American	romance	Richard T. Heffron	College student Wes (Gary Busey) who comes from Oklahoma to a university in Minnesota, signs up to participate in a psychological experiment where he meets Susan (Annette O'Toole). The two are instantly attracted to each other. Besides the problem of their differing socio-economic backgrounds, Susan is also engaged. However, Susan's grandfather recognizes her fiance's opportunism and when he sides with Wes, their relationship is given more of a chance, in spite of the concern Susan's mother has about social status. Susan's fiancee is Whitley (John Calvin). As events unfold, her grandfather (Eddie Albert) places his millions on Wes' side of the table since Whitley's opportunistic streak is as apparent as the white stripe on a skunk. Maybe the lovers have a chance after all, even if Susan's mother (Cloris Leachman) is hung up on social status.
Friends & Lovers	American	romance	George Haas	As Christmas season approaches, Ian is invited by his father, Richie, to join him for a skiing holiday in Park City, Utah. Ian convinces several of his friends to come along. There is Jon, who brings along his German girlfriend, Carla, but has competition for her from a German ski instructor, Hans. Another friend, David, is gay and wants to lose his virginity. Keaton discovers his sister Jane is pregnant and has no plans to tell the man who might be the father. Keaton also has issues with his friend, Lisa, who wants their relationship to become romantic.
The Londonderry Air	British	romance	Alex Bryce	A young woman abandons her plans to settle down in a respectable marriage and runs off with a travelling fiddler she falls in love with.
Anbe Aaruyire	Tamil	romance	S. J. Surya	Siva (S. J. Surya) is an investigative scribe who shares a live-in relationship with rich and bratty Madhu (Nila). They have hot-headed run-ins and even hotter patch-ups. Things come to a head when Madhu starts a restaurant with a brother of her friend. Nosey and envious Siva can't take it, and this causes a split between the duo. Fun starts as the fantasy element appears in the form of their apparitional alter egos. Eventually they come together, but there is plenty of over-the-top entertainment aimed at a post-teen youth audience. Anbe Aaruyire features the memories of each other in a human look-alike appearances. These memories remind them of their good times and the inner love for each other which help in their reunion.
Hers to Hold	American	romance	Frank Ryan	The plot tells of Penny's going to work in a munitions factory during World War II and falling in love with Joseph Cotten.[3]
Gentleman	Telugu	romance	Mohan Krishna Indraganti	Aishwarya, the daughter of a wealthy entrepreneur, boards a flight back to Hyderabad from the United States. Catherine, a visual effects designer returning from a month-long workshop, boards the same flight in London. To help pass the time, they share their love stories. Catherine explains that she is in a relationship with Gautham, a graduate who owns an adventure club, and Aishwarya shares that her fiancé Jayaram Jai Mullapudi is an award-winning entrepreneur who manages his father's company JaiGowri Finance. When Aishwarya and Catherine reach Hyderabad, they are met by Jai and the former's cousin Vamsi. Catherine is shocked to see that Jai is a lookalike of Gautham. After learning from Gautham's mother Yashoda about his death in an accident ten days earlier, she leaves his house grief-stricken. An investigative journalist named Nithya meets her and tells her that she suspects that Gautham was murdered. They initially suspect David, Catherine's uncle, who is admitted to a hospital after an overdose of narcotics. Catherine reaches the hospital only to learn that Jai has kidnapped the comatose David. Nithya uncovers information about a potential accounting scandal in JaiGowri Finance, and learns that the suicide of Jai's uncle Mohan and Gautham's accident happened on the same day. Catherine and Nithya decide to spy on Jai. Aishwarya recommends Catherine to Jai for a job in the latter's company, to which he reluctantly agrees. Catherine's presence in the company disturbs Jai, who soon realises that she is spying on him. Nevertheless, he remains silent. Catherine overhears a conversation between Vamsi and Jai where the former threatens to disclose the latter's involvement in Gautham's murder to the media. She later gains information about the security arrangements of the company by coercing her team leader Sudarshanam. Nithya provides a duplicate of the master key to Jai's cabin. Catherine finds the discharge papers of David and Gautham and a document confirming transfer of ₹5 billion from Aishwarya's company. She later leaves for an orphanage where David is being treated and finds him dead. Catherine and Nithya spot Jai running away from the orphanage, which strengthens their suspicions. At a party, Jai is disturbed after observing a growing intimacy between Catherine and Vamsi, an intimacy created by Catherine to provoke Jai. After mustering courage, Jai kills Vamsi and manages to make it look like a road accident. Jai then destroys all the documents Vamsi had been using to blackmail him. The following day, Aishwarya finds Jai's clothes and a photograph of him in Catherine's closet and suspects an illicit relationship between them. After Aishwarya calls off her engagement, Catherine confronts Jai and challenges to unveil his real self as a murderer and fraudster. Initially stoic, an emotional Jai reveals that he is Gautham himself by showing a wrist band Catherine had given him before leaving for London. The couple reconcile and Gautham starts narrating the truth. Vamsi's jealousy at Jai's success made him persuade David, his old friend, to murder him. David agrees, assuming that he is Gautham, whom he considers his rival. Meanwhile, Gautham comes across Jai's photograph in an attempt to find sponsors for his club. He alters his look to resemble Jai and meets Mohan. A dying Mohan reveals that Vamsi coerced him to invest in betting, which resulted in a loss of nearly ₹5 billion, for which Aishwarya's father Ram Prakash agreed to reimburse him. Meanwhile, David fatally stabs Jai in a warehouse, which is secretly filmed by Vamsi. Gautham reaches the spot and promises Jai to save his company from Vamsi and others. Gautham then places his clothes and wallet along with Jai's body in his car and pushes it into a lake, making it look like an accident. Yashoda helps him with this cover-up, and Gautham begins his new life as Jai. However, Vamsi, who has filmed all the events, edits the visuals and blackmails Gautham. With Catherine spying on him, Gautham had no option but to remain silent to avoid issues with Vamsi. Aishwarya overhears their conversation, and the families mourn Jai's death. A year later, the families of Jai and Aishwarya attend an award ceremony where Aishwarya is adjudged the best entrepreneur of the year. She dedicates the award to the deceased Jai, as Gautham and Catherine watch teary-eyed.
Khushi	Telugu	romance	S. J. Suryah	The film opens when Madhumati (Madhu) (Bhoomika Chawla) and Siddharth Roy alias Siddhu (Pawan Kalyan) are born. Madhu's family is based in Konaseema in Andhra Pradesh and Siddhu's family is from Kolkota (he has a Telugu father and Bengali mother). As babies, Madhu and Siddhu meet in a shopping complex. Madhu and her father love each other dearly. Madhu's father wants her daughter to get married and wanted to keep his son-in-law with them and so that his daughter will not leave him. However, her groom elopes with his girlfriend, apologizing to Madhu that he did not want to ruin another girl's life. Siddhu receives a visa for higher studies in Canada, his car met with an accident on his way to airport, which results him hospitalized for a period. Coincidentally, he receives Madhu's blood. Madhu's convinces her father to go for higher studies and not be bothered with marriage. Sidhu cannot make it to Canada and joins the same college as Madhu. Incidentally, they meet in a temple. They become good friends, while also helping Madhu's friend, Shanti, and Siddu's friend, Babu (Sivaji), who are in love. Shanti's father is a big goon, and Madhu and Siddhu ensure that Shanti and Babu do not reveal their love to Shanti's father and get into any trouble. One day while Madhu is studying for exams, Siddhu happens to come. Madhu's sari moves in the breeze, revealing her navel. Siddhu ogles it. Madhu accuses Siddhu of ogling, and Siddhu denies it. An argument breaks out leading to them accusing each other of hiding their feelings for the other. They end their friendship. After the summer holidays, Shanti's dad finds out about Babu. Madhu and Siddhu meet again for the sake of their friend's love. In the course of getting Babu and Shanti together, they realize they love each other. The movie ends happily, with the duo married and happily squabbling.
Raqeeb	Bollywood	romance	Raj Kanwar	The story is about Sophie (Tanushree Dutta) and how she tricks two men to fall in love with her through her charms. Sophie is in love with Sunny (Jimmy Sheirgill) and, to improve their lifestyle, she starts conning men into falling in love with her. Then she murders them and steals all their money. However, Sunny does not know that Sophie is planning to take all the money and frame him for the murders. The first victim, Remo (Rahul Khanna), is a multi-millionaire simpleton who truly loves Sophie. However, she has him brutally murdered by Sunny, who she is also planning to murder soon. When Remo's childhood friend, Siddharth (Sharman Joshi), finds out that Sophie had him murdered, he plans for revenge. The climax has an unexpected twist of revenge. Siddharth planned the whole scheme with Sophie for murdering Remo and framing Sunny for it and taking Remo's money and fortune. He is shown as the villain as he was the step-brother of Remo, whose father disowned him due to which his mother lost her mental balance and was undergoing treatment in an asylum. A number of fight scenes follow between Sunny and Remo and Sunny and Siddharth. The unexpected twist is that Remo isn't dead and is well aware of all that was happening and faked his death to find the culprit. A final lengthy fight takes place in the end in which Remo defeats Siddharth who accidentally kills himself as well as Sophie. Sunny is released and he befriends Remo while Remo pays donation to the asylum where Siddharth's mother is being treated.
Naa Ishtam	Telugu	romance	Prakash Toleti	Gani (Rana Daggubati), who is an extremely selfish person, lives and works in Malaysia. Into his life comes Krishnaveni (Genelia D'Souza) unexpectedly and everything changes. Krishnaveni loves Kishore (Harshvardhan Rane) and she elopes from home as her father Naidu (Nassar) does not approve of her choice. But Kishore doesn’t turn up and she feels cheated. Gani's selfish nature gets him to lie to Krishnaveni and he takes her home to Naidu in the hope of making some money. But Gani realizes his mistake once he sees Naidu and his family and brings Krishnaveni back to Malaysia. As a cheated Krishnaveni begins rebuilding her life with Gani's support, love blossoms between the two. Into this situation walks in Kishore who is desperate to win back Krishnaveni's love. Meanwhile, Naidu is furious about the whole episode and engages the services of Malaysia Don Salim Bhai (Shawar Ali) to trap Gani. Gani uses all his guile to thwart Salim Bhai and throw Kishore off the track. Whether he is successful and if Krishnaveni accepts him in the end forms the rest of the story.
Aur Pyaar Ho Gaya	Bollywood	romance	Rahul Rawail	Aur Pyaar Ho Gaya revolves around two twists of fate with Ms. Ashi - one with mistaken identity and the other is a Bank robbery/fraud/embezzlement case and subsequent arrest warrants. Ashi is a free-spirited young woman who was born and raised in a very traditional and conservative Indian family who prefer arranged marriages to love-marriages. Now, as she is twenty-five years old - her family has arranged her marriage to Rohit Malhotra, son of family friends, now established in business and thus, will be residing permanently in Switzerland as - Mr. & Mrs. Malhotra. Respecting her father's guidance and wishes/customs, Ashi agrees to the marriage proposal, on the condition that she be allowed to meet her fiance Rohit anonymously and get a chance to closely observe his character and personality. Ashi's father obliges to this condition and Ashi soon sets off to Switzerland to meet the potential suitor - Rohit Malhotra. While she is there, she learns that Rohit is away on an emergency business meeting and nobody can say exactly when he is expected to return, so Ashi stays in Switzerland for a few months - waiting for him, and in the meanwhile she meets a man called Bobby, who is smitten by her beauty and makes friends with her. He soon finds out from her that she is frustrated in her failed attempt meet Rohit. Later after a week, Bobby can not help himself as his heart pines for her as his wife, so he disguises himself as Rohit and tells her that he is the Rohit she has been searching/waiting for all these months! Ashi is happy that at last she gets a chance to meet Rohit before marriage, even though it was not as she planned (as anonymous), and after a few more weeks, Ashi begins to love this new character, but then she finds out from Rohit's accomplices that Rohit is still on his emergency trip and therefore, Bobby's real identity- that he is BOBBY not ROHIT. Anyway, she does not care and laughs it all off as she is already in love with Bobby and is ready to move on in life. Upon their return to India, Ashi explains to her family that she met BOBBY instead of ROHIT (who was and still is away on emergency business meeting) and wants to marry BOBBY, not ROHIT. Ashi's family are at first, reluctant but then immediately after a few weeks, Bobby's family comes with a marriage proposal for Ashi. As the two families meet, greet and agree for the preparations of the soon-to-be marriage, Bobby's mother (Beena Banerjee) introduces herself as the BANK manager of the Bank in which ASHI's father (Kailashnath) is involved in a fraud/embezzlement, Bank robbery case for which a trial is on-going. In the coming months before the wedding takes place, Kailashnath is summoned to appear before the Court in relation to a major fraud case and scandal involving the Bank robbery - in which Bobby's mother testifies that Kailashnath is one of the ringleaders. When the story gets this far, Kailashnath immediately and furiously cancels his daughter Ashi's marriage to Bobby. Furthermore, he arranges Ashi's marriage to Rohit. After a whole other twist to the film, the story ends up happily with Ashi marrying her soulmate BOBBY, not ROHIT.
Arike (അരികെ)	Malayalam	romance	Shyamaprasad	The film tells the story of Shanthanu (Dileep), a researcher in linguistics, and his two friends, Kalpana (Samvritha) and Anuradha (Mamtha). Anuradha is the sensitive type who has gone through certain bitter experiences in her teenage years, when her cousin approached her with love, which she later realised was just his lust for her. Kalpana is slightly capricious and loves being in love. Anuradha wants to play Cupid and bring Shanthanu and Kalpana together; she knows that they care a lot for each other, but for some reason or other are hesitant to take the next step. Kalpana's parents are against her marrying Shanthanu and they try to bring proposals from their own (Brahmin) community. At one point Kalpana's aunt tricks her into meeting a guy, Sanjay, whom they hope Kalpana will like and get married to. While they travel with Sanjay in his car, they meet with an accident, which causes some scars on Kalpana's face and gave her a disfigured toe. After the accident Kalpana backs out from the relationship with Shanthanu and gives in to her parents' wishes to marry Sanjay. Anuradha feels very bad for Shanthanu and tries to console him. It is then that Shanthanu realizes that Kalpana had actually not loved him at all. Though his actual love was near him, so close, he failed to recognise it (Where the name of this film gets significance).
Amar Praner Priya	Bangladeshi	romance	Jakir Hossain Raju	Prem (Shakib Khan) always helps a lot of people, specially cases with love trouble. That's why people named him LOVE GURU. But he does not love any girl, then he accidentally meets Priyanka (Mim) and falls in love with her. Initially, Priyanka does not reciprocate Prem's feeling because Prem is a son of a very rich businessman. Priyanka does not like rich people. But when Prem proves in many ways that his love for her is pure and very real, Priyanka could not refuse him. When they slowly start dating, Priyanka's brother, (Misa Shawdagar) becomes an obstacle between them. Priyanka's brother considers Prem as an enemy since his mother was killed by Prem in a road accident. It was just an accident, but her brother convinces Priyanka that it was all intentional. Priyanka misunderstands Prem and tries to take revenge. But one day Priyanka realizes her mistake in accusing Prem, he is innocent and her brother is the main culprit who is coming between their relationship. Then she calls Prem and clears their misunderstanding. So heroically Prem comes and takes his bride away from her evil and conspicuous brother.
Josh (2010 film)	Bengali	romance	Rabi Kinagi	Indra (Jeet) and Rajib (Anshuman) are the thickest of friends studying in the same college. When Indra comes to the city to visit Rajib, Indra notices Rajib's sister, Anuradha (Srabanti Chatterjee), and is attracted to her instantly. When Rajib visits his home village, Indra visits along with him. Anu, who returns from Singapore, is impressed by Indra, who continually impresses her, based on her tastes. He gets along well with Rajib's and Anu's family, in the meanwhile convinces them that he would make a prospective groom for Anu. Anu's family, mainly her brother and cousin, are involved in regional gangs in their village. When Anu takes out Indra to the temple for a visit, without the knowledge of their brother (Tapas Paul), Anu is then attacked by Rudra's brother Nikhil (Bharat Kaul) gets hold of Anu and threatens to kill Anu. In a swift action of bravery and skill, Indra knocks down Rudra's brother. After this incident, Anu's brother, gives Indra a talk about why things are so violent in the village. He explains how he is a master's degree holder from a prestigious university (Pune) and how his wife is also a master's degree holder in integrated mathematics. Unfortunately, due the nature of the villages, the rivalry is deadly and fatal. He ultimately says, even though the villages are violent, he will remain a noble person, with high ideals. After a few days though, in the most ungrateful manner and a show cowardice, the rival gang fights with fierce brutality, and the rival gang leader Rudra (Puneet Issar) murders Rajib's entire family, except Anu. Indra makes the promise to Anu's brother that he will take up the responsibility of Anu and that he will eventually marry her. In the process, he also becomes a rival of Rudra as he kills his younger brother Nikhil to protect Anu. After the tragedy, Indra and Anu head back to Kolkata city to attend Indra's sister's marriage. The movie shows the jovial aspects of the marriage ceremonies. At the end of the marriage, an uncle of Indra insults Anu and tells her to leave him and bribes her money to leave. Indra turns furious to his uncle and promised that he will marry Anu, whatever may come. Just as Anu and Indra go out to eat, the original rival gang of Rudra returns and Indra, in a fit of deep rage and anger, beats all the rival gang members, chases them down a few miles. Realizing he left Anu behind, he goes back to find she is gone and then instantly becomes deeply dejected and despondent. This is when his father asks him to tell him what happened. The story he tells his father is the story that is written above.The rest of the film deals with how Indra saves Anu and takes revenge from the goons.
Vasantham Vanthachu	Tamil	romance	K. Viveka Bharathi	Kumaresan (Venkat Prabhu) is a milk vendor in his village, who hates the marriage and stays away from women. His elderly father (Velu Thigal) wants him to get married as soon as possible, but the Kumaresan stubbornly refuses to get married. During the college holidays, the city girl Gayathri (Nanditha Jennifer) comes to stay with her grandparents Chettiar (Shanmugasundaram) and Meenakshi (Varalakshmi). After initial clashes between Kumaresan and Gayathri, Gayathri is intrigued by its refusal to get married. In the past, Kumaresan's brother got secretly married with a woman from a rich family. Kumaresan's family welcomed him and were happy for them. The young Kumaresan clashed with his sister-in-law, therefore the young couple left their home. Kumaresan fell sick after the departure of the couple, then Kumaresan and his father begged Kumaresan's brother to call on their mother (Sabitha Anand) but his sister-in-law refused to let him go. Before she died, Kumaresan's mother Chellamma asked Kumaresan to not be like his brother and to stay with his father. That day, Kumaresan took the decision of remaining single. Meanwhile, Gayathri falls in love with Kumaresan. Gayathri then tied the mangala sutra to herself and lied to the villagers that Kumaresan is the one who tied the knot. Gayathri's grandparents and Kumaresan's father agree for their marriage. Kumaresan doesn't want to live with her, so he tries several ways to drive Gayathri out of his house. Afterwards, the village doctor Rajasekhar (Ramji), who knows about the matter, establishes the truth at the village court and the couple split up. Gayathri then goes to back to her parents. Kumaresan, who felt alone, realises that he was in love with Gayathri but it was too late. The film ends with Gayathri returning to his home and they immediately get married.
Bujjigaadu	Telugu	romance	Puri Jagannadh	Bujji (Prabhas) and Chitti (Trisha Krishnan) are inseparable childhood friends. One day while they are playing, Chitti gets angry as her sand castle was destroyed by Bujji. She scolds him and tells him to go away from her and never to meet her again. When he pleads her, she asks him to prove his sincerity by staying away from her for twelve years and promises to marry him if he does so. Though devastated, Bujji reluctantly agrees to stay away from her and moves to Chennai to keep a distance. Meanwhile, Chitti's family moves to Hyderabad, cutting all ties from Bujji's family. Bujji grows up in Chennai and becomes a hooligan though he preserves his soft nature and his love for Chitti. After 12 years he comes back to meet Chitti but caught up in a small brawl and ends up in jail. There he meets the sons of Machi Reddy (Kota Srinivasa Rao) and they offer him one crore to finish off Sivanna (Mohan Babu). Bujji thinks that he could save money for his married life and agrees.But when Bujji tries to kill Sivanna, he is injured. Sivanna gets impressed with his innocence and purity and asks him to stay with him for a while. He stays there on the name of Rajinikanth, Bujji's favorite actor. Later Bujji meets Meghana, real name of Chitti(Trisha Krishnan), sister of Sivanna and unable to recognize her as Chitti. After few events, Bujji at last comes to know that Meghana was Chitti and tries to reveal that to Meghana. But Sivanna stops him saying that Meghana would only stay with him till she finds Bujji as she actually hates her brother, since he was responsible for his wife's death. When Machi Reddy learns that he is part of Sivanna's gang, his son shoots Chitti and kidnaps Sanjana, and says to switch her for Sivanna . Chitti sends Bujji to save Sivanna.Bujji thrashes the goons and kill all.Chitti gets saved and reunites with Bujji and lives with Sivanna.
Jamna Pyari	Malayalam	romance	Thomas Sebastian	The story begins with Vasu (Sijoy Varghese), father of Vasoottan (Kunchacko Boban) rescuing people from a bus which had fallen from a bridge in to a flooded river. During the rescue, Vasu drowns in front of the onlookers including his friend Prakashan (Joy Mathew), his wife and his child while trying to rescue a kid. Then the story moves over to Vasoottan (Kunchacko Boban) who is an Auto-Rickshaw driver, who is a very helpful person possessing many good qualities like his father. He helps anyone who is in need. Sabu (Suraj Venjarammoodu) is Vasoottan's friend, who was a one time goon and got reformed due to Vasoottan's influence. Vasoottan helps Sabu to marry Vinitha (Muthumani),his love interest. One day a girl named Parvathy (Gayathri Suresh) hires his auto to go to the Wadakkanchery Railway station. As the train was about to depart, she asks Vasoottan to take her to the Taxi stand. Agreeing, he drops Parvathy at the Railway station, which turns out to be an adventurous journey. She thanks him and leaves. After a few days Prakashan's son informs that a girl had come to their studio and had inquired about Vasoottan and also about the accident that took place long back in which Vasoottan had lost his Father. Vasoottan's friend Sabu speculates that it was Parvathy. Later, Vasoottan receives a call from Parvathy and she asks him to come to her house in order to meet her Father. Sabu and Prakashettan make a bet stating that Parvathy loves Vasoottan and had called him in order to fix their marriage. Vasoottan goes to her house and gets to know that they had called him to seek his help to deliver 100 Jamnapyari goats to a foreign firm. Parvathy's Father (Maniyan Pilla Raju) and Mother (Anju Aravind) pleads Vasoottan for his help and he agrees to help them to deliver the Jamna Pyari goats on time (within a period of 12 days). Sridharan (Renji Panicker) is Parvathy's Father's rival and he tries all ways to get their business to fail with his money and muscle power. At first Vasoottan arranges 10 Jamna Pyaris from local,from where he gets Tony Kurishinkal as new to his team. Then they started giving advertisements in print, audio as well visual and e-medias. They received vide responses for the ads and finally they manages to reach the target. After too many complication, Vasoottan succeed in his target and he and Parvathy gets their love succeed at the end
Mon Amour: Shesher Kobita Revisited	Bengali	romance	Shubhrajit Mitra	Mon Amour: Shesher Kobita Revisited is an imaginary take-off of an ordinary love triangle with a touch of Shesher Kobita. Amit is Rajarshi (Saheb Chatterjee), an internationally celebrated film director who is about to make a film called Mon Amour, to be produced by a French production house, a relocation of Tagore’s novel to contemporary Kolkata. He comes to Kolkata from London on a brief sabbatical. Lavanya has two identities in this film. She is called Brishti (Rituparna Sengupta), who teaches literature in high school in her real persona, and Tilottama in Rajarshi’s imaginary world of dreams, nightmares and memories. Shovanlal is called Indrajeet (Tota Roychoudhury), an industrialist who Brishti married on the rebound when she felt Rajarshi had ditched her to go to London to study filmmaking. The three meet in Rajarshi’s rented apartment in Kolkata, where he has come purportedly to scout for his new film but, in reality, to rediscover his past with Brishti, his present with Tilottama, and his friendship with Indrajeet.
Prem Mhanje Prem Mhanje Prem Asta	Marathi	romance	Mrinal Kulkarni	The movie is a heart-warming story of two different individuals who at one point in their lives were married. A single mother along with her two daughters live with her mother-in-law. Her husband had abandoned them 4 years ago, but staying in the same city had never bothered to check on his family. The only thing he did in those 4 years was to send divorce papers, which his wife has not signed. Other side of the story revolves around a doctor who is a father to two kids. His ex-wife had to choose between staying home with family or career in USA and she chose career. But she never let the divorce hamper the relation she shares with her ex-husband. But this incident had definitely made her ex-husband depressed and alone. One eventful day at their kids school gets them together and a conversation begins, which blooms into something amazing. Until there is a twist in the tale.
Forsaking All Others	American	romance	W. S. Van Dyke	Ever since Jeff Williams (Clark Gable) was a child, he has been in love with Mary Clay (Joan Crawford). Returning from Madrid, Spain, he wants to propose to her firsthand. However, he comes to a halt, as he finds out that she is being married to Dillon 'Dill' Todd (Robert Montgomery) the very next day. The three had been friends since childhood, but no one besides the butler realized Jeff's feelings. So instead, he wishes all the best for the couple. However, the next day, Dill doesn't show up to the altar, as it turns out that the night before the wedding, he ran off and married Connie Barnes (Frances Drake), a woman with whom he had had an affair in Europe some months before. Mary quickly gets out of her wedding dress and projects strength instead of fainting. Although what Dill did to Mary was terrible, she still has a soft spot for him. Jeff and Mary are invited to a party at Dill and Connie's house, and the two decide to attend in order to cause some havoc and shock the newlywed couple. While the tension between Mary and Connie is palpable, Dill is shocked to see Mary. Dill and Mary share a romantic moment outside, and Connie awkwardly walks in on them. Jeff tries to smooth the situation over, but Connie remains furious. Later, Dill calls Mary and Jeff finds out they intend to see each other. Mary knows she should not go, but the two go up to Aunt Paula's (Billie Burke) country house in Phoenicia, New York. The two share a romantic day, and they profess their love for each other. Dill calls his butler to tell him to pick them up tomorrow morning, but Connie overhears and sets off for Phoenicia. Aunt Paula also realizes the two are at her house, and goes there with Jeff in order to prevent the scandal from getting worse. In fact, the night previously, Dill accidentally burned himself, and the two did not sleep together. As Connie arrives, Jeff and Mary pretend to be a couple, but Connie does not buy it. She wants to punish Dill for his perceived unfaithfulness, while Aunt Paula wants to avoid scandal. Connie accepts a lucrative settlement and leaves for Europe, thus leaving Dill free to marry Mary. Right before the ceremony, Jeff proclaims his love for Mary and tells her that he is leaving on a boat back to Spain. When the butler, Shep (Charles Butterworth), tells her the cornflowers sent to her last wedding were from Jeff and not Dill, Mary realizes she loves Jeff instead. She breaks off her marriage with Dill and joins Jeff on the boat—when Dill arrives at the wharf, the ship has already sailed.
Sadiyaan	Bollywood	romance	Raj Kanwar	During the 1947 partition, the Lahore based family of Rajveer (Rishi Kapoor) and Amrit (Rekha) has to flee Pakistan and settle in Amritsar, Punjab. In the house that they get to stay, Amrit finds an abandoned baby boy of the Muslim family who owned the house but fled to Pakistan because of communal riots. Amrit raises the boy as her own and he grows up to be Ishaan (Luv Sinha). During a summer camp visit to Kashmir, Ishaan falls in love with Chandni (Ferena Wazeir). When he goes to her house to ask her hand in marriage, her father (Deep Dhillon) and uncle (Ahmed Khan) tell him to forget her as they are against her marrying a Sikh boy. When Amrit and Rajveer come to know about this they finally declare the truth to Ishaan that he is a Muslim in reality and not their own child. He doesn't believe them and Chandni's parents refuse to believe it without proof. The old couple then decide to track Ishaan's real parents down and also succeed. Ishaan's real mother, Benazir (Hema Malini) comes down with his real father (Javed Sheikh) to take back custody of a now grown up Ishaan. Chandni's parents immediately agree to the marriage when Ishaan's real parents visit their house. What complications arise when Ishaan's parents start making plans to take back Ishaan and his bride back to Pakistan and how they are handled by the principal characters forms the rest of the plot.
Sirf Tum	Bollywood	romance	Agathiyan	This is a strange one-of-a-kind story between two pen pals who eventually fall in love – with each other! Deepak Rai (Sanjay Kapoor) comes across a purse that contains educational certificates belonging to a woman named Aarti (Priya Gill). He finds out that this lady lives in Nainital and mails her stuff back to her, this starts an enduring correspondence through letters. Even though the couple have never seen each other, there is a mutual attraction. Aarti's sister and brother-in-law Nirmal (Tej Sapru) are encouraging to a certain extent. While Nirmal suggests she marry a Mr. Prem (Salman Khan), a renowned young businessman in his neighborhood and business-partner, Aarti's older sis wants Aarti to choose her own life partner. One day, Aarti starts out on her journey to locate and meet Deepak without informing him that she is on her way. He is currently living in Delhi as he has a job contract with his boss Neha there temporarily. Not helping matters is Neha (Sushmita Sen), who is Deepak's boss and romantically inclined to him too, but Deepak is not. His heart pines for Aarti. During the correspondence, a few months back, Aarti had gifted Deepak a woolen sweater with an image of a lighted diya knitted over it. When Aarti arrives at Delhi, she looks for Deepak's address and workplace hoping she can meet him unaware and surprise him with her presence and see what he is really like. She fails to find Deepak and decides to go back because a week had passed and time was running out. She might not get a chance to come and meet him again. Sadly, she reaches the train station to return home. Fortunately, and co-incidentally, Deepak is at the railway station too! While they meet for a brief period at the station, they sip some tea and coffee and someone mistakenly spills coffee over Deepak's shirt. Deepak removes his shirt revealing the woolen sweater beneath. Aarti recognizes it, and her affection for him grows, bonds with him and she plans to meet him next time. The next time, Deepak is the one who comes to meet her and her family, who accept him and then they are finally engaged and then married and live happily ever after.
Patham Adhyayam ( പത്താമദ്ധ്യായം )	Malayalam	romance	P. K. Radhakrishnan	Achu (Bala), son of Kumaran Asaari (Murali) is a carpenter and a sculptor. He is assigned the task of sculpting the new devi idol for the temple in his village which is under renovation. The temple belongs to Poomuttam tharavadu, headed by the Karanavar (Madhu). Karanavar's daughter is a childhood friend of Achu and when she comes from US for this occasion, they fall in love.
Yuvaraju	Telugu	romance	Y. V. S. Chowdary	Srinivas (Mahesh Babu) just returns to India and joins a college in Hyderabad. There he meets his classmate Srivalli (Sakshi Shivanand), a young beautiful girl with whom he falls in love. Srivalli has a childhood friend, Vamsi (Venkat) in abroad whom she regards as her best friend and keeps him close to her heart as when a plane crashed 20 years back these two are the only survivors of the tragedy. Finally Srinivas and Srivalli comes to know that they are in love with each other. They break the news followed by a lavish engagement ceremony. For the placid viewers then comes the excitement in the form of Srilata (Simran) who arrives in nick of time to attend the engagement. Srivalli comes to know that Srinivas and Srilata know each other since they met in abroad few years ago, from the brief observation at her engagement ceremony. The rest of the story is about who is Srilatha and what happens to Srinivas' love.
Nenapirali	Kannada	romance	Ratnaja	The film begins by introducing Ekanth (Naveen Krishna), the only son of a rich industrialist Sundar Raj (Anant Nag). He lives in Bangalore and manages his father's business which keeps him extremely busy. Ekanth is in love with an introverted girl, Indushree (Vidhya Venkatesh), from Mysore, who feels that Ekanth is not interested in her and is not serious about marrying her. In order to test his intentions, Indu decides to lie to Ekanth that her parents are looking for suitable grooms to arrange her marriage. She mentions that her parents would prefer that she marry someone from a political background. Now Ekanth gets slightly worried by the turn of events and hatches a scheme to convince Indu's parents for their marriage. Enter Kishore (Prem Kumar), Ekanth's best friend, who Ekanth instructs to pretend being in love with Indu. Kishore is a middle class simple boy who is very good at heart and agrees to Ekanth's request only to help his friend's love succeed. Reluctantly, Indu too agrees to participate in the false show of being in a relationship with Kishore. Since Indu's parents would disagree to Indu and Kishore's relationship (due to the societal differences), Ekanth thinks that his marriage proposal will be readily accepted in comparison to Kishore. Everything goes as per planned. However, Indu starts developing feelings towards Kishore while spending time with him. When she pours her heart out to Kishore, he immediately hastens conversations about Ekanth and Indu's marriage and eventually with everyone's consent, Indu and Ekanth get married. After Ekanth's marriage, Kishore, his mother and sister move to Mangalore to manage one of Ekanth's industry branches located there. Bindu (Varsha) is Indu's sister who has just graduated and would like to gain some work experience. She requests her brother-in-law, Ekanth for a short stint at one of his industry locations and he recommends that she work alongside Kishore in Mangalore. Bindu moves to Mangalore and as days go by, Kishore and Bindu start enjoying each other's company and eventually fall in love with each other. Suddenly one day, Ekanth meets with a car accident and passes away. Deeply saddened by the turn of events and his widowed daughter-in-law, Sundar Raj (Eknath's father) wants Indu to remarry. Upon her family's persuasion and a meeting with Kishore after a long time, the flames of love for Kishore are reignited in Indu's heart and she insists that she will only remarry if it is going to be with Kishore. Bindu is tasked with gaining everyone's acceptance, including Kishore's. Heartbroken Bindu sets out on her mission and is ready to make the sacrifice for her sister's happiness. However, Kishore is very upset and tries as much as he can to dissuade Indu but to no avail. Indu expresses her love and interest in him once again, which Kishore refuses to accept. The climax of the movie is one that leaves audience happy, with Kishore and Bindu ultimately triumphing with their love. Indu isn't greatly pleased by this but accepts her destiny.
Akaash Vani	Bollywood	romance	Luv Ranjan	Akaash (Kartik Aaryan) is a bold and fun loving young man, while Vani (Nushrat Bharucha) is a conservative but friendly girl. They are both accepted in the same college in Delhi, and after a series of adventures, soon become friends, forming part of a group of four. Akaash and Vani eventually fall in love and embark on a four-year relationship, which is kept secret from Vani's traditional parents. As their final year comes to an end, Akaash decides to go to the UK for his further studies. Vani returns to her home town of Dehradun to attend her sister's wedding, after which she plans to study for an M.B.A. She tells her sister about her relationship with Akaash, but her sister reacts negatively, saying that their parents would not approve. The next day, amidst the wedding preparation, Vani finds out that her sister has eloped with another man, who she was in love with but was not accepted by her parents. Vani's parents are heartbroken and have to endure the shame of their neighbors and community. In the fear of society's response, they decide to get Vani married to the son of an acquaintance. Pressured by her parents and feeling guilt over her sister's actions, Vani reluctantly agrees. She emotionally ends things with Akaash via a phone call and requests him not to try and meet her. Akaash is devastated but slowly becomes bitter and detached with time. Vani's husband Ravi (Sunny Nijar) is an arrogant, controlling man who forcefully has sex with her every night. One night he comes home from office, removes vani clothes and has sex with her. Ravi is emotionally abusive and expects Vani to cater to his every need, but pretends to be a perfect husband in front of friends and family. He prevents her from going out, working or furthering her studies, and expects her to be a full-time housewife. After an argument, Vani returns home and reveals her unhappiness to her parents. However, they send her back to Ravi after he charms them, and ask him to consider starting a family in order to occupy Vani's time. Months go by; Vani slowly begins losing self-confidence and becomes resigned to her fate. One day, Vani's aunt and uncle unexpectedly come to visit her and suggest that she go back with them for several days to Delhi, in order to attend her college reunion. Ravi is unhappy but agrees, since he will also be away for some time on a business trip. At the college, Vani reunites with her friends, who find her to be reserved and depressed. She also comes across Akaash, who is still bitter and hurt about their break up. He angrily confronts her and she runs away, deciding to return home that night. Her friends meet her at the train station and Akaash finally breaks down and cries, something which he has not allowed himself to do previously. Vani decides to stay. The group spend the week together, during which time they have fun and re-live their college memories. Vani and Akaash also have romance and share a kiss. Vani tells Akaash the truth about her marriage, but says that she cannot divorce Ravi because her parents won't be able to handle it, especially after her sister eloped. Akaash tells his friend that he hopes to reunite with Vani and plans to fill her days with adventures and happiness. He hopes that this will raise her spirits and give her the courage to leave Ravi. The group travel to Chandigarh where Akaash and Vani spend time alone together and rekindle their romance. The trip is cut short by a phone call from Vani's parents, requesting her to visit them. Conflicted, Vani chooses to return home and emotionally leaves her friends and Akaash behind. Akaash decides that he can't lose Vani once again and the group follows Vani to her home. They stay happily with Vani's parents until Ravi arrives there, too. Akaash observes the way Vani assumes the role of a subservient wife and how she is ill-treated by her husband. That night, Vani finally realizes that she can no longer live with a man who cannot respect her. In front of Ravi and her friends, she reveals the truth to her parents about the rape and emotional abuse, and says that she wants a divorce. They are stunned and try to reason with her but she stands her ground. An argument breaks out and she slaps Ravi, after which he moves to hit her, only to be stopped by Akaash. Ravi realizes that the two are in love and insults Vani's parents. Vani's parents are embarrassed but she defiantly tells them that her happiness is more important than their shame, and leave the house. Vani returns to Delhi with her friends, where she is able to finally further her studies and get her M.B.A. degree. She happily divorces Ravi and later marries Akaash.
Jhootha Hi Sahi	Bollywood	romance	Abbas Tyrewala	Siddharth Sid (John Abraham) works in a bookstore in London named Kagaz Ke Phool with his Pakistani friend Omar (Raghu Ram). His girlfriend Krutika (Manasi Scott) never leaves a chance to dominate him and he is so fed up. The twist comes when Sid starts getting calls from people who are attempting suicide as his number was mistakenly printed on fliers of a suicide helpline ,and later on he takes on the phone counselling job. One night, he gets a call from a beautiful and lonely sad Mishka (Pakhi Tyrewala) who has had a bad relationship with her ex bf Kabir, and is on the verge of taking her life. Mishka discloses her suicidal feelings and then they become phone friends.However, as a rule , Sid must keep his phone identity hidden so Mishka starts calling him Fidato. As coincidence, Mishka comes to Sid's bookstore to but some books , and Sid falls in love with her but wants to hide his Fidato identity so Sid pretends he has a stammer. Mishka befriends Sid not knowing that he is Fidato, her phone friend-counselor. Then Sid and Mishka get closer and bond closely where Sid takes the unique opportunity to impress her by telling her all the things which she used to confide in her phone friend Fidato. One day, Fidato mentions Kabir by name by mistake whereas Mishka had only mentioned Kabir name to Sid, not Fidato. things patch up. However, another twist arises when one fine day, Kabir (ex-boyfriend of Mishka) springs up and apologise to Mishka, and when Mishka ignores him telling him she is with Sid, he becomes suicidal. When Mishka sees Kabir has true love for her, she can't bear the separation any longer and they get closer much to Sid's disappoinment as he had fallen in love with Mishka. The final straw comes in when Mishka's neighbor is suicidal takes poison and calls Fidato help line , and Fidato recognized that it is Mishka's neighbor and immediately calls Mishka in the middle of the night to call 999. Later on, on the London Bridge, Sid and Mishka finally end their differences and the film ends on a happy note when sid any how went one side from another to take the last chance provided by Mishka although the bridge gates were closed. At the end they two hug each other & the movie ends with a slow romantic song in the background.
Wives and Lovers	American	romance	John Rich	Husband and wife Bill and Bertie Austin and their daughter live in a low-rent apartment. He's a struggling writer, at least until agent Lucinda Ford breaks the news that she's sold his book to a publisher, including the rights to turn it into a Broadway play. A new house in Connecticut is the first way to celebrate. But during the long hours Bill is away working on the play, Bertie befriends hard-drinking neighbor Fran Cabrell and her boyfriend Wylie, who plant seeds of suspicion in Bertie's mind that Bill and his beautiful agent might be more than just business partners. Bertie jealously retaliates by flirting with Gar Aldrich, an actor who will be in her husband's play. Bill goes to Connecticut for a heart-to-heart talk, finds Gar there and punches him. But when the play's a success, Bill and Bertie decide to give married life one more try.
Premachi Goshta	Marathi	romance	Satish Rajwade	The story of the film is of two strangers, Ram (Atul Kulkarni) and Sonal (Sagarika Ghatge), who meet at the marriage counselor's office, start talking with each other and get to know each other. Ram is in the office trying to maintain his marriage with Ragini, who is an aspiring actress. Ram believes that she would return to him. Whereas Sonal has lost all faith in marriage and is here to get divorced from Samit. They both meet again in very strange situation. Sonal was trying to get a job and come to Ram's office without knowing that she'll be interviewed by Ram himself. Eventually Sonal gets a job as ram's associate. Sonal develops feelings for Ram. but Ram, the man with values, still hopes that his wife will return. After reading Ram's story about Love, Sonal suggests Ram that he should tell his story to producers because anybody would fall in Love after reading his story. He does that and eventually he gets the offer from a producer because producer likes the story very much. Just when Ram was about to propose Sonal, her husband came into picture and Ram starts staying away from Sonal. At the same time, Ram's wife realizes her mistake of leaving Ram, comes back to his life, but Ram is now deeply in love with Sonal. They both face very difficult phase as they realize they can't confess their love due to their mutual misunderstanding. Finally, Ram's wife realize that Ram is no longer into her and he loves Sonal instead, she tells Ram to go to Sonal and confess his feelings. At the same time, Sonal realizes that her husband is good for nothing and decides to come back to Ram. After so much hustle, they both meet at the office again and confess their true feelings and here ends the tale of a simple yet beautiful love story between Ram and Sonal.
Before Sunrise	American	romance	Richard Linklater	The film starts on June 16, 1994 with Jesse meeting Céline on a train from Budapest and striking up a conversation with her. Jesse is going to Vienna to catch a flight back to the United States, whereas Céline is returning to university in Paris after visiting her grandmother. When they reach Vienna, Jesse convinces Céline to disembark with him, saying that 10 or 20 years down the road, she might not be happy with her marriage and might wonder how her life would have been different if she had picked another guy, and this is a chance to realize that he himself is not that different from the rest; in his words, he is the same boring, unmotivated guy. Jesse has to catch a flight early in the morning and does not have enough money to rent a room for the night, so they decide to roam around in Vienna. After visiting a few landmarks in Vienna, they share a kiss at the top of the Wiener Riesenrad at sunset and start to feel a romantic connection. As they continue to roam around the city, they begin to talk more openly with each other, with conversations ranging from topics about love, life, religion, and their observations of the city. Céline tells Jesse that her last boyfriend broke up with her six months ago, claiming that she loved him too much. When questioned, Jesse reveals he had initially come to Europe to spend time with his girlfriend who was studying in Madrid, but they had broken up when she was avoiding him while he was there. He decided to take a cheap flight home, via Vienna, but it did not leave for two weeks so he bought a Eurail pass and traveled around Europe. When they are walking alongside the Donaukanal (Danube canal) they are approached by a man who, instead of begging, offers to write them a poem with a word of their choice in it. Jesse and Céline decide on the word milkshake, and are soon presented with the poem Delusion Angel (written for the film by the poet David Jewell). In a traditional Viennese café, Jesse and Céline stage fake phone conversations with each other, playing each other's friends they pretend to call. Céline reveals that she was ready to get off the train with Jesse before he convinced her. Jesse reveals that after he broke up with his girlfriend, he bought a flight that really was not much cheaper, and all he really wanted was an escape from his life. They admit their attraction to each other and how the night has made them feel, though they understand that they probably will not see each other again when they leave. They simply decide to make the best of what time they have left, ending the night with the implication of a sexual encounter between them. At that point, Jesse explains that if given the choice, he would marry her instead of never seeing her again. The film ends the next day at the train station, where, just as Céline's train is about to leave, the couple decides not to exchange any contact information but instead to meet at the same place in six months.
Azhagiya Pandipuram	Tamil	romance	N. Rayan	Madhavan (Elango Nagarajah), a young man, lives with his joint family : parents (Manobala and Fathima Babu), brother (Sriman) and sister-in-law (Yuvarani). His family has a feud with their opposite house family (M. S. Bhaskar, Subbu Panchu Arunachalam, Meera Krishnan and Devadarshini). Pambukutty's daughter Deepika (Anjana Keerthi) was into a boarding school in Ooty for 10 years, where she completes her education and comes back to her native. Deepika's family decide to get her married off while Keeripulla also wants his son to get married. Soon, Madhavan and Deepika fall in love with each other. What transpires next forms the rest of the story.
Aap Ki Kasam	Bollywood	romance	J. Om Prakash	Kamal Bhatnagar (Rajesh Khanna) is a jealous husband who begins to doubt the fidelity of his wife Sunita (Mumtaz), when his best friend Mohan (Sanjeev Kumar) enters their lives. Sunita is unable to convince Kamal that she loves only him. He leaves her, not knowing that she is pregnant with his child. Depressed and confused, Kamal becomes a homeless wanderer, while Sunita remarries to provide a secure home for her child. Many years later, the truth dawns on him as he turns up, a broken man, at his own daughter's wedding.
Nuvvila	Telugu	romance	Ravi Babu	A disillusioned student Anand (Ajay), a wannabe model Mahesh (Havish) and a prospective violinist Raju (Prasad Barve) have one thing in common. All three of them work at Pizza Express as a stop-gap arrangement in the pursuit of their dreams. When one pizza delivery changes hands between them, three love stories are born. Anand makes a pizza delivery to Archana (Yami Gautam), who turns out to be his neighbour and falls in love with her. Mahesh goes to break up with his girlfriend Madhavi (Sarayu) and becomes the object of love of a gay man (Haleem Khan). Raju goes for a violin audition and bumps into the hate of his life Rani (Remya Nambeesan) and life gets out of hand for him. Love for Archana lands Anand in trouble when he learns that she was in love with a famous cricketer Vishnu (Vijay Deverakonda). Trouble compounds for him when Vishnu dies and Archana was pregnant with his child. Anand shelters Archana at the cost of being thrown out of his own home. The gay man torments Mahesh and it comes to a point that based on circumstantial evidence Mahesh’s parents are convinced that their son was gay. Frustration peaks in Mahesh’s life when the gay man wants to marry Mahesh and his parents give their consent. The story is further complicated by the appearance of the gay man’s former lover (Chakravarthy) who wanted to sacrifice his love and get Mahesh married to his former gay lover. An even stranger set of circumstances keep leading Raju and Rani into each other. To avoid arrest and subsequent jail they are forced to marry each other only to be divorced soon. But in their brief time together they fall in love and get divorced much against their true feeling for each other. In the end Anand and Archana are accepted as a couple by Anand’s parents, Mahesh and Madhavi get back together and Raju and Rani form a formidable team and get their own TV show.
Pravarakhyudu	Telugu	romance	Madan	Sasi (Jagapathi Babu), a professor of biology at Harvard University of the US, makes a comeback to his native place. He makes an attempt to settle in life for which he prompts a couple of alliances. But, they don't fit into his mindset. His friend Ravi (Sunil) brings out a logic that Sasi is still not able to forget his classmate Sailaja (Priyamani). The hero goes nostalgic about his college days. A decade ago… Sasi and Sailaja were classmates in a college. Packs of guys were after Sailaja, the college beauty. Sailaja loves him, but Sasi’s ideology about love irritates Sailaja a lot and she is averse to his philosophy. Failing completely in wooing the modern Pravarakhyudu, Sailaja gives up the idea and go her way. Sasi realizes that Sailaja works as a principal in a women’s college and she is unmarried too. Afresh, Sasi enters a college as a lecturer in biology, in the principal. The rest of the story is all about how Sasi makes Sailaja fall in love with him again.
Kalavaramaye Madilo	Telugu	romance	Satish Kasetty	The film revolves around a girl (Swati Reddy) who is very ambitious and wants to sing under the music direction of A. R. Rahman. Her mother (Delhi Rajeswari) is not a fan of music, while Swati is. So she secretly works at a restaurant as a live singer and (Kamal Kamaraju) is a regular customer there. One day she receives negative criticism from a depressed classical musician (Vikram Gokhale). It is revealed that he was once a celebrated musician but remained poor due to lack of tactics in staying famous. He has a friend and assistant (Tanikella Bharani) who tries to keep him happy and healthy through his otherwise illness and poverty. In a turn of events, Swati happens to come to Vikram Gokhale to learn classical music. Though he refuses in the beginning to teach her, her determination and Tanikella Bharani's persistence make him agree. A quick learner, she happens to soon work on her skills and gain the affection of her teacher. All along, she has kept this a secret from her mother. On one day, an old photograph reveals to Swati and the audience that Vikram Gokhale and Delhi Rajeswari was a couple and Swati is their daughter. It is then revealed by Tanikella Bharani that Rajeswari moved far from her husband as he has nothing but love for music and the love alone can not take care of the financial needs of the family. The rest of the movie is all about Swati determining to bring her parents together, while cozying up to Kamal Kamaraju, now a close friend to her. She participates in a music competition along with other singers like (Sri Krishna). Before she sings on the dais, she pleads emotionally. Though she sings flawlessly, she is disqualified under the norms that prevent participants from emotionally manipulating the audience. However, music director (Koti) who is the chief guest to that competition makes an announcement that he has just received a call from A.R.Rehman and that he wants to make Swati sing in his next film, making her dreams true. Swati's parents unite to give a happy ending to the story.[1]
Ishtam	Telugu	romance	Vikram Kumar	Karthik (Charan), hailing from a rich family, is quite inept in his academics. Neha (Shriya) is Subbu's (Chandra Mohan) daughter and she's motherless. Karthik is the senior of Neha in the college and rags her quite a bit. When Karthik's mother Lakshmi (Poonam Dhillon) meets with an accident, Neha rescues and admits her in a hospital. Overtime Lakshmi and Neha become friends and Neha falls in love with Karthik. But when Subbu proposes to get Karthik and Neha married, Lakshmi refuses. The film is about why Lakshmi doesn't accept for the marriage, who initially wanted Neha to get married to Karthik.
Srirastu Subhamastu	Telugu	romance	Parasuram	Sirish (Allu Sirish) falls in love with Ananya / Anu (Lavanya Tripathi). He goes to her as a common man where he says that he lost his purse and says that she has to help him get his identity, as when he was beating goons for his purse Anu stops him. One day Anu's friend finds his purse in his back-pack. Sirish reveals to her friend that he is rich and his dad (Prakash Raj) said that if Anu fell in love with Sirish without knowing he's rich they would get married. But if she didn't, he would marry a girl of his father's choice. Soon Anu falls in love with Sirish and when she's about to propose, her father (Rao Ramesh) says that her Godfather (Tanikella Bharani) and Godmother (Pragathi) would wish that Anu would marry their son Arun. Not wanting to hurt their feelings she accepts. Then Sirish goes to Anu's home in a village to make Anu confess her feelings to him and choose to marry Srish with the help of Shyam Sundar (Ali), a marriage broker. And then finally Anu's dad comes to know about Sirish's love and asks him whether his family can take good care of Anu. Sirish realizes even if he marries Anu, she would be treated like an outsider like his sister-in-law and Sirish tells his father about the talk with Anu's Dad. Sirish's father talks to Anu's father and tells them about Sirish's real identity and promises that he changed and realized that his thoughts were wrong and will treat his daughters-in-law as his own daughters from now on. The film ends with Sirish and Anu get married.
Maramkothi	Malayalam	romance	Baby Thomas	The film is centered around a group of common people who fight hard for land and nature. After the withdrawal of British powers from India, a sizeable portion of land came under the possession of landlords which made the conditions of local folks pity. When the cruelty of landlords increased, many tenants were forced to leave their land, which included a five-year-old boy (Sreejith Ravi) along with his family. But unnatural incidents were awaiting when he returned to his own land after a long time. He had to face difficult situations and circumstances which led him to raise his voice against the prevailing social evils.
Lie with Me	Canadian	romance	Clement Virgo	The camera slowly zooms out on a young woman masturbating to a porn sex tape. She gets up abruptly and goes out to a party, looking for sex. Leila has learned she has some power over men with sex but feels a part of her is still untouched, holding back, despite her assertiveness. Before she can choose a partner for the night she is corraled by David, into a bathroom, while his girlfriend calls through the door. She leaves, but keeps her eye on David as she picks up a shy guy, with whom she has sex against a fence outside as David watches from his car while his girlfriend fellates him. Leila is in complete control of her encounter while David remains completely passive. He next sees her walking down the street, and follows her. She smiles but does not speak to him and breaks into a run, leading him to a playground. They crouch inside a small tunnel and watch each other as she begins to touch herself. But this time he leaves. Leila visits her parents and learns that her mother is leaving her father and selling her childhood home. Her father is devastated, staying stoned on pot and refusing to do anything while her mother clears out the house. Leila's best friend, Victoria, is getting ready to be married, but confesses that she's had sex with an old boyfriend recently, despite her insistence that she loves her fiance and is ready to settle down. Leila is skeptical but supportive, and Victoria laughs when she turns on the VCR and discovers the porn tape Leila was watching; Leila tells her nothing about David. When Leila sees David again they finally speak to each other, and he takes her home, where they have sex. He asks Leila if she will go out with him on a real date, giving her his number when she leaves. They finally do go out, and begin a real romance. She meets his father, who is physically fragile but very funny, teasing her about having sex and making noise in their apartment. David cares very tenderly for the old man, who is charmingly brusque. Leila is still skittish, although she is not intimidated when David's old girlfriend confronts her at her job, warning her that David has intimacy issues. When they go back to the club again, Leila dances suggestively with a couple of men while watching David's reaction, and he is hurt and angry when they return to his place. She brushes off his fears when he confesses that he thinks of nothing but her, that he needs her, but she acts like it's all a game. He begs to her to promise that she won't leave him, and she does, but doesn't believe it herself. When David finds his father dead, he turns to Leila for consolation, but she doesn't know how to comfort him. This leads to conflict, and ends with him asking her to leave. Later, he reconsiders; but he is unable to find Leila again, as he knows nothing about her except her first name. Leila finds her sexual world more and more unsatisfying and becomes increasingly frustrated. She picks up the shy guy again, but strikes at him in anger when he is unable to follow her peremptory commands, and throws him out of her apartment in disgust. Leila spends time with her parents as they go their separate ways, and gets ready for the wedding while the summer is coming to an end. As she rides her bicycle to the ceremony David sees her and follows in his truck. He waits outside the synagogue and approaches her as everyone floods out onto the sidewalk following the wedding, and then Victoria grabs Leila's hand and she calls out to David, to ask if he's coming. At the reception David watches Leila dance with an old man, but she runs away again when he approaches her. This time he follows her all the way home, and all the way inside, telling her he won't leave her again. They reunite and the film ends with the two engaging in a passionate kiss.
Jungle	Bollywood	romance	Ram Gopal Verma	Anu Malhotra and Siddharth Mishra (Sidhu) are in love with each other and would like to get married. Anu is ready to inform her parents about her future life-partner, but everything is put on hold, as the family decides to go out on a group safari-like expedition. Siddharth decides to go incognito also. The group gets to view wildlife from fairly close distances. Tragedy strikes when the group (except Sidhu) is kidnapped by the Bandit Durga Narayan Choudhary and his gang. The bandits commit atrocities on the kidnapped people and finally behead one of the women in order to terrorize the government and extract ransom as well as release of one of their men who is in police custody. Once their demands are met, the bandits release remaining hostages, except Anu, whom the chief Durga Narayan Choudhary has started liking. This is unacceptable by his girlfriend Bali, the only female bandit of the gang. When Sidhu not find Anu among the released hostages, he sends the illegal arms supplier Dorai to request Durga Narayan Choudhary for Anu's release. He secretly follows Dorai and finally reaches Anu. In the ensuing commotion, he is able to run away with her, with the bandits in their pursuit. They keep searching their way out of the dense forest. Meanwhile, the goons started to reduce in numbers as they get shot one by one during repeated police encounters. Finally, Durga is the only one left. Still mad about Anu, he searches for her. He is about to take Anu away once more but is intercepted by Commander Shivraj, whom he eventually murders, but finally Sidhu kills Durga and re-unites with Anu and the movie ends on a happy note.
If I Stay	American	romance	R. J. Cutler	Mia Hall and her family are getting ready to go on with their normal day activities when it is announced on the radio that school has been canceled. Mia's dad Denny is a teacher and as a result of the snow day does not have to go to work. Mia's mom Kat, a travel agent, decides to call in sick and along with her family get on the road to visit Mia's grandparents who live on a farm. It is also revealed that Mia is dating an older, popular up-and-coming rockstar named Adam Wilde. The story flashes back to Mia's early life with a rocker dad and an inexperienced mom, when one day they take Mia to a music class where Mia decides that she wants to start playing the cello. After her parents see that Mia is passionate about the cello, they hire a teacher to help her play. Kat is shown pregnant with Teddy, whom Mia thinks is the reason for her father's departure from his band. Years later, an adolescent Mia is still passionate about the cello and is playing at school in the band room where Adam peeks in on her playing, seeing her for the first time, leading him to ask Kim, Mia's best friend, about her. Adam then asks Mia out on a date to a cello recital, where they show mutual affection towards one another. The story flashes back to current time with the family driving to the grandparents' farm when their car collides with an oncoming truck. Mia appears to have an out-of-body experience where she finds herself barefoot and sees her body lying on the road while paramedics are trying to help her and her family. Mia tries to ask a paramedic what is happening, but realizes that no one can see or hear her. Mia, now in the hospital, panics as she does not know the current status of any of her family members when they take her in for surgery. A sympathetic nurse, Nurse Ramirez, tells Mia—her physical body, not Mia's spirit, which apparently she cannot see either—that it is up to her whether or not she wants to stay. The story flashes back once again to Mia attending one of Adam's concerts with his band Willamette Stone, where she does not seem to fit in. Adam's band is steadily gaining more recognition and gets signed to a label, which starts to put a strain on their relationship due to the travel schedule. While at dinner, Mia's grandpa suggests that she should apply to Juilliard, an idea which she initially rebuffs, but later further researches. She eventually lands an audition in San Francisco. It takes a while for Mia to tell Adam about her audition and when she does he becomes upset and leaves for a week-long gig. In the present day, Mia undergoes surgery. She sees a doctor speaking with her grandparents who are standing outside of a pediatric room where Teddy lies in a coma-like state. Adam comes to the hospital to see Mia, but is not allowed in as he is not an immediate family member. It is then revealed that Mia's mom Kat was pronounced dead on arrival and her dad Denny died on the operating table. She later finds out that Teddy has died from an epidural hematoma. Grandpa talks to Mia, revealing that her father gave up being in a band because he wanted to give her a better life and be a better father. He also, tearfully, gives Mia permission to move on from this life if she wants, which influences Mia to decide that she wants to die so that she can join her family on the other side. The story flashes back to Mia at her audition for Juilliard, where she plays the best she has ever played, leading her to think that if accepted, she would go. After a reconciliation with Adam, they talk about the huge possibility of her going to Juilliard, which ultimately leads to them breaking up and going their separate ways. After some time, Mia seems stable enough to receive more visitors. Mia is shown symbolically about to let go when she hears the music performed at the cello recital that she attended with Adam. It is revealed that Adam has come to see Mia and that he is playing his iPod for her. He brings with him a letter Mia has received from Juilliard saying that she has been accepted and lets her know that he would do whatever she wants if she stays. He begins to play the song he has finally written about her. Mia, after flashing back through all the happy moments in her life, squeezes Adam's hand and opens her eyes and sees Adam as he hovers over her and says, Mia?.
The Office Wife	American	romance	Lloyd Bacon	Publisher Larry Fellowes (Lewis Stone) believes that his stenographer/secretary (played by Dale Fuller) spends more time with him and makes more decisions than a wife would for her husband. He persuades author Kate Halsey (Blanche Friderici) to write a novel based on this premise. When Larry's secretary learns of his plans to marry Linda (Natalie Moorhead), the secretary has a nervous breakdown because she is in love with him herself. A new attractive, intelligent and efficient secretary, Anne Murdock (Dorothy Mackaill), is hired while Larry is on his honeymoon. Larry, a workaholic, begins to neglect his wife working with his secretary, and they both fall in love. Meanwhile, his wife is seeing another man (played by Brooks Benedict), with whom she falls in love. Eventually, Larry kisses Anne while they are working together at his apartment, while Linda makes love with her young gigolo, who gives her the key to his apartment and says goodnight. Linda returns to her husband (after giving them enough time to compose themselves) and tells Larry that they should go to bed as it is very late. Anne watches as Larry goes to the bedroom with his wife and closes the door behind him. She is heartbroken and decides she will give him her resignation in the morning.[clarification needed][why?] Linda decides to divorce Larry. Anne agrees to marry her long-time admirer Ted O'Hara after giving her resignation. On the final day of work, Anne's sister Katherine Murdock (Joan Blondell) phones the confused Larry and explains everything, bringing about a happy ending.
Rajkumar	Bengali	romance	Swapan Saha	This film about a young boy Raja whom his mother refuses to recognize when she remarries and he goes on to become “Rajkumar”, a “khatal owner” is quite an eventful journey. After growing up Rajkumar returns to S. K. Roy’s house (person whom his mother had remarried) to set things straight as he has the power attorney of his father’s will. His stepbrother Rudra (Abhishek Chatterjee) and own sister conspire against him and become his greatest enemies as they want him out of the way, but a few events bring them together and they finish Vishal (Kaushik Banerjee) a partner in crime of Rudra. Rajkumar accepts his mother back in his life, something which he had been refusing for so long.
 Maid in Manhattan	American	romance	Wayne Wang	Marisa Ventura is a single mother trying to get by with her 10-year-old young son Ty by working as a maid for The Beresford Hotel in the heart of Manhattan. When not in school, Ty spends time among Marisa’s fellow hotel workers, who think she is capable of being promoted to management. While Marisa and fellow maid Stephanie are cleaning the room of socialite Caroline Lane, Stephanie convinces Marisa to try on a designer Dolce & Gabbana coat. Lane had previously asked for it to be returned to the store and Stephanie argues that it “technically” doesn’t belong to anyone at the moment. Elsewhere in the hotel, Ty befriends hotel guest and senatorial candidate Christopher Marshall, whom Ty learns has an interest in Richard Nixon, the subject of his school presentation. Ty wants to go with Chris to walk his dog and the pair go to Caroline Lane’s room to ask Marisa for permission. Chris meets Marisa who is wearing the designer coat, and is instantly smitten with her. He assumes that she is Caroline Lane. The trio spend some time together in the park. Though Marisa and Chris are attracted to each other, Marisa is terrified that management will find out about the ruse and makes it a point to avoid Chris afterwards. Chris asks the hotel’s head butler Lionel Bloch to invite “Caroline Lane” to lunch, but he is confused when the real Caroline shows up instead of Marisa. Ironically, Marisa was present when she received the invitation and even offered Caroline some advice on what to wear for their “Lunch à deux”. When the real Caroline shows up, Chris asks his assistant Jerry Siegal to find “the other Caroline Lane” promising that he will attend an important dinner and wishes her to go with him. Jerry asks Lionel to find her. Lionel, who has figured out that Marisa is the woman Chris has been looking for, tells her to go to the dinner and end the affair swiftly if she wants to keep her possible future in hotel management. Stephanie and the hotel staff assist her in preparing for the evening by styling her hair and loaning her an expensive dress and spectacular necklace. Marisa is unable to end the affair, and she spends the night in Chris's hotel room. The next morning, Marisa is spotted by the real Caroline Lane and her friend leaving Chris' room. Caroline blurts out the truth to the hotel management and Marisa is fired in front of Chris in Lane’s hotel suite. Both Marisa and Chris spend some time apart with him still thinking about her and Marisa hounded by the press and her disapproving classist mother Veronica. Some time later, Marisa has obtained another job as a maid at another hotel. Chris is giving a press conference in the same hotel and Ty attends it and asks Chris whether people should be forgiven if they make mistakes, referencing former President of the United States, Richard Nixon. Ty leads him to the staff-room where Marisa is having her break. Chris and Marisa are reunited and the film ends with images of publications showing that Chris has been elected, he and Marisa are still together after one year, Marisa has started her own hospitality business, and Marisa’s maid friends have been promoted to management.
Gunde Jaari Gallanthayyinde	Telugu	romance	Vijay Kumar Konda	Karthik (Nithin) is a carefree guy who believes that one should make their self decisions. At his friend Pandu's (Ali) wedding reception, he sees Sruthi (Isha Talwar) and falls for her at first sight. He asks Pandu's wife to find out about Sruthi. After Pandu's wife gives Sruthi's number to Pandu and asks him to convey it to Karthik, a miscommunication between Karthik and Pandu leads to Karthik calling Sravani (Nithya Menen). Karthik mistakes Sravani for Sruthi and talks to her over the phone. Unbeknownst to him, Sravani knows who Karthik is and develops an interest in him. But a series of events clears Karthik's confusion and everything is revealed. Meanwhile, Karthik helps his friend Madhu (Madhunandan) in gaining a girl's attention; the girl none other than Sruthi, who falls for Madhu. Comedic events lead to Madhu doubting Sruthi, and their relationship is at stake. Later they unite. Meanwhile, Sravani plans to avenge the deception and pain that Karthik put her through. She gains employment as Karthik's boss and decides to put him through the same hardships. However, Karthik wants to propose to his boss (Sravani) and Sravani is ready to reject his proposal to avenge her pain. Just before he proposes, Karthik realizes he is truly in love with his phone friend Sravani and runs to her house to plead for her forgiveness. There he sees Sravani and they unite with a hug.
Nenjathai Killadhe	Tamil	romance	Agathiyan	A rich boy (Vasan, played by Vikranth) indulges in various bizarre experiments to have different experiences. He eats in a five star hotel without money, he wears girls’ outfit in a show room, he prefers to go to jail just for the heck of it, and he hires a sex worker and lets her sleep alone... We have a girl (Aanandhi played by Bharathi), daughter of an NRI, staying alone in the city. She is making a documentary film on persons belonging to the fringe world. She meets the convicts in the prison and the sex workers for her documentary. Surprisingly, sparks don’t fly when Vasan and Anandhi meet. In fact she develops a sort of aversion towards his behavior. But she is impressed with him when she hears about his experience with the sex worker. She can’t believe that a boy can behave like this. According to her, the physical proximity would definitely lead to love or sex between a boy and girl. The boy denies. They challenge each other and set for an experiment. The boy emerges winner while the girl is impressed by the sensitive behavior and gentle gestures of the boy. She proposes to the boy but he refuses to accept her love. When she insists him to accept her, he just makes mockery about her feelings. The girl is deeply hurt. She is shocked to see a man, who approaches life just as a bunch of experiments to gain varied experiences. She feels cheated and humiliated. Later on the boy realizes the dormant love within him and comes back to the girl but she is not ready to accept him. She cannot believe that he can get into real love. Her dejection and conviction are too strong to consider his change. Now he challenges that he would make her love him and she accepts the challenge. The emotional game between them leads to an unpredictable climax.
Dui Prithibi (2010 film)	Bengali	romance	Raj Chakraborty	Rahul Roy, (Jeet) as called by his friends and family, is the son of a multi-millionaire called Arup Roy. He is born and brought up in comfort and luxury and for him life is just a game and he is accustomed to lavish lifestyle. He is portrayed to be a happy go lucky character and quite popular with the female kind. He comes across Nandini (Koel Mallick), a young & charming doctor. Rahul challenges his friends that he would make her fall in love within few days. Rahul invites Nandini for coffee after a dance programme and proposes to her. Nandini, being an orphan, is very kind towards the poor people and is a good Samaritan. She mingles with poor people and provides succor to them. But, being a rich boy, Rahul hates those people. However, Nandini's free-spirited nature takes him very near to her and he develops an intimate friendship. At the same time, Nandini keeps maintaining some distance and does not express her love. Though she likes him, she can't love him for he's not sensitive to the people and things around him. A privileged upbringing makes him myopic to the hard realities of life. By the time, she wants to express her love, she learns that Rahul has challenged his friends about his love and decides to keep herself off. While dropping her at her hostel on his car after a party, Rahul tries to convince her that he is really in love with her but she does not listen to him. In the process, Rahul has an accident, where a woman dies and her son is orphaned. Nandini survives the accident, while Rahul wakes up from injuries in hospital. After gaining consciousness, Rahul cannot find Nandini and he decides to go in search of her on his bike. In the process, he happens to meet a motorbike thief called Shibu, brilliantly played by Dev. Though Shibu is a vehicle thief, he is good at heart. The journey Rahul takes changes his life drastically: as he is exposed to the hard realities of rural life and yet its simple joys. The landscapes and the people he meets takes him through an emotional journey that alters his perceptions forever. Be it a teacher (Manoj Mitra) who supports orphan kids, a disillusioned ex-militant (Debranjan Nag), a prostitute who craves for love (Barkha Bisht Sengupta), or his own companion Shibu, they all aid in his journey to self-discovery.
Mexicali Rose	American	romance	Erle C. Kenton	Happy Manning returns early from a trip to his Mexican casino, the Mina de Oro (Gold Mine), and to his wife Rose, unaware that she has been unfaithful to him with Joe, the croupier. Happy soon finds out and divorces Rose, but he keeps Joe, as Joe is too valuable an employee to lose. Afterward, he goes to visit his younger brother and ward, Bob, who is the quarterback of his college football team in California. Bob introduces him to his fiancee Marie. Bob, believing Happy owns a gold mine, promises to spend his honeymoon there. When Bob does get married, he sends Happy a telegram that he is coming. Happy's friend Ortiz offers to exchange his real gold mine for Happy's casino temporarily. Happy is shocked when Bob introduces his wife: Rose. Happy later tries to buy Rose off, but she turns him down, claiming she genuinely loves Bob. Happy is uncertain if she is lying or not and decides to not tell Bob the truth. However, it soon becomes clear that she has not changed. Happy blocks her secret late-night rendezvous with an admirer and confronts her. She claims that she loves Happy and that she married Bob to get back at him. She then tells him she is going home. The next day, her body is found at the bottom of a cliff.
Love Failure	Telugu	romance	Balaji Mohan	Arun (Siddharth) and Parvathi (Amala Paul) give an interview about their love story. But they fight even before the interview gets over. Then the movie rewinds 5 months earlier. Arun meets Parvathi in a college canteen and soon they become friends. Parvathi has problems at her home as her mother Saroja wants to divorce her father Akilan. Arun and Parvati fights for trivial reasons and then get together. Movie revolves around how little things may contribute to break ups. One day, while Parvati stressed up and wants to talk to Arun, he didn't answer his phone. They fight on that issue and gradually their fights frequency grows. Arun introduces her to his parents and Arun's father recognizes her as one of his client's daughter. He tells his son that Parvati's parents are getting divorced. As time progresses, they break up but the reason is not revealed. Arun's friend Vignesh tries to propose his junior Rashmi. But Rashmi addresses Vignesh as brother and she introduce her lover who is Vignesh's senior. Arun tries to recover from the break-up. Arun's friend calls him to a trip to Pondicherry to see his friend John.John's girlfriend Cathy starts friendly chat with Arun. Cathy wishes to help Arun and asks him why they broke up. Arun says that he doesn't have any reason and that is his problem. Since Cathy becomes friendly with Arun, Misunderstanding crops up between Cathy and John. Meanwhile, Akilan approaches Prabhu for divorce. Prabhu who is Arun's father advice Akilan to reunite with Saroja after knowing that Akilan is Parvathi's Father. Akilan and Saroja unite in Parvathi's grandparents 80th marriage. Consequently, John realise that Arun and Cathy are just being friendly and he reunites with cathy. While Rashmi realise that her lover (vignesh's senior) is a playboy, she realises this and tells this to Vignesh and accepts his true love. At last, Parvathi and Arun reunite after a silly quarrel in the same canteen that they met earlier.
Crying Out in Love	Chinese	romance	Kwak Jae-yong	In 2008, Xia Ye receives a mysterious package from the Post Office of the Future, which contains audio cassettes from the late 1990s and an old cassette player. She listens to them on the train to Qingdao and hears the voice of the 17-year-old Ke Da. Back in the hot summer of 1997, Ke Da had fallen for Xia Ye during their senior year at high school, and the two had expressed their feelings to each other via audio cassettes. Li Fusheng, a guy who Ke Da met at swimming classes, runs the Post Office for the future, accepting messages for the living or the dead to be delivered sometime in the future. He believed that the dead live on at the Centre of the World, where they meet because of love. Arriving in Qingdao, Xia Ye visits the Post Office of the Future, which is now run by Sun Jiaolian. There, Sun tells Xia Ye about how she was hospitalized and eventually died of leukemia. Meanwhile, Ke Da has also travelled down to Qingdao and been listening to some old audio cassettes he also received. Gradually, the mystery of why Xia Ye and Ke Da received the old audio cassettes is solved.
Avunu Valliddaru Ista Paddaru	Telugu	romance	Vamsi	Morampudi Anil Kumar (Ravi Teja) is a well-educated but unemployed youth who comes to the city in search of a job. After attending a hundred interviews, he is offered a night watchman job by an employer who is impressed by Anil's honesty and dignity of labour. Anil starts looking for a room to stay in a nearby colony. Satyanandam (Jeeva) stays in the colony and takes care of a house of his friend living in America, collecting rent for him. Swathi (Kalyani) stays in that house and works in a software firm. Satyanandam is interested in collecting a second rent for himself and offers the house to Anil on the condition that he can stay there only during the day, without Swathi's knowledge. Anil agrees and moves into the house. Anil is impressed by the way the room is decorated and artfully arranged and understands that the lady staying there has a very good taste. The colony is full of comical characters very typical of Vamsy's films. Satyanandam is a miser trying to make money by what ever means he can. His crazy brother-in-law (Krishna Bhagavan) keeps creating trouble for him and others in the colony. The washer-man (Mallikarjuna Rao) sells his crazy ideas to people. Potti Raju (Kondavalasa Lakshmana Rao) keeps making several attempts to start his own business but always ends up in a loss. The interaction of these characters with each other and the humorous situations that arise form the backbone to the movie's story line. After a month, Anil accidentally breaks Swathi's porcelain artefact in the room and writes a letter to her apologising for his mistake. Swathi comes across the letter, and learns that someone else has been staying in her room without her knowledge. But she takes a liking for Anil's honesty and lets him stay in her house when she is not there. Both keep communicating through letters and become good friends, gradually falling in love without seeing each other. Anil and Swathi also happen to meet in a restaurant when she accidentally accuses him of stealing her purse. They start of as enemies but become good friends without knowing that they are room mates too. One day, Anil comes to know that the friend he has been meeting outside is none other than his own room mate Swathi, but does not reveal this to her, wanting to surprise her at the time of marriage. Anand, the brother of Swathi's office manager takes a liking for her, and sends his father to her adopted parents in the village seeking alliance. Swathi's poor parents express interest, as it would help them to get their two younger daughters married. Swathi is in a fix, as she wants to help her father who adopted her and brought her up despite his poverty, but she cannot let go of her love for Anil. She expresses her dilemma to Anil as a friend, without any knowledge that it is with him that she is in love actually. Anil realises that Swathi's family would benefit from her marriage with Anand. He leaves a letter in the room telling her that he is deserting Swathi and going after a rich girl. As a friend he comforts Swathi and convinces her to marry Anand. However, Swathi comes to know the truth in the end through Anil's friend and they unite.
I Know Where I'm Going!	British	romance	Michael Powell, Emeric Pressburger	Joan Webster (Wendy Hiller) is a young middle class Englishwoman with an ambitious, independent spirit. She knows where she's going, or at least she thinks she does. She travels from her home in Manchester to the Hebrides to marry Sir Robert Bellinger, a very wealthy, much older industrialist, on the (fictitious) Isle of Kiloran. When bad weather postpones the final leg of her journey—a boat trip to Kiloran—she is forced to wait it out on the Isle of Mull, among a community of people whose values are quite different from hers. There she meets Torquil MacNeil (Roger Livesey), a naval officer trying to go home to Kiloran for some shore leave. They are sheltered for the night in the nearby home of Torquil's friend, Catriona Potts (Pamela Brown). The next day, on their way to catch a bus into town, they come upon the ruins of Moy Castle. Joan wants to take a look inside, but Torquil refuses to go in. When she reminds him that the terrible curse only applies to the Laird of Kiloran, Torquil introduces himself: he is the laird, and Bellinger has only leased his island. As the bad weather worsens into a full-scale gale, Torquil takes advantage of the delay to woo Joan, who becomes increasingly torn between her ambition and her growing attraction to him. Desperate to salvage her carefully laid plans, Joan tries to persuade Ruairidh Mhór (Finlay Currie) to take her across to the island immediately, but the experienced sailor knows conditions are far too dangerous. Joan manages to bribe young Kenny (Murdo Morrison) into attempting it by offering him enough money to buy a half share in Ruairidh's boat and marry Ruairidh's daughter Bridie (Margot Fitzsimons). Torquil learns of the scheme and tries to talk Joan out of it, but she proves adamant and they have a blazing row. After Joan has gone down to the boat, Catriona tells MacNeil that Joan is actually running away from him. Armed with this knowledge, he races to the quayside and invites himself aboard. The boat's engine gets flooded and they are caught in the Corryvreckan whirlpool, but Torquil is able to restart the motor just in time and they return safely to Mull. At last, the weather clears. Joan asks Torquil for a parting kiss before they go their separate ways. Torquil enters Moy Castle, and the curse takes effect almost immediately. A narrator relates that, centuries earlier, Torquil's ancestor had stormed the castle to capture his unfaithful wife and her lover. He had them bound together and cast into a water-filled dungeon with only a small stone to stand upon. When their strength gave out, they dragged each other into the water, but not before she placed a curse on the Lairds of Kiloran. Any who dared to step over the threshold would be chained to a woman to the end of his days. From the battlements, Torquil sees Joan with three pipers marching resolutely toward him. They embrace.
Manasina Maathu	Kannada	romance	Anantha Raju	The film is about the family entertaining romantic story.
White	Malayalam	romance	Uday Ananthan	Love story between a middle aged billionaire and a young newcomer IT profssional in the backdrop of London.It was a disaster movie in the boxoffice as well as critics.
Suzie Gold	British	romance	Richard Cantor	The film stars Summer Phoenix as the title character, in the role of a young Jewish woman living in London with a sister who is about to marry a young Jewish man. Breaking with the ideas of her traditionally orthodox family, Suzie falls in love with Darren (Leo Gregory), who happens not to be Jewish. She fears introducing him to her family because of their opposition to marrying outside of one's faith.[2]
Shopner Thikana	Bangladeshi	romance	M A Khalek	Sumon and Shathi are two class friends from childhood. At once they fall in love. Farha,the only daughter of Sumon's father's friend also loves Sumon but Sumon thinks of her as just a friend.
No Other Woman	American	romance	J. Walter Ruben	Anna (Irene Dunne) yearns to escape from Pittsburgh and tells her boyfriend, steelworker Jim Stanley (Charles Bickford) that she will never marry a steelworker, but he changes her mind. After their marriage, however, she does not abandon her dream; she gets as much money as she can and runs a boarding house to build up their savings. When her friend Joe (Eric Linden) discovers a way to make a permanent dye out of the waste products of the steel mill, she sees her chance. Despite his initial opposition, Jim supports his wife. He tells Joe that he can either sell his invention to the mill owners or they can go into partnership and manufacture the dye themselves. Joe chooses the latter, and Jim builds up the business and becomes extremely rich. Anna resides in a mansion with their young son, Bobbie. On a business trip to New York City, Jim is attracted to golddigger Margot (Gwili Andre) and they begin an affair. When Anna finds out, she confronts her husband. He says he loves Margot and wants a divorce, but Anna refuses to give him one, forcing him to take her to court. At the trial, several bribed witnesses claim that Anna herself has a lover. Under the relentless questioning of Jim's lawyer, Bonelli (J. Carrol Naish), she breaks down in tears. When she learns that she will lose custody of Bobbie, Anna desperately claims that Jim is not the boy's father. This claim causes Jim to admit he paid his servants to perjure themselves and is sentenced to jail. While in prison, his business is wiped out by the scandal and he is left penniless. When he is released after a year, he is too ashamed to go see his wife. He returns to work in the steel mill, but she finds and embraces him.
Lavender	Malayalam	romance	Altas T. Ali	The film Lavender is a remake of the 2006 Korean-Hong Kong movie Daisy directed by Hong Kong filmmaker Andrew Lau of the Infernal Affairs trilogy. Although some changes are made in script and narration and introduced two new charectors Kabir Abbas, a budding film writer and his film actress friend. The film is actually a scenic depiction of script written by Kabir Abbas(Govind Padmasoorya), as he narrates the story to his friend (Elham Mirza). The story is happening at Bangkok, where Isha(Elham Mirza) is an artist who portrays sketches live. Ayaan (Rahman) is a resident migrated in fake name and has been residing there since then. Ayaan used to surprise Isha with bunch of lavender flowers in between. Incidentally Isha befriends Siddharth (Nishan), and mistakes him to be the person sending her Lavenders. Isha had once been rescued, and taken to hospital after she had fallen off from a wooden bridge by someone whose identity is not yet unknown to her. Since then she has been searching for that person, and it was the same person who is presenting her with the Lavender flower bouquets now. When Isha tells that it is Siddharth who sends her the flowers, Siddharth doesn't bother to deny it, leaving Isha a feeling that it is Siddharth the person she was searching for. Siddharth reveals himself as a designer working in a graphic company. Matters go worse when Siddharth is being shot on a public place when he was with Isha. Isha also gets shot on her throat, and she was left there. Ayaan rushes to the spot and takes her to hospital. She recovers, however her voice is lost. Ayaan then befriends Isha. However Isha reveals that she is already in love with Siddharth. They both then trace for Siddharth, however they could not find him. A recovered Siddharth, revealed to us as an Interpol officer, is being advised by his senior Raghavan(Anoop Menon) to forget his love and carry on with their duty. On her birthday, Ayaan visits her, and at the same time Siddharth also visits her, reveals her the truth that he is an Interpol officer and has been cheating her and take leave. He also notices Ayaan present there. Based on orders from his boss Joseph Tharakan(Thalaivasal Vijay), Ayaan sets out to kill Siddharth. Despite having an opportunity of shooting Siddharth, Ayaan reveals to him that Isha still loves him and he will move out from their life. However then Siddharth is found shot to death. Isha is upset on hearing Siddharth's death. She is being consoled by Ayaan. Joseph assigns Ayaan to kill Raghavan. Ayaan was not willing to take it up. But as Joseph promises that it will be his last execution, and after that Ayaan will be free to live his own life, Ayaan takes up. Isha finds the photo of Siddharth and a gun in a brief case at Ayaans home and then concludes that Ayaan is the murderer of Siddharth and she blames him for doing the same. Grief-stricken, Ayaan surrenders to the Interpol. In a sequence of events, Isha comes to know the truth and rushes to have a glance on Ayaan. Where she protects Ayaan from a bullet and gets killed. Ayaan clears of Joseph and his colleagues and falls dead. The story narration ends there and Kabir bids farewell to his friend after the narration. On a later day, he is surprised to see a bunch of lavender flowers on his doorstep.
Return to Me	American	romance	Bonnie Hunt	Bob and Elizabeth Rueland (David Duchovny and Joely Richardson) both work — Bob as an architect, Elizabeth as a zoologist — at Chicago's Lincoln Park Zoo. One night after a fundraiser for a new primate house Elizabeth is killed in a car accident, and her heart is transplanted to Grace Briggs (Minnie Driver), who has suffered from heart disease since the age of 14 and is near death. The surgery is successful and Grace, an artist, is able to live a normal life for the first time. She plans to make her first airplane trip to Italy to paint, and her best friend Megan Dayton (Bonnie Hunt) encourages her to begin dating, although Grace is self-conscious about the long surgical scar on her chest. She also has written a letter thanking the family of their lost loved one for the heart she received. It takes her over a year to finally find the courage to mail the letter. A year later Bob, who has been working on the primate house that Elizabeth raised money for, remains depressed. He recognizes that he must resume his life as he becomes frustrated seeing that his dog hasn't gotten over the loss either. His friend, Charlie (David Alan Grier), organizes a blind date for him at a restaurant. The date goes very badly, but he finds that he is interested in the waitress — Grace, who is also the granddaughter of the restaurant's owner, Marty O'Reilly (Carroll O'Connor). Although they are both unaware of the connection they have through Elizabeth's heart, Bob and Grace begin to date. As they grow closer together, Grace is reluctant to tell Bob about her medical history. After several months of dating, Grace finally decides to tell Bob about her transplant. However, before she gets the chance, she finds in his house the letter that she had sent several months earlier. Horrified by the discovery, Grace flees and tells Megan what has happened. Megan's husband (Jim Belushi) becomes infuriated as he has misunderstood Grace's panic and thinks Bob must be married. Megan then explains the situation to him in six monosyllables: Grace has Bob's dead wife's heart! When Grace meets Bob again, she tells him the truth. Stunned and not knowing what to say, he leaves. Against Megan's advice to not run away from the situation, Grace goes to Europe alone. Back at home and with Marty's help Bob realizes that although he will always miss Elizabeth, he aches for Grace. He decides to go after her, and the two reunite in Italy. They return to Chicago for the dedication of the new primate house. The film ends at the wedding of friends Wally and Sophie. Megan is visibly pregnant again. Charlie appears to be married and dancing with his wife and their toddler. Grace and Bob are happily dancing.
Chore Chore Mastuto Bhai	Bengali	romance	Anup Sengupta	Nagraj (Deepankar Dey) sends John to steal a rare Diamond worth crores from the museum. John betrays Nagraj and runs away with Diamond, but is killed by Ronnie, who leaves the Diamond with a taxi triver Yadav Das. Therefore, Yadav is jailed in John's murder case. His daughter Madhuri (Koel Mallick) disguises herself as a boy to run the taxi to support her family. Now Manik and Chand turn up at Madhuri's house and claim to be her long lost uncles from Africa. Madhuri is in love with Rahul, a Nagraj's henchman. As the Diamond is the prime attraction, everyone wants its possession. In the climax, Manik and Chand rescue Rahul, Madhuri and Madhabi from Nagraj and the police arrest Nagraj.
Starting Out in the Evening	American	romance	Andrew Wagner	Now aging and ailing, the one-time celebrated author Leonard Schiller has been forgotten by his readers, literary colleagues, and critics during the decade he has struggled to complete what he knows will be his final novel. When the brash, ambitious Brown University graduate student Heather Wolfe approaches him with a request for access to his thoughts and recollections for the Master's thesis she hopes will reintroduce the public to his work, he initially refuses to cooperate. But the young woman is relentless, and he finally agrees to weekly meetings in which he slowly begins to open up to her as he reluctantly recalls his past. Slightly suspicious of Heather's motives is Leonard's daughter Ariel, a former professional dancer who supports herself by teaching yoga and Pilates. Rapidly approaching forty, Ariel has stopped using birth control with her boyfriend Victor without telling him about her determination to have a baby. When he learns about her plan, she ends their relationship, coincidentally at the same time Ariel's former lover Casey Davis returns to New York City after a five-year absence. He and Ariel had reached an impasse in their relationship because of his refusal to have a child, and as they begin to see each other again, he is quick to let her know his position hasn't changed. The film focuses on these four individuals and their evolution as they are thrust out of their comfort zones and into arenas that force them to examine their lives and decide how much they are willing to compromise and sacrifice their own desires in order to accommodate the demands of others.
Gone to Earth	British	romance	Michael Powell, Emeric Pressburger	Hazel Woodus (Jennifer Jones) is a child of nature in the Shropshire countryside in 1897. She loves and understands all the wild animals more than the people around her. Whenever she has problems, she turns to the book of spells and charms left to her by her gypsy mother. Local squire Jack Reddin (David Farrar) sees Hazel and wants her, but she has already promised herself to the Baptist minister, Edward Marston (Cyril Cusack). A struggle for her body and soul ensues.
The Raging Moon	British	romance	Bryan Forbes	Bruce Pritchard (Malcolm McDowell) is a 24-year-old working-class man and amateur soccer player with a passion for life. All this changes when he suddenly finds himself struck down by an incurable degenerative disease and needing to use a wheelchair for the rest of his life. He makes a self-imposed exile to a church-run home for the disabled, believing that it is best for his immediate family to forget about him the way he is now. His bitterness at his fate and his dislike of the rules and regulations of the place only serve to make him more withdrawn and angry at his enforced imprisonment. Pritchard gets to know a fellow patient, Jill Matthews (Nanette Newman), a 31-year-old woman from a wealthy family, also a wheelchair user due to polio. Bruce begins to harbour romantic affections for Mathews but before he can make his feelings known in a letter, she leaves the institution to return home and marry long-time fiancé Geoffrey. But Jill quickly realizes the relationship is half-hearted on Geoffrey's part, and after breaking off the engagement she returns to the institution. Gradually she is able to get through Pritchard's shell of cynicism and lack of respect for authority, bringing back life to his existence. In the process, the two begin to fall in love and admit their feelings for each other, consummating a relationship. But their sexual encounter is physically dangerous for Matthews, who dies the day after the couple makes love for the first time.
Nikaah	Bollywood	romance	B. R. Chopra	In Nikaah, B.R Chopra makes a social comment on the sharia laws of divorce (Talaq) and its misuse in Indian Muslim society. The film is set in Hyderabad, Deccan. Haider (Raj Babbar) and Nilofar (Salma Agha) are students in the Osmania University. Haider, an aspiring poet, falls in love with Nilofar without knowing she is already engaged to Wasim (Deepak Parashar), who is a Nawab. Nilofar and Wasim are engaged and they eventually marry. Meanwhile, Haider becomes a successful poet and editor of a magazine. After marriage it turns out that Wasim is a workaholic and also has the tendency of picking fights on petty issues. During their honeymoon, Wasim gets a new business contract and spends most of his time at work. Nilofar, who was expecting a happy married life is disappointed and feels neglected and lonely. Wasim repeatedly fails to keep her promises to Nilofar and keeps her in waiting on numerous occasions, often leaving her in tears. On the occasion of their first wedding anniversary, Wasim and Nilofar arrange a party for which Wasim fails to turn up. Nilofar can't face the questions of the guests and retires to her bedroom. The guests are insulted by the absence of the hosts and leave the party. This leads to a heated argument between the couple and in a moment of rage Wasim divorces Nilofar by saying Talaq three times, without fulfilling other conditions required by sharia laws to perform this (which was a usual practice in Indian Muslim society in those times). Nilofar, now a divorcee is offered a job by Haider in his magazine. During this period she realizes Haider is still in love with her. Wasim who has divorced her in a moment of anger, wants to reconcile and marry her again. He approaches the Imam and asks his advice on the matter. The Imam tells him the complexity of the Sharia law for remarrying a wife after divorcing her. This requires her to marry someone else and get a divorce later. Only then will Wasim be able to remarry Nilofar. During this time Haider expresses his love towards Nilofar and his desire to marry her. They marry with the consent of their parents. Wasim sends a letter to Nilofar asking her to divorce Haider and marry him. Haider reads this letter and thinks that Nilofar and Wasim are still in love. He decides to offer her a divorce, so that she can marry Wasim. He brings Wasim to her and offers his consent to divorce her through Talaq. But Nilofar turns it down and questions both of them on their treating of her like property rather than as a woman. She says she wants to continue her life with Haider. Wasim blesses both of them and leaves.
All That Heaven Allows	American	romance	Douglas Sirk	Cary Scott (Jane Wyman) is an affluent widow in Stoningham in suburban New England, whose social life involves her country club peers, college-age children, and a few men vying for her affection. She becomes interested in Ron Kirby (Rock Hudson), her gardener, an intelligent, down-to-earth and respectful yet passionate younger man. Ron is content with his simple life outside the materialistic society and the two fall in love. Ron introduces her to people who seem to have no need for wealth and status and she responds positively. Cary accepts his proposal of marriage, but becomes distressed when her friends and college-age children are angry. They look down upon Ron and his friends and reject their mother for this socially unacceptable arrangement. Eventually, bowing to this pressure, she breaks off the engagement. Cary and Ron continue their separate lives, both with many regrets, but Cary's children soon announce they are moving out. Having destroyed her chance at happiness, her son buys her a television set to keep her company. Before doing so, however, her daughter apologizes to her mother for her prior impulsive and foolish reaction to Ron, saying that there is still time if she really does love Ron. Cary's doctor points out that Cary is now lonelier than she was before meeting Ron. When Ron has a life-threatening accident, Cary realizes how wrong she had been to allow other people's opinions and superficial social conventions to dictate her life choices and decides to accept the life Ron offers her. As he recovers, Cary is by his bedside telling him that she has returned home.
A Lady of Chance	American	romance	Robert Z. Leonard	Dolly Angel Face Morgan is a parolee out to fleece any wealthy man who is taken in by her looks. She is recognized by two fellow con artists, Gwen and Brad. Since she needs some help, she allows them to help pull a job, shaking down a wealthy man for $10,000 after her outraged husband (Brad) breaks in and finds them in a compromising situation. But when Brad has Gwen hide the money, and tells Dolly that their victim stopped payment on his check, Dolly takes all of the money and makes a quick getaway. Soon after, Dolly meets a young man named Steve Crandall in Atlantic City for a cement convention. Believing that he is a wealthy plantation owner, she flirts with him. When he proposes they get married that very night, Dolly is shocked, but accepts. She is packing to leave with Steve when Brad shows up, demanding his share of the $10,000. Once again, Dolly uses her wits to escape. Dolly and Steve take the train south to his home town of Winthrop, Alabama. There Dolly is rudely surprised to discover that Steve is far from rich, nor does he own a plantation (though he lives next door to one). He is certain his invention, Enduro cement, will make his fortune, but his new wife is not so sure. Dolly has grown fond of Steve, but cannot hide her disappointment from him. That evening, she has him take her to a train for New York. The next morning, however, Steve returns to his room to find Dolly curled up in a chair. She is in love with him and has decided to reform, though she keeps her past a secret. Brad and Gwen track her down, certain she has landed yet another rich sucker. They are surprised to find her living in modest circumstances. Dolly tells them that she has fallen for a poor man, but they do not believe her. To get rid of them, she gives them the $10,000. However, Steve receives a telegram informing him that a company has bought his cement formula for $100,000. Overjoyed, he rushes home and tells Dolly, his mother, and cousins Brad and Gwen. Brad and Gwen blackmail Dolly into a scheme to part Steve from his new-found riches. Brad invites the couple to stay with him in New York City. Just as Steve is about to sign Brad's contract, Dolly cannot take it anymore. She telephones the police, then tells Steve that the contract is nothing but a scam; she then confesses to Steve that she herself is a crook and that she only married him in order to fleece him. Steve is devastated. The cops show up and take her away. Steve begs Dolly to come back to him, but she says that he would be better off without her. Dolly is taken to prison. Steve, however, manages to get the warden to parole her into his custody.
SMS	Telugu	romance	Thathineni Satya	Shiva (Sudheer Babu) is a carefree young man who works in a courier company as a delivery boy. During a train journey, he comes across Shruti (Regina), who works as a radio jockey. Shiva instantly falls for Shruti and he starts trying to impress her. Shruti reluctantly starts reciprocating his love over time. But just as Shruti is about to express her love, Siva breaks her heart with his careless nature and uncultured ways. A love-hate relationship begins as the story moves back and forth between love failure and success. Jealousy, possessiveness and anger rear their ugly heads. Towards the end, the movie takes an unexpected twist. Siva and Shruti are forced to take a stand over their future. What they will do forms the story.
The Girl	American	romance	Sande Zeig	The film is narrated by Agathe De La Boulaye as The Artist. She is obsessed with a nightclub singer (Claire Keim) whom she calls The Girl. One night the girl takes the artist to the hotel where she lives and they make love. The girl, who does not usually sleep with women, tells the artist that it is just one night but they begin seeing each other. The girl continues to see men and the artist has a long term lover, Bu Savè (Sandra Nkake), who accepts the artist's obsession. The artist draws and paints the girl, but gradually grows frustrated with her work. She notices a man (Cyril Lecomte) watching her and the girl. The man behaves aggressively and possessively towards the girl. He starts following the artist and sends threatening letters to the girl telling her to get rid of the artist. The girl refuses. The man follows the artist and tries to attack her. The artist asks advice from Bu Savè, who gives her a gun. When the artist cannot find the girl, she discovers that she has gone away with the man, who turns out to be the owner of the nightclub where the girl sings. When the man and the girl return, the artist gives the girl the gun. The artist gets beaten up by the man and his friend. Later when she goes to meet the girl at the hotel, she finds the man there, naked and asleep. She leaves. The next day she returns and tells the girl that she is leaving her. The artist puts all her energy into her painting. One day she goes back to the hotel. As she climbs the stairs, she hears gunshots. She finds the man dead and the girl with a gunshot wound to her side.
Gigolette	American	romance	Charles Lamont	Kay Parrish is the daughter of a former millionaire who lost everything in the stock market crash in 1929. She works as a waitress in a small country diner, where she meets Terrence Gallagher and Chuck Ahearn. Gallagher runs a speakeasy in New York City, where Ahearn works as his bouncer. Gallagher gives Kay his card, and tells him to look him up, but she scoffs at the idea. After they leave, Kay is told that her father has committed suicide. Determined to make something of her life, she travels to New York City to make it big. Once in New York, however, she is unable to find a job. Desperate, she looks up Gallagher, who hires her as a gigolette, a young prostitute to entertain male clients at his club the Hee Haw. Not in love with her work, and having a budding romantic interest between her and Gallagher, she repeatedly attempts to get him to open a legit club. He refuses, and during her work, Kay meets the wealthy Gregg Emerson, who she becomes romantically involved with. Shortly after, Gallagher is forced by the new liquor license laws, but he declares his intention to open up a new club. Meanwhile, despite Kay being snubbed by his parents, Emerson declares his love for Kay and his intention to marry her. However, when Gallagher is in danger of losing his new club due to the extortion tactics of the gangster, Vanie Rourke, Kay gives Gallagher money to save the new club. The money was part of an engagement gift, and when he finds out, Emerson believes that Kay is in cahoots with Gallagher to defraud him. However, Gallagher is able to convince Emerson of Kay's fidelity, and the two are reunited.
Devadasu Malli Puttadu	Telugu	romance	Dasari Narayana Rao	The film is based on the concept of Reincarnation an idea chiseled in the mind of director Dasari Narayana Rao to give completeness to Devadasu's story. The film begins Devadasu (Akkineni Nageswara Rao) leaving his last breath in front of Parvathi's (Savitri) house and she rushes to see him, but the door is closed by her family and she collapses. Chandramukhi is a courtesan who falls in love with Devadasu, whom he promises to marry in next life also dies at his Samadhi. Now the story begins Devadasu takes rebirth as Sridhar Raja, Chandramukhi as Aruna (Vanisri) and Parvathi is still waiting for Devadasu because she has a desire from her childhood to serve Devadasu and she has strong faith that he will definitely come to keep up his promise. Rest of the story is whether Devadasu comes back and how he reunites with Chandramukhi.
Megha	Tamil	romance	Karthik Rishi	Mugilan (Ashwin Kakumanu) is a middle-class, lovable, and kind man who works as a forensic officer. He falls in love with Megha (Srushti Dange), short for Meghavathy Srinivasan, who comes from a rich family background. Megha slowly starts developing feelings for him, and one day, finally reciprocates his love. But later, she also mysteriously disappears on the same day; the reason being is that Mugil's work leads him to incriminating evidence against the police officer who is touted to be the next Police Commissoner of Chennai, Joseph Fernando (Aadukalam Naren) Joseph had murdered Officer Raghavan (Vijayakumar) as he had considered him a threat to his promotion, but discovers that Mugil is on his tracks, hence Joseph tries to frame Mugil for murder and rape of Megha. Now it's up to Mugil to find his love. Their love undergoes many twists and turns, but how they reunite forms the rest of the story.
Miss You Like Crazy	Filipino	romance	Cathy Garcia-Molina	The story is a flashback of the five years (2005 to 2010) of love affair involving the characters of Allan Alvarez (John Lloyd Cruz) and Mia Samonte (Bea Alonzo). The opening scene was in a Pasig River ferry boat. One of the passenger, Allan, was sad and confused if he really loved his then live-in partner, Daphne Recto (Maricar Reyes). While another passenger, Mia, was downtrodden by family problems. To express her heartaches, Mia would write messages on stones and would leave them anywhere, Allan picked up one of those, they got acquainted and their romantic story began. Later, in one of their trysts they met an old man (Noel Trinidad) in Paco Park who predicted that they were meant for each other and would end up together although it would take a difficult five-year ride. Allan was torn between two loves. Although he knew that he loved Mia more, he procrastinated in his choice. Mia left for Malaysia. Two years after, when Allan finally broke free from his indecision, he went to Malaysia to look for Mia only to find out that she was already engaged to another guy. It was now Mia's turn to make a choice. She chose the new guy who loved her so much even though she honestly knew in her heart that she still loved Allan. Allan did not lose hope. He patiently waited for Mia for another three years. He firmly believed that she would come back to him as predicted by the old man earlier in the story. True enough, the Malaysian guy let Mia go as he was aware of who Mia truly wanted. On the very same date foreseen by the old man, Mia returned to the Philippines, saw Allan waiting for her, and embraced each other.
A Slipping-Down Life	American	romance	Toni Kalem	Shy loner Evie (Taylor) hears musician Drumstrings Casey (Pearce) on the radio one night and becomes infatuated with him. She pursues him, carving his name (sadly, backwards) in her forehead with broken glass, and eventually they meet and then marry. They both still struggle to make something of their lives.
Ajanabee	Bollywood	romance	Shakti Samanta	One monsoon night, a terrified young woman, Sonia (Yogita Bali), gets down from a Taxi and runs towards the Railway station in Deena Pur asking for a ticket to Bombay. However, she is not able to catch the said train on time as the station master takes time to give her the railway ticket to Bombay. She doesn’t have any place to go and decides to wait at the station for the next train, the following morning. She’s carrying an attache case containing jewellery worth lakhs. She deposits it to Rohit, which he safely locks in his safe. Since Rohit feels it’s not safe for her to wait at the platform he offers to drop her at his quarters, near by and she readily agrees to it. It’s so obvious that she’s running away from someone and Rohit feels she must have stolen the jewellery but she denies the accusation. She tells him that she inherited them from her mother but there are goons behind her because of it. And she’s escaping from them. He buys the story and assured that she’s safe and comfortable there, he goes back to the station. Sitting on his chair in his office, he goes back in time and lives in flashback for a while thinking about how he first came across Rashmi (Zeenat Aman). He’s riding a motorcycle on his way to his uncle’s (Asit Sen) house for his cousin’s wedding. On the road he sees a car ahead of him and they have a race. After a while, Rashmi’s car runs out of petrol. Attempting to help her and also not wanting to lose an opportunity of spending some time with a lovely dame, he empties all the petrol from his motorcycle into Rahmi’s car and decides to travel along in her car. But before he can get in, she drives off. With no petrol, he gets stuck and finally manages to get a lift in a lorry. They meet a couple of times during his stay there and they fall in love. Her father, Diwan Sardarilal (Hari Shivdasani), is looking for an assistant for Moti Babu (Prem Chopra), her brother-in-law, who has been looking after the business now. And Diwan feels Moti Babu is over-burdened with work and responsibilities. Rashmi presents Rohit to Diwan and he agrees to hire him. Rashmi has a hunch that Moti Babu is not as honest as he appears to be and tells Rohit about it. Rohit immediately begins auditing the records and discovers that the entries are not correct and a huge sum of money has been missing. Moti Babu, scared that the truth will come out, plots against Rohit. Since Rashmi is so fond of him, the best way to get Rohit out of his way would be to somehow make her dislike him. As a part of the plan, they have a celebration with lots of Bhaang followed a dance Satra baras ki. And with the help of Bahadur and Bijli he manages to prove that Rohit tried to rape Bijli and has cheated on Rashmi. As per Panchayat’s decision, a punishment, he’s thrased in front of the villagers and asked to leave the place immediately. Moti Babu is celebrating his victory with Bahadur and Bijli. Rashmi happens to witness this and is disgusted. Much against wishes of Diwan and Moti Babu, she leaves the house and runs away with Rohit singing Hum dono do premee. They go to Bombay and get married in a temple. Two men show up at his office and they wake him up from his reverie. They introduce themselves as Inspector Tiwari and Inspector Sinha and enquire about a girl with an attache – Sonia. They tell him that she has stolen some valuables and has run away, and they are investigating the case. Though suspicious, Rohit doesn’t reveal her whereabouts. He goes to his quarters and confronts her. But she tells him she hasn’t stolen anything and gives him her mother’s letter. After reading it he’s convinced that she’s innocent. He comes back to his office. It’s raining very heavily outside. Standing by the window he stares out and gets into a flashback mode again. This time the newly wed Rashmi and Rohit are singing Bheegi bheegi raaton mein in the rain. Brought up the way she was, Rashmi doesn’t know much of household work. She has a tough time trying to learn how to cook. They get acquainted with Chetan Kumar (Asrani), who lives in the floor below and become friends with him. He also helps her develop her culinary skills. Rohit works for Bombay Publicity, an Ad Agency and Rashmi, on the other hand gets bored sitting at home the whole day with nothing to do. Since she has a good knowledge of colours she starts painting (inspired by Chetan) and wants to gift the painting to Rohit on his birthday. One fine day Chetan suggests her to start modelling. Having seen how his boss, M.M. Puri (Madan Puri) deals with models, Rohit is not happy about how the modelling world works. But Rashmi, with a wealthy background is not used to live the way she is living and doesn’t like compromising for every little thing. And she remains adamant about her decision until Rohit gives in. Indifferences start creeping in but Rohit is understanding and does all he can to keep Rashmi happy, though his ego keeps coming in between (sounds contradicting?). In no time she becomes a top model and even goes on to win a beauty pageant. She becomes thrilled with the idea that now within a short span of time, name and fame would knock her doors. Soon after this, she realises she’s expecting. She wants to pursue her career and thinks it’s not the right time to start a family and even thinks of going for an abortion. But Rohit wants the child. So she decides to keep it. One day Rohit calls and when she goes down to Chetan’s flat to answer the call, she slips and falls down the staircase. This results in a miscarriage. But Rohit feels she got an abortion done and gets mad at her. They have a row and he walks out of the house. Having realised that he over-reacted, he comes back home in the evening and apologises but only after a while he finds out that Rashmi has left the house and gone. He later on learns from Chetan that she had fallen down and had a miscarriage. He calls her but she doesn't speak to him. He resigns from Bombay Publicity and he sets out to bring her back. He goes to Diwan’s house but learns that they have left the place and gone on a vacation. No one knows when they’ll come back. Devastated, he goes to his uncle’s house. There’s a letter for him there, a legal notice asking for a divorce. Not knowing what to do next, he seeks employment and with the help of Mr. Saxena (Mama’s friend), he gets the post of a Station Master at a remote hill station, Deena Pur. Back to present...he’s at work and Mr. Saxena comes to meet him. He’s surprised to see Mr. Saxena at such a remote place. To this, Mr. Saxena says he had come hunting with Diwan Sardarilal, who has put up at a place named Karimganj, nearby. He leaves for Karimganj to meet Rashmi. Rashmi seeing him doesn't seem to be happy. Rohit on the other hand tries wooing her back and further requests her to join his new residence that he got as a railway employee. Meanwhile, Rashmi’s father enters the scene and instructs Rashmi to get away from there. He and Moti babu tries every possible way to humiliate Rohit due to his low socio-economic condition. Rohit further remaining confident vows before Moti Babu to bring in money in order to get Rashmi back. Back at present, Rohit realises he needs to arrange in money in order to bring back his estranged wife back. However, he is devastated to realise that he has no such money on his own but only the jewellery worth 5 lakhs in his office's locker belonging to the young lady who took refuge in his quarter. He further decides to open the locker and steal away the attache by strangling the lady to death. However, he comes back to his actual senses and realises he was about to commit a heinous crime under the pretext of bringing his wife back. Meanwhile, fate decided to play another ruthless game on Rohit. The very next moment he finds himself arrested for the real murder of the lady which he in actuality never committed. Will Rohit be able to acquit himself of all the heinous charges levied against him? Will he be successful in proving his innocence? Will his wife Rashmi support him in the struggle? If it was not Rohit who then was the real perpetrator behind the murder of the young girl then forms the ending plot of the film.
My Reputation	American	romance	Curtis Bernhardt	When her beloved husband dies after a long illness, Jessica Drummond is comforted by the executor of her husband's estate lawyer, Frank Everett, a longtime family friend who later shows an interest in dating Jess. Jess has two boys: 14-year-old Kim and 12-year-old Keith. She tries to reconnect with her old friends, but finds they remind her too much of her husband. She is accosted by one of them, George Van Orman, when he brings her home one night. Fortunately, she has a real friend in Ginna Abbott, whom she runs to and stays with, the night George bothers her. Ginna and her husband, Cary, invite Jess to vacation with them at Lake Tahoe. When Jess finds herself lost with a broken ski, she meets Major Scott Landis. He helps her back to the Abbotts' lodge. After an evening of socializing, he spends the night downstairs on the sofa. Jess and Scott get to know each other better, but she spurns his advances and tells him to leave. Back in Lake Forest, just outside Chicago, Jess finds herself alone again except for her longtime housekeeper and cook, Anna. Frank comes to call and is invited to stay for dinner. However, Ginna phones and tells Jess than she and Cary have spotted Scott at a club. Jess asks Frank if they can go out instead of eating at home, and gets all dressed up. At the club, Jess deliberately bumps into Scott and finds out that he is stationed in Chicago, but refrains from telling her that he is waiting for orders to go overseas. Another day, Scott asks Jess to meet him at his apartment before going out to dinner. A friend of Jess's mother, Stella Thompson, sees Jess enter his apartment. This becomes a subject of gossip among Jess's friends, including George's wife Riette, and eventually their children. Jess's mother, Mary, confronts Scott on Christmas Eve. All the while, however, Jess's relationship with Scott is platonic, though Jess has begun to return his affections, initially out of spite against the rumor mill. She later confronts it head-on at a New Year's Eve party. Behind closed doors and at Jess's insistence on knowing the source of the rumors, Riette expresses her disapproval of Jess's behavior. Jess tells her that she is doing nothing wrong and she will not be deterred by other people's opinions. She leaves the party with Scott, going to Chicago to ring in the new year. Back at Jess's house, the boys hear them come home at 3 am. Jess tells Scott she loves him and he abruptly tells her that it will not work out, as he has orders to report in New York tomorrow for his next assignment, which could be anywhere overseas. Jess tells him that she will go with him to New York so they may spend as much time together as they can. They agree to meet at the train platform at 7. Afterward, Kim and Keith ask her if she is really leaving for New York. She affirms that she is. In the early morning, when she goes to her sons' room to say goodbye. Horrified, Jess discovers their beds are empty. She gets a call from Mary, who informs her they are at her house. She goes there and pleads with her sons to understand her loneliness and grief and that she greatly loved their father and he will always hold a place in her heart, but she has room to love another. Keith embraces her and tells her that even though he does not understand, he just wants her to be happy. At 7 o'clock, Jess runs down the train platform searching for Scott. She hurriedly tells him she cannot go with him as her sons are too young to understand the situation. Scott tells her that he knows he is meant to be with her and asks her to wait for his return, before leaving on the train.
Oh My Friend	Telugu	romance	Venu Sriram	The movie begins with Chandu (Siddharth Narayan) and Siri (Shruti Haasan) as childhood friends. Chandu and Siri call each other Faltoos and Killer, respectively, affectionately. Their friendship remains intact even as they grow up. Chandu who was sent to Mumbai to do MBA, instead learns music and returns home which leads to agony of his father. However, Siri convinces Chandu's father that it is her responsibility to take care of Chandu's career. They go for an audition there they get a fight with a band and he is sent out of the audition. Prior to that, Siri accepts the love proposal by Uday (Navdeep), who lives in US after consulting Chandu. Later, Chandu and Siri accidentally meet their common friend in college, Ritu Sharma (Hansika Motwani) and Chandu falls in love with her at first sight. Chandu starts spending time with Ritu to impress her, but Siri feels that she is being avoided. Siri decides to leave for a dancing School at Chennai. Meanwhile, Ritu accepts Chandu's love proposal. When Siri is about to leave, Chandu apologises her that he had not noticed that she was being avoided. At the same time, Uday comes back from US to surprise her. Hence, she decides not to leave. Chandu decides to attend Airtel music competition in Kochi as a lead guitarist in a band. Siri, Uday and Ritu accompany him to Kochi. They all stay in a hotel in Kochi, where Clarity Kanna Rao (Ali) is the servant. Chandu gets his practice through the band where he fought already but later on they become friends. Chandu wins the competition with guitar gifted by Siri. However, the events in kochi displaying deep friendship between Chandu and Siri attracts jealousy of both Ritu and Uday. Finally Uday calls for break up by asking to decide between him and Chandu. Chandu's father defends Uday's opinion and asks Chandu and Siri to realise their love. But, Chandu insists that their friendship can't be turned into love and tells Uday to marry Siri, promising him that he will not be in touch, see her and talk to her for ever. The movie ends with Siri giving birth to Uday's child, while Chandu and Ritu, now a married couple, come to see them at the hospital. At the hospital, Uday realizes his mistake of separating them and asks Chandu and Siri to become friends again. They both reunite as Ritu enters and feels happy for them. The four friends leave with Siri and Uday's baby in Chandu's car, now best friends forever.
Sorry Bhai!	Bollywood	romance	Onir	Siddharth Mathur (Sharman Joshi), a shy young scientist, travels to Mauritius for his elder brother Harsh's (Sanjay Suri) wedding. Accompanying him is his mother Gayatri (Shabana Azmi), a reluctant traveller since she is angry at Harsh for deciding to get married without consulting them. Also travelling is Siddharth's cheery father Navin (Boman Irani), whose sole entertainment is pulling Gayatri's leg. Harsh, pre-occupied with work, can spend little time with his family and it is left to his fiancée Aaliyah (Chitrangada Singh) to show them around Mauritius before the wedding. However, Ma's anger at Harsh ensures that she takes an instant dislike for Aaliyah, and it is Aaliyah and Siddharth who end up spending loads of time together. This, added to the fact that Aaliyah feels neglected by the career-obsessed Harsh, leads to them being irresistibly drawn to each other. A horrified Siddharth battles this attraction desperately, but Aaliyah has fallen madly in love and pursues him with single-minded determination. When Siddharth’s defences start crumbling and Ma starts getting suspicious, all hell breaks loose in the Mathur family.
Lancelot and Guinevere	American	romance	Cornel Wilde	Lancelot is King Arthur's most valued Knight of the Round Table and a paragon of courage and virtue. Things change, however, when he falls in love with Queen Guinevere. A sub-plot concerns Arthur's effort to forestall a challenge from a rival king, a problem that will inevitably catch Lancelot up in a personal conflict. In order to marry Guinevere, King Leodogran's daughter, King Arthur must find a knight to defeat Leodogran's champion. Arthur chooses Lancelot, who mortally wounds his opponent. On the way back to Camelot, Lancelot foils an attempt on Guinevere's life by Sir Modred, Arthur's illegitimate son; and before the end of the journey, Lancelot and Guinevere realize their love for each other. Though Lancelot is loyal to Arthur and Guinevere's marriage to the King takes place as planned, it is not long before the two become lovers. Modred spies on them and informs Arthur of his wife's infidelity. Lancelot escapes, but Guinevere is condemned to be burned at the stake. He returns in time to save her and then offers to give himself up provided there will be no retaliation. Nevertheless, Arthur banishes him and sends Guinevere to a convent. Years later, Modred murders Arthur for his throne, and Lancelot returns to defeat him, thus ending the civil war that has been raging in Britain. He then finds Guinevere about to take the vows of a nun.
Man Wanted	American	romance	William Dieterle	Lois Ames (Kay Francis) is the editor of 400 Magazine, whose wealthy husband, Fred (Kenneth Thomson), pays her little attention. His interests are polo and partying. When her personal secretary, (Charlotte Merriam), can no longer take the long hours of work and quits, Lois hires Tom Sherman (David Manners), a handsome man who happens to come by the office to demonstrate a rowing machine, as her new secretary. Tom soon makes himself indispensable to Lois, and their long hours spent together leads them to fall in love with each other. Tom's fiancée, Ruth Holman (Una Merkel), senses something is going on and isn't happy about it. Tom's roommate, Andy Doyle (Andy Devine), uses Tom's absences and Ruth's distress to try to romance Ruth himself. Meanwhile, Lois's husband, Fred, is having an affair with Anna Le Maire (Claire Dodd). Lois finds out when she discovers a key to Anna's room in Fred's vest pocket, which she puts on Fred's pillow; nothing is said between them, but Fred now knows that Lois knows about his infidelity. After things go too far between Tom and Lois, Tom quits and begins to plan a wedding with Ruth. Lois tries to smooth things over with Fred, but instead they agree on an amicable divorce. On Tom's last day of work, Lois keeps him busy until very late, and he misses a dinner engagement with Ruth and Andy. Ruth storms into the office, with Andy in tow, and threatens to tell Fred about the affair. Lois tells everyone about the divorce, Ruth breaks her engagement with Tom and threatens to marry Andy in revenge, and Tom asks Lois to marry him.
Nuvve Kavali	Telugu	romance	Vijayabhaskar	Tarun (Tarun) and Madhu (Richa Pallod) are childhood best buddies. They were born on the same day, in the same hospital. Even their parents are best friends from their college years and are now neighbors. Tarun and Madhu are inseparable, so much so that they study in the same college in the same class. Everyone knows them to be just friends, except Varsha (Varsha), the innocent and clumsy girl who has an enormous crush on Tarun. She notices his feelings towards Madhu and asks him about that, which he firmly and laughingly denies. Another student Prakash (Sai Kiran), a very talented singer, develops feelings towards Madhu when she spontaneously sings along with him at a college function. He, Madhu and others leave for Bangalore for a week to participate in a few inter-college competitions. As they are apart for the first time in their lives, Tarun starts missing Madhu very badly, but does not understand his feelings. His maid Rukku (Kovai Sarala), who often teases him and Madhu, starts teasing him that he is missing her because he loves her. Slowly, Tarun begins to realize that indeed, he loves her. He buys a gift and greeting card to express himself when she returns. Meanwhile he sees a girl from his college slapping her friend because he proposed to her. She, in a distressed mood, says that such guys are a shame towards friendship as they pretend to be friends but really have other intentions. She wishes that every guy could be like Tarun so that a girl and guy could be best friends without any worries. Tarun decides not to express his feelings to Madhu lest she too react in the same. Madhu returns from Bangalore and tells Tarun that Prakash proposed to her during their stay. She comes to his room to ask him what to reply and by mistake half opens the drawer in which he kept his greeting card and gift. He hurriedly closes it and asks her not to open that and tells her to agree to the proposal if she likes Prakash. She finally agrees to Prakash's proposal but later things start to get a little rough as Prakash doesn't like the intimacy Tarun and Madhu share. Soon Prakash's grandmother comes to Madhu's house to set the date for their marriage. Her parents agree and marriage preparations are underway. It is decided that after marriage, Madhu will leave with Prakash to USA where his whole family is settled. It is then that she realises this marriage means breaking her relationship with Tarun and leaving forever. She suddenly dislikes getting married and tries to talk to Tarun about it. He casually says that it is all part of life and inevitable. She asks how can he talk so cold heartedly. She says she wishes she did not have to leave and wonders why she had to love Prakash. She scolds him why he did not get the idea to love her in the first place. At this point Tarun, ruled by emotions, hugs Madhu and cries and runs away from her. Madhu growns suspicious of his actions and remembers the drawer which he did not let her open. She goes to his room and is shocked to find the card and gift. She says that she does not want to marry Prakash and will tell everyone about them. Tarun firmly refuses saying that their parents have given them unlimited freedom and it would be very selfish and irresponsible of them to break their trust. At his insistence she goes through the engagement ceremony. After the engagement, Tarun says that he has to go to a basketball match out of the state and will not be there for the marriage. The parents try to convince him but he doesn't listen. Madhu gives him a ride to the station and on the way they remember their entire childhood. At the station as Tarun is boarding the train, Madhu weeps and holds him. He is unable to leave. At the house, the maid tells their parents everything and they come to the station. They find Madhu and Tarun on the platform stairs and tell them that what they feel is not wrong and it is the way of the world. They assure the love birds that Madhu's marriage to Prakash will cancelled.
The Bigamist	British	romance	Guy Newall	A happily married couple's life is turned upside down when they are approached by a woman also claiming to be the husband's wife.
Keyamat Theke Keyamat	Bangladeshi	romance	Sohanur Rahman Sohan	Mirza and Khan are two rival influential families in the village. Kabir Khan engages in a love affair with Dimple Mirza and makes her pregnant. But Kabir later refuses to marry Dimple leading to suicide of Dimple. Mirza Salauddin avenges the death by killing Kabir and is sentenced to imprisonment. After he is released from prison, his son Raj falls in love with Reshma from the Khan family which resurfaces the old feud between the two families. Raj and Reshma elope to avoid the enmity between their families but this further complicates the situation.
The Girl He Left Behind	American	romance	David Butler	Andy Schaeffer is a spoiled mama's boy who usually gets his way. He breezes through college while girlfriend Susan Daniels studies hard while also working at a job to pay for her education. She isn't sure where their relationship is going. Where it's going for Andy is the Army, because his grades have become so poor at school, he's being drafted. Andy reports for basic training at Fort Ord, making it clear to everybody there that he'd rather be anyplace else.
Oru Naal Oru Kanavu	Tamil	romance	Fazil	The story revolves around Maya (Sonia Agarwal), a college student, who always wants to triumphs in all her endeavors. She comes across a middle class youth, Cheenu (Srikanth), a happy-go-lucky-youngster, who strives to work hard to get his sisters married well. A few encounters (Maya and Cheenu) results in wordy duels between them leading to Maya challenging Cheenu that she will make him fall in love with her. Her further course of action to achieve her challenge leaves Cheenu frustrated and he decides to take revenge on her by pretending to fall in love with her. Maya who starts to spend more time with Cheenu comes to know of his kind heart and his good nature and eventually develops an honest love towards him. She even helps him in setting his own business house. Slowly Cheenu too comes to know of Maya's nobleness and generosity land falls in love with her. Trouble comes in the form of her brothers who threaten Cheenu of dire consequences. Cheenu resolves to earn more and become rich and then hold the hands of Maya. But Maya has plans otherwise. Does the couple end up getting married forms the rest of the story.
Muramba	Marathi	romance	Varun Narvekar	Alok (Amey Wagh) and Indu (Mithila Palkar) have been dating for three years. Indu works as an executive in an ad agency and is focused on her career. Alok, despite holding a gold medal in the Masters in Business Administration degree works as a substitute accounts teacher at a coaching class. At a party where Indu isn't present, Alok and she break up over the phone. Alok's parents (Sachin Khedekar & Chinmayi Sumit) who are aware and accepting of their relationship, want them to get engaged next month. When Alok informs them of the break-up, they are disturbed and attempt to get him to talk about it, despite his protests. In flashbacks we see Alok feel insecure and jealous when Indu talks of moving to Kerala for a year, befriends male co-workers and is unable to give Alok time and attention because of her job. Alok justifies the break-up by explaining to his parents Indu's changed behaviour, her partying and drinking habits and is firm on not wanting to get back together. His father however, wants to hear Indu's side of the story too. He tricks Alok & his mother into going out to lunch, but also invites Indu, who agrees out of respect towards Alok's parents. In the restaurant things turn awkward when Alok's father gets Indu & Alok to mention each other's best qualities, with Alok saying that Indu is better than him in every way. Later in private, Indu confronts Alok about telling his parents about their break-up and her drinking. She asks Alok why he isn't able to find a steady job, or why he chooses to do random jobs despite having been a gold medallist at college. She leaves abruptly, calling later to apologise to Alok's parents. As they head back home, we see flashbacks to Alok and Indu's last fight, where Indu confronts Alok about not showing up for interviews or leaving jobs half-way. She tells him she has read his emails in an attempt to understand Alok's behaviour and knows that Alok lied to them about why he quit his year-long internship in Boston. She asks him what he's afraid of. Alok, upset and angry at Indu for reading his emails asks her to get out of his house. In the present day, Alok's parents are preparing for guests to arrive. Alok has completely forgotten that it's his parents' anniversary. When he goes upstairs to fetch his father, Alok catches him listening to an old recording of him talking about Indu. Alok wants to know why his father has been taking Indu's side. Alok's father explains to him that he had seen Alok struggle with fear of failure after his MBA, but was certain that Indu would help him get through it. He explains to Alok that Indu has simply been trying to get Alok out of his comfort zone, but Alok never gave her a chance. Alok realises his mistake and rushes to Indu's house and apologises for the way he treated her. Indu forgives him. The movie ends with Alok & Indu celebrating Alok's parents' anniversary.
Do Dil Diwane	Bollywood	romance	C. V. Rajendran	Ravi is in denial about his mental health as a result of the death of his girlfriend. His father and friend Raju played by Suruli Rajan hatch a plan to take him overseas to get him treatment for his illness. He meets his childhood friend Nirmala Rati Agnihotri. With the help of Nirmala and Raju, Ravi gets better. The second half of the film deals with how Ravi's uncle tries to kill him to get his hands on his fortune and how Ravi overcomes his uncle. The film is famous for its songs some of which are considered Ilaiyaraaja's masterpieces including deiveega raagam, azhagu aayiram and germaniyin senthen malare. Rati Agnihotri played heroine's role. Major Sundarajan played the role of Kamal Haasan's[1] father.
M. Butterfly	American	romance	David Cronenberg	Loosely based on true events (see Bernard Boursicot and Shi Pei Pu), the film concerns René Gallimard (Jeremy Irons), a French diplomat assigned to Beijing, China in the 1960s. He becomes infatuated with a Chinese opera performer, Song Liling (John Lone), who spies on him for the Government of the People's Republic of China. Their affair lasts for 20 years, with Gallimard all the while apparently unaware (or willfully ignorant) of the fact that in traditional Chinese opera, all roles are performed by men.
Nuvvu Vastavani	Telugu	romance	Pratap	The movie starts with Chinni (Nagarjuna) revealing, on a train journey from Pune to Hyderabad, that he just got out of jail after seven years. His past is revealed in a flashback. He had been a singer, waiting for the big break. Indu (Simran Bagga) hears his voice though she doesn't see him and becomes his fan. When Chinni realizes this, he tries to reveal who he is but circumstances place him and Indu in situations where she ends up thinking that he is a rowdy. Chinni ultimately becomes responsible for her losing her eyesight too. He devotes himself to her from then onwards attending to her every need. She learns to respect and love him too, thinking that he is the singer and not knowing that he is the same person she thought was a rowdy. Chinni had been telling his mother everything by letter and when she dies, she donates her eyes to Indu. To come up with the money needed for the operation, Chinni donates his kidney and has to travel to Pune for the same. Ready to get back, he is arrested after agreeing to look after the luggage (which turns out to contain ammunition) of another man. Back in the present, everything has changed at the place he used to live. He catches a glimpse of Indu, now the collector. He goes to meet her, and after some mishaps unites with her.
Turn Left, Turn Right	Hong Kong	romance	Johnnie To	The story tells of two people who live in buildings right next to each other, separated only by a wall, and are always near each other but can't seem to find one another. John Liu (Takeshi Kaneshiro) is a violinist who works from job to job. During one of his gigs, he meets June, who offers to give him a ride home. However she flirts aggressively with John during the ride which frightens him. To get away from her he jumps out of her car and makes a run for his apartment building. The next day he sees her waiting for him on the left corner of his building which makes him avoid going to the left of his building. Eve Choi (Gigi Leung) is a translator for a book publishing company. Her job is to translate foreign books into Chinese. She is given the daunting task of translating a horror novel into Chinese. At night while translating the horror novel she gets frightened and thinks her home is haunted. The next day she notices a scary-looking tree to the right of her apartment building and, frightened, she refuses to go to the right of her building. John and Eve meet by accident at the park fountain, when he helps her pick up her papers that have fallen into the fountain. They find out that they had met each other when they were younger at an amusement park, when both their schools had organized a field trip to the same place. Then, Eve had asked John for his telephone number, but the two never got in touch because she left her school bag on the train and lost John's phone number. The two laugh about the past and exchange phone numbers without asking for each other's name before parting quickly because of a coming rainstorm. That night, both are happy and excited to have met each other again, but both also came down with the flu because of the earlier rainstorm. The flu medication John has on hand has expired and he decides not to take it. Eve is overjoyed and forgets to take her medication. The next day the two are devastated to find out that the phone numbers they had exchanged are unreadable due to the paper getting wet during the rainstorm. Both can only make out a few numbers and vainly call several phone numbers at random hoping to get through to one another. One of the numbers they called is a restaurant that Ruby (Terri Kwan) works at as a waitress and delivery person. Both John and Eve, ill and not wanting to leave their home because they're afraid that they would miss the other person's phone call, decides to order delivery from Ruby's restaurant. Ruby falls in love with John at first sight when she arrives at his home to make her delivery. Seeing the smudged pieces of paper on both John and Eve's table, Ruby soon finds out that the two are trying to find each other. To distract John from the apartment located in the next building Ruby tells him an old lady lives in that apartment. John's and Eve's flu become so severe that they are both taken to the hospital, John by Ruby and Eve by an ambulance. They both meet Dr. Hu (Edmund Chen), but Dr. Hu happens to be a former University classmate of Eve's, who has a crush on her. He tells Eve that it must be fate that they met each other again and proceeds to check her into the hospital to get the best care possible, while discharging John from the hospital, changing his mind only when Ruby argues with him about how severe John's illness is. Both John and Eve give their home keys to Ruby and Dr. Hu to set up voicemail at their home in case the other person calls. Once John and Eve are discharged from the hospital they find out that Dr. Hu and Ruby had literally moved into each of their apartments, but both make it clear that they are not interested in them since they already love someone else. Heartbroken, drunk and sobbing to each other Dr. Hu and Ruby decide to get together. Taking revenge on John and Eve for breaking their hearts, they send pictures to them showing how many places they had missed finding each other. John and Eve find Dr. Hu and Ruby to talk about the pictures they had received in the mail. Ruby gives Eve's phone number to John telling him it's her number to test if she was ever in his heart and Dr. Hu does the same to Eve, but they do not call. John and Eve are frustrated about not being able to find each other and decide to take jobs abroad. On the day they are to leave Taiwan, an earthquake strikes, destroying the wall that separates their apartment. Both finally find each other.[2]
Blue Crush	American	romance	John Stockwell	Anne Marie (Kate Bosworth), Eden (Michelle Rodriguez) and Lena (Sanoe Lake) are best friends. They raised Anne Marie's 14-year-old sister, Penny (Mika Boorem), ever since their mother took off to Las Vegas with a boyfriend who was uncomfortable with the idea of having the two girls come along. While Penny is at school, Anne Marie, Eden and Lena work as maids at a large resort hotel, but more importantly, they are surfers. Anne Marie rises every morning before dawn to train for her surfing comeback, and was once considered a rising star in women's surfing and competed as a youth, but an extreme wipeout and near-drowning incident temporarily halted her career, and left her with deep-seated fears. Her friends, especially Eden, have encouraged her to try it again. Anne Marie has been invited to join in an upcoming surf competition at the famed North Shore surf spot, Pipeline. She hopes to gain the attention of sponsors and get herself and her friends out of the near-poverty they are living in. As the Pipeline competition gets closer, she struggles to keep Penny under control and deal with her own personal issues. At work, Anne Marie meets and catches the eye of Matt Tollman (Matthew Davis), a National Football League quarterback in Hawaii for the Pro Bowl (it is hinted that he plays for the Minnesota Vikings). Matt is there with several of his rowdy teammates and instantly becomes attracted to the surfer. Through a series of chance encounters, she agrees to teach him how to surf for $150 per hour, and brings Lena, Eden and Penny along for the ride. When she goes to Matt's hotel room to get the money, they kiss as a call comes and Anne suspects that it is his wife but he promises it is his niece. Later they sleep together. Her acceptance of a non-local begins to cause friction between her and many of the young men in her surfing social circle. Anne Marie faces more problems when she and Eden argue about Anne Marie's lack of dedication to training for the Pipeline contest due to the sudden appearance of Matt. She also has to hear demeaning comments from several of the other football players' wives and girlfriends staying at the hotel about how she is undergoing the Matt Tollman makeover while attending a luau at the resort. Anne Marie confronts Matt about their situation and soon resolves to step up her game, as she finally commits herself to the Pipeline Masters. On the day of Pipeline, Anne Marie wipes out during her first heat, but advances to the next heat after narrowly beating pro surfer Kate Skarratt. She is shaken, but Matt tells her a story about his first game as an NFL quarterback and helps her regain her wavering confidence. Determined, but still afraid, Anne Marie returns to the water. Competing in the same heat is Keala Kennelly, one of the first professional female surfers, playing herself. While Keala surfs the first few sets of waves without wipe-outs, Anne Marie still has inhibitions about riding one, visions of another near-drowning incident holding her back. Keala finishes her turn, then paddles out and takes Anne Marie under her wing and encourages her to take the best wave of the day, on which Anne Marie manages to score perfectly. Although she does not advance to the next heat, she has regained her lost confidence, but also attracted the notice of sponsors, one of which includes an offer to join the Billabong women's surf team.
A Walk to Remember	American	romance	Adam Shankman	In Beaufort, North Carolina, popular and rebellious teenager Landon Carter and his friends have been found of underage drinking on school grounds and seriously injuring another student during a prank gone wrong. The principal gives Landon the choice of being expelled or atoning for his actions by tutoring fellow students and participating in the school play. Choosing and doing the latter, Landon notices Jamie Sullivan, who he has known since kindergarten and is the local minister's daughter. He has seldom paid any attention to her, as she is labeled as an outsider and a geek because of her interest in astronomy. Landon has trouble learning his lines for the play, so Jamie, who is also in the play, agrees to help him on one condition: for him to not fall in love with her, and he laughs it off and dismisses it as a foolish idea. They begin practicing together at her house after school, but Landon remains wary of ruining his image by being friendly with an outsider like her. At one point he makes the insulting suggestion that they be secret friends, and Jamie's hurt but mature response embarrasses Landon. He then stops being dismissive of Jamie and treats her like a friend. They get to know each other and a spark of romance buds between them. On the opening night of the play, Jamie astounds Landon and the audience with her voice and beauty. When Jamie finishes singing towards the end, Landon kisses her, which is not a part of the play. Afterwards, Jamie avoids Landon until his friends play a cruel prank on her. In opposition to his friends, he protects her and she eventually warms up to him again. Landon asks Jamie on a date, but Jamie says her father will not let her date. Landon asks her father for permission, bringing up that he is looking for a chance at redemption with her and at life through her. Jamie's father is initially hesitant but agrees. On their first date, Landon helps Jamie to fulfill her list of things she wants to achieve in life. On another date, where Jamie is silent and unfocused, she confesses she isn't making any plans for the future because she has leukemia and hasn't been responding to treatment. A desperate Landon asks for his father's help in curing her, but is disappointed by his reply and takes a long drive home thinking about Jamie. Landon's friends become aware of the tragedy looming, and give him their support. Jamie's condition grows worse and gets sent to the hospital. While there, Jamie gives Landon a book that once belonged to her deceased mother and tells him that maybe God sent Landon to her to help her through the rough times and that Landon is her angel. Unbeknownst to Landon, Jamie is given private home care by Landon's estranged father to relieve her father's financial burden. Landon visits his dad, tearfully thanking him for his help, embracing and reuniting. Landon builds a telescope for Jamie to see a one-time comet in the springtime. Jamie's father helps him get it finished in time and it is brought to her on the balcony where she gets a beautiful view of the comet. It is then that Landon asks her to marry him. Jamie tearfully accepts, and they get married in the church where her mother got married. They spend their last summer together filled with strong love. Jamie's leukemia ends up killing her when summer ends. Four years later, Landon has finished college and been accepted into medical school. He visits Reverend Sullivan to return Jamie’s precious book. Landon apologizes to the Reverend for Jamie not witnessing a miracle, but the Reverend disagrees saying that in fact she did and that her miracle was Landon. Landon visits the docks contemplating the belief that although Jamie is dead, she is with him. It is then he understands love is like the wind; you can't see it, but you can feel it.
Love in a Fallen City	Hong Kong	romance	Ann Hui	The film is set in 1940s Shanghai and Hong Kong. Bai Liu-Su (Cora Miao) is an introverted divorcée who has her fair share of misery after breaking up with her good-for-nothing husband. Her large, extended family feels she has shamed them through divorce. Her situation at home has become unbearable. A charming Malayan businessman based in Hong Kong, Fan Liu-yuan (Chow Yun-Fat), who is always surrounded by women, happens to visit Shanghai and becomes interested in Bai after chancing on her through mutual friends. Fan sees in Bai what many others don't and tries his best to make her fall in love again. A middle-aged couple tries to matchmake the two. Bai takes a gamble and decides to visit Hong Kong with the Japanese invasion of China looming, willing to risk all just to get out of her awkward family situation; even though she falls for Fan, future is uncertain. It is only through surviving war-torn Hong Kong as civilians that the two realize that they truly love each other.
Bazi	Bengali	romance	Shayma Prasad Mishra	Kashinath and Raju are villagers of Palashpur village. They are very close friends. Kashinath is not a good student, while Raju is brilliant. Kashinath gets a T.C from his school because of hurting the school teacher. Raju's parents decide to send him to Kolkata for higher studies. Raju and Kashinath go to a studio to get a photograph of themselves. After that Raju leaves for Kolkata. After 15 years Raju is well settled in life. He is doing a good job. But Kashinath has not completed his studies. They are very good friends even now. One day Kashinath comes to Kolkata to meet Raju. They both enjoy a lot. Kashinath is not habituated with the environment of Kolkata. He is not familiar with the social etiquettes. One day Kashinath meets Bobby in Manisha's birth day party. Manisha is the only daughter of Rajus landlord. In this party everybody treats Kashinath like a joking stuff. But Bobby does not support that. Raju tells Kashinath to keep safe distance from these girls. But Bobby one day suddenly proposes to Kashinath. Kashinath feels uncomfortable. Raju becomes angry. Raju tries to make Kashinath understand that Bobby is not suitable for him. Because Bobby is an ultra modern educated lady and she comes from a very rich family. Bobbys elder brother Rishi threatens Kashinath and Bobby. Rishi appoints some goons to teach Kashinath a good lesson. Kashinath also realises his love for Bobby. Raju again forbids them to continue this relationship, because this may be harmful for Kashinath. Rishi lodges a false complaint to the police against Kashinath. Police arrests him. Police tortures Kashinath very badly. On the other hand, Manisha loves Raju, but Raju does not pay any attention to her. Lastly everybody understands their mistake. Kashinath gets married with Bobby and Raju also agrees to marry Manisha.
Zindagi Tere Naam	Bollywood	romance	Ashu Trikha	The film starts with an old man, named Mr. Singh (Mithun Chakraborty), narrating a story to an old woman as her memory is slipping day by day. Mr. Singh tells about young lovers Siddharth and Anjali, played by Aseem Ali Khan and Priyanka Mehta, respectively. Anjali is a rich girl, but Siddharth is a poor man's son. Anjali's father (Dalip Tahil) disapproves this affair and takes the daughter away. Dejected Siddharth starts writing letters to her. He writes 365 letters in that entire year, but never hears from Anjali. She believes that he has forgotten her. Years pass and Anjali could not find Siddharth, so she eventually plans to settle down with another man. But destiny had other ideas and the two lovers meet again. As the flashback ends, the film goes back to the elder couple. The old woman realizes that Mr. Singh was telling the story about their own love story, and her memories of the past come rushing back. Mr. Singh is briefly happy, but his wife's memory leaves again.
The Age of Adaline	American	romance	Lee Toland Krieger	One afternoon in San Francisco, Adaline Bowman purchases fake IDs at an apartment before returning home to feed her dog. She then goes to work and opens a box of film reels, including one that explains her life. She was born on New Years Day 1908, then later married and gave birth to a daughter, only to become a widow after her husband died in a tragic accident. Years later, in 1937, Adaline crashed her car when she swerved into a ravine during a snowstorm and died in the freezing lake nearby, but a lightning strike suddenly revived her. From that moment on, Adaline has stayed physically 29 years old. Ever since, she has changed her identification and address according to the era, while her daughter Flemming ages normally, appearing older than Adaline. One night, two suspicious FBI agents attempt to force her onto an airplane for study, but she escapes captivity and realizes that she will have to spend the rest of her life on the run. On New Year's Eve in the present year, she attends a party where she meets Ellis Jones, introducing herself as her current alias, Jennifer. He asks to see her again but she refuses, knowing she can never fall in love because she can never have a normal future with someone. The next day at work, Ellis arrives and again asks Adaline to go on a date with him. Finally she accepts. In a flashback, Adaline is shown pulling up in a cab to a park where a man is waiting, holding an engagement ring. Scared, she asks the cab driver to keep going. Back in the present day, Adaline's dog falls ill and she begins to ignore Ellis' calls. He shows up at her apartment but she pushes him away, only to have a change of heart while looking through some old photographs and realizing she doesn't want to live the same year a hundred times without having a natural life. They later resolve their argument and Ellis asks Adaline to attend the party at his parents' house celebrating his parents' fortieth anniversary, and she says yes. Upon their arrival, Ellis introduces her to his father, William, who recognizes her instantly and calls her Adaline. She appears to recognize him, too, but lies, telling him that Adaline was her mother, who has since died. A flashback shows how they met and came to be in love, soon revealing that he was the man with the engagement ring she stood up that afternoon. One night, Ellis tells Adaline he is falling in love with her and she is unsure of how to react. The following day, Adaline talks with William outside and he notices a scar on her left hand, and becomes shaken. Another flashback reveals that Adaline cut her hand while they were hiking decades ago and he had stitched it up himself. He realizes that she is truly Adaline and confronts her. She becomes upset, claiming she used to be normal and doesn't know what changed her. He begs her not to run, for Ellis' sake, but she says she doesn't know how to stay. She flees and returns to the house, writing a note to Ellis while he showers, then she packs her things and leaves. Moments later, Ellis finds the letter and confronts his father, who refuses to explain. While driving home, Adaline thinks of all the times she has run and suddenly has a change of heart about the way she lives her life. She stops and calls her daughter to tell her she is going to stop running. As she turns the car around, a tow truck plows into her in a hit-and-run accident, leaving her to die. Freezing and helpless, Adaline dies again. An ambulance arrives and she is revived by the electricity of the defibrillator. Later in the hospital, she wakes up to Ellis, and the two profess their love for one another. Adaline then tells him of her 107 years of life. One year later, Ellis and Adaline are going to a New Year's Eve party. As she is leaving, she notices something strange in the hallway mirror: her first grey hair, proving she has begun to age naturally again. When Ellis asks if she is okay, she responds: Yes... Perfect.
Salaam-e-Ishq: A Tribute to Love	Bollywood	romance	Nikhil Advani	Born in Dehra Dun, temperamental and ambitious Kamna changes her name to Kamini Ranawat (Priyanka Chopra), hires Babu (Tinnu Anand) as her manager, and becomes one of the most sought-after heroines in Bollywood. As a publicity stunt to change her image from item queen and to get the attention of filmmaker Karan Johar she says she is in love with a man named Rahul. In London a man saying he is Rahul Khanna (Salman Khan) poses as her childhood sweetheart and future husband. Kamna has to play along or she will not get the film deal she was looking for with Karan Johar. This results in a dilemma for her as Rahul reveals he loved her back when she was Kamna and she has to choose between her career and Rahul. Gia Bakshi (Ayesha Takia) lives with her dad, Col. Bakshi (Prem Chopra), and is in love with Shiven Dungarpur (Akshaye Khanna). Both are to get married shortly, but Shiven starts to get cold feet thanks to a few misleading words about marriage from his friend Juggy (Vishal Malhotra). He decides to disappear from her life, leaving Col. Bakshi no alternative but to arrange Gia's marriage with Rohit Chhada (Kushal Punjabi). Gia's sister, Seema (Juhi Chawla), who lives in Britain, has been married to Vinay Malhotra (Anil Kapoor) for 15 years, and they have two children. Vinay sees his life as boring and dull, until a woman named Anjali (Anjana Sukhani) comes into his life. The two start to meet and begin an affair, but while preparing to travel to India for Gia's marriage, Seema finds out about Vinay's affair – leaving her heartbroken. Ashutosh Raina (John Abraham) is a Hindu but falls in love and gets married to Tehzeeb Hussain (Vidya Balan), who is Muslim, much to the chagrin of his father (Anang Desai) who will not have anything to do with him. Tehzeeb is a TV news reporter; while travelling on an inaugural train route, the train derails. Tehzeeb survives but loses her memory, and is unable to recall who Ashutosh is – and may end up leaving him and returning to her parents' home. Ashutosh takes Tehzeeb to his parent's house where they first met so that Tehzeeb can restore her memories but Ashutosh must deal with his father in order to help her. Raju (Govinda) is a taxi driver who comes to the assistance of a white woman, Stephanie (Shannon Esra), who is frantically trying to hunt down her lover, Rohit Chhada (Kushal Punjabi). While Raju drives her around all of Northern India searching for Rohit he falls in love with her and finally drops her off to the venue where Rohit is getting ready to marry Gia. However, it turns out that Rohit doesn't want to marry Stephanie because he wants to marry an Indian girl and tells her to get lost. Raju slaps Rohit across the face and confesses his love for Stephanie. Ramdayal (Sohail Khan) weds attractive Phoolwati (Isha Koppikar) and would like to spend some intimate moments with her, but comical circumstances prevent him from doing so. On the day they get married, Ram accidentally sets the room on fire ruining his and Phoolwati's first night. At a brothel, Ram gets kicked out when 5 kids see him kissing Phoolwati. Ram and Phoolwati hid in the car but they got injured when the car comes crashing into a house.
Minugu[1]	Kannada	romance	Jaywanth Anthony	Aditya (Sunil) and Sanchita (Pooja) study in the same college and become friends. While Aditya develops love towards Sanchita, she remains focused on her dreams of becoming a cinema star. After the studies, she eventually becomes a star and finds an overnight success. Aditya, on the other hand, remains jobless and becomes dependent on his only sister's earnings. His love towards Sanchita grows more after she reaches stardom and all this will be under the observation of her co-star Siddharth (Ajith) who is jealous of her success. He hatches a plot to demean her using Aditya as a pawn. He befriends Aditya and asks him to do activities that irks her and make her hate him and even send him to jail. The rest of the story tells about how Sanchita comes to know Siddharth's tricks and how she reunites with Aditya.
Dance with Me	American	romance	Randa Haines	After burying his mother, Rafael Infante (Chayanne) comes from Santiago, Cuba to Houston, Texas to work for a man named John Burnett (Kris Kristofferson) as a handyman in Burnett's dance studio. It soon becomes clear to the audience that Burnett is the father Rafael never knew. While there he finds himself falling for a dancer and instructor Ruby Sinclair (Vanessa L. Williams), who incidentally brought him to the studio. It turns out that the dancers in the studio are preparing for a dance competition in Las Vegas and that Ruby would be taking part as well. Rafael gets close to Ruby and their attraction to each other grows, but she is not willing to commit herself to a relationship as she seems more interested in her dancing. Meanwhile, Rafael's arrival and persona wins him the friendship of an older dancer Bea Johnson (Joan Plowright) as well as the studio receptionist Lovejoy (Beth Grant), but it also causes some discomfort to Burnett, who suddenly begins to withdraw into himself and takes less interest in the preparations for the competition, much to the chagrin of his own partner Patricia Black (Jane Krakowski). While visiting Burnett at his home, Rafael notices and offers to repair his old and broken-down truck. He and Ruby go downtown to get the parts needed to repair the truck and are invited to an engagement party by a Cuban man whose daughter was getting engaged. While there, both of them discover more about each other as he tells her that his mother had died but that he never knew his father. Later, Rafael invites Ruby to a dance party at a club in the city and they agree to go on the following Saturday night. Before leaving, Rafael helps Patricia learn a dance lift she had been practicing, explaining that his mother made him take a little ballet. The following Saturday, he and Ruby go to the party in which they perform, along with other dancers, the Latin Salsa dancing to a song by Albita Rodriguez. After the party, he takes Ruby home where he discovers that she has a 7-year-old son Peter (Chaz Oswill) who is looked after by Bea in Ruby's absence and who happens to be fathered by Ruby's former dance partner, Julian Marshall (Rick Valenzuela). While there, he comes up to Ruby and they share a passionate kiss, but she eventually breaks it up. Later on Rafael comes to Burnett's home to show him the refurbished truck, to the latter's delight. while there, Patricia comes to the house and has a discussion with John asking him to explain why he suddenly lost interest in their choreography preparations. John then tells her that she can dance with Rafael if she wants and both she and Rafael start their practice to the amazement of the other dancers at the studio. After the rehearsal, Rafael overhears John telling Lovejoy that Ruby would be in Las Vegas without them and also asking her to switch his name with Rafael's when Patricia's dance comes up. Sensing that she wants to reunite with Julian, Rafael goes to see Ruby who explains that she wanted Peter to see his father often and that she did not want to be in love. While at a fishing trip with Burnett, Rafael is shocked when Burnett tells him to go back to Cuba after the competition and that he did not have a son. Devastated by the double rejection, he decides to return to Cuba after his dance with Patricia. At Las Vegas, Rafael meets Ruby and tells her that he was returning to Cuba after the competition. Burnett (who did not go) reflects on his cruel rejection of Rafael and decides to come to the dance to apologize to Rafael and persuade him not to go back to Cuba. Rafael dances with Patricia and while watching them, Ruby realized that she was in love with Rafael and felt a stab of jealousy seeing them together. Just as Rafael and Patricia leave the stage, Bea comes in, saying, I wanna do that too and she and Rafael perform a very humorous dance to the amusement and delight of the crowd. After the dance, Burnett meets and apologizes to Rafael, eventually convinces him to stay back and also commending his dancing. The main dances begin and Ruby and her partner Julian are involved. Despite the slight tension between them, they win the competition although Ruby almost all the time seems to keep her eyes on Rafael, who is in the audience and who is watching her, however he leaves and when Ruby looked around without seeing him, she breaks down in tears. Later at a dance party for all the contestants, Ruby is met by a man who wishes to promote her. However, to her relief, Rafael appears again and leads her to the dance floor for a final dance scene that has the rest of the dancers watching with admiration. The movie ends at the studio with the entire studio members and some new dancers dancing to the theme song You Are My Home by Chayanne and Williams themselves.
London, Paris, New York	Bollywood	romance	Anu Menon	The movie starts with Nikhil Chopra being interviewed by a reporter in New York asking him about his newly directed movie and why he chose a serious subject and he replies saying that he was asked by someone to be true to yourself and this movie shows the biggest truth about him. He then receives a message and rushes outside to catch a cab. In the cab, he remembers how he met Lalitha at the London airport in 2005. She misses her connecting flight to New York and bumps into Nikhil while collecting her luggage. They instantly strike a chord and decide to explore London as both of them do not want to head away to their homes but wish to enjoy their first day of freedom. During the day, they roam around in London, explore tourist locales, get drenched in rain and discuss personal ambitions. As the day ends, Nikhil and Lalitha become close but Lalitha declares that she cannot have a long distance relationship with him. While parting ways, Nikhil buys a ticket for himself and tells Lalitha that he will come to New York in 6 months to meet her. She says that they should not write to each other and he agrees to meet her at the New York airport. After 2 years, Nikhil rushes to Paris when he finds out that Lalitha has come there for an exchange program. It is revealed that Nikhil could never make it to New York as he had promised to Lalitha. Lalitha is at first angry with Nikhil for ditching her, however soon she makes peace with the fact and they set out roaming the streets of Paris. They still feel the same attraction for each other and end up spending the night together in Nikhil's hotel. Nikhil admits that he is in love with Lalitha. They start out to watch the film he has made for his course but Lalitha is unable to control her emotions on seeing it. It is revealed that Lalitha had actually taken a trip back to London when she also realized that she was in love with Nikhil. However, she finds him in bed with his film's actress which breaks her heart. She resolved to get even with Nikhil if given a chance. Realizing that Nikhil is in love with her, she breaks his heart too and leaves for New York. The film moves forward to present day when Nikhil lands outside Lalitha's house. They go together for a cab ride in New York City. Lalitha tells him that she is getting married to an American and relocating to Mumbai. Nikhil tries his best to win Lalitha's heart. Lalitha also apologized for breaking his heart. They again spend the night together on the streets. However, as morning arrives, Lalitha starts rushing for her wedding which leaves Nikhil heartbroken again as he had thought he had won back Lalitha. He takes out his anger on her, explaining how she had been all wrong in this relationship. Lalitha leaves for her house. Nikhil rushes first to her church where Lalitha was getting married and then to her house only to learn that Lalitha had called off her marriage. They meet again outside her house and decide to spend the rest of their lives together.
Frankie and Johnny	American	romance	Garry Marshall	Johnny (Pacino) is a middle-aged man, just released from prison who's looking for a job. He's hired as a short-order cook in a local diner where he meets Frankie, an emotionally scarred waitress who is trying to move on with her life after getting cheated on in her last relationship, three years prior to the start of the film. Prior to that, she experienced a physically and emotionally abusive relationship. Her only friends seem to be her friendly gay neighbor Tim (Lane) and her fellow waitresses at the diner. She has chosen safety in solitude. Johnny attempts to win Frankie's heart but quickly realizes it will be quite a challenge in this true-to-life romantic dramedy.
Oka Laila Kosam	Telugu	romance	Vijay Kumar Konda	Karthik is a rich post graduate from ISB who completes his studies and comes back to India after a world tour. One day, he spots Nandana and falls head over heels for her. However Nandana develops hatredness for Karthik . When Karthik proposes to her, she rejects him point blank. Karthik's marriage was arranged with Nandana but unfortunately, he does not know this. The bride accidentally turns out to be Nandana. Karthik's maternal uncle Pandu returns from Dubai and because of his hatred towards Karthik, he plans to take revenge by jeopardizing his match when he finds out that Karthik actually loves Nandana, but Karthik finds out the truth and accepts to marry her. She is not interested in this marriage but she does not want to oppose her father due to her love for him . When she tries to reject the marriage, both their parents complete the procedures and they are pronounced engaged. Karthik has been writing a book titled Oka Laila Kosam which is a collection of his experiences with Nandana. Meanwhile, Karthik meets his friend at a pub and comes to know that she is being blackmailed by a goon regarding their private moments. Karthik fights the goons with his friends and solves the issues. Nandana is unable to get convinced that Karthik's love is sincere and believes that he is a staunch flirt. The book Oka Laila Kosam gets published and Karthik is paid an amount of ₹25,000. As a part of his attempts to impress her, Karthik gets a star named as Nandana by acquiring a star certificate from International Star Registry with the money he earned. Though initially happy, she still is unable to believe him and tears the certificate into pieces. But she is unable to reject Karthik as she can't let her father disappointed by doing so. That night Karthik was drunken . he was confronted by the same goon and a fight happens in which the goon is attacked brutally. On the day of marriage, at the venue, the police arrive and arrest Karthik for murdering the goon.Thus the marriage is halted much to the delight of Nandana. Before leaving, Karthik asks her whether she is happy now at least and leaves with a smile. This puzzles Nandana and it is known later that the case and arrest were fake and were planned by Karthik himself with the help of a rich business man whose daughter's successful love affair had Karthik as the peace maker. Nandana meanwhile receives the book Oka Laila Kosam from Shahrukh who credits its writer as the owner of the pigeons she has. She reads the book which is her story and learns Karthik' sincerity from the words in the book. She meets Karthik and proposes to him before their respective families and they both unite.
Ennu Ninte Moideen	Malayalam	romance	R. S. Vimal	Set in the 1960s and 70s in Mukkam, Kerala, the film tells the tragic love story of Moideen who belongs to a renowned Muslim family and Kanchana Mala who is the daughter of a Hindu (Thiyya) aristocratic landlord. Since inter-religious marriages were a taboo then, the couple had to part ways as their families objected to their love affair. Moideen shifted ground to being a socio-political activist and Kanchana Mala lived in her house under strict restrictions for 22 years. Both communicated through letters and language they had developed. Eventually Kanchanmala was caught and beaten mercilessly by her conservative relatives. Balyambra Pottattu Unni Moideen Sahib, Moideen's father stabs him since Moideen does not agree to part ways with Kanchana mala but he miraculously escapes. Moideen reveals to the judge/police that it was an accident and his father was not responsible. This confession transforms Balyambra Pottattu Unni Moideen Sahib's attitude towards his son; however, he dies immediately afterwards due to a heart attack. Eventually, Moideen and Kanchana decide to elope but when Moideen was returning after collecting their passports, he dies in a boating accident. Upon hearing about his death, Kanchana decides to commit suicide but is stopped by Moideen's mother. In the end, Kanchana leaves home to live in Moideen's house, as Moideen's unmarried widow.
Sapnay	Bollywood	romance	Rajiv Menon	Priya Amal Raj (Kajol) lost her mother at a very young age. She is friendly, outspoken, sensitive, yet precocious. Priya is brought up by her dad, Amal Raj (Girish Karnad) who is a clothing industrialist. Since her childhood, Priya is interested in singing, music and church. Thomas Thanga Durai (Arvind Swamy), a polite, well mannered NRI business man, returns to India from America to look after his father's James Thanga Durai's (S. P. Balasubrahmanyam) business. Thanga Durai is a former associate in Amal Raj's business, and now establishes his own business empire in the same vicinity, opposite to Amal Raj's factory. He boasts of his sons achievements. However, Amal Raj dislikes Thanga Durai's ill-mannered, clumsy and bizarre antics though Thomas and Priya have known each other in their childhood. Thomas, happens to meet Priya at her school when he goes to a woman's hostel to see his aunt, Mother Superior (Arundhati Nag) a nun in that school church. Thomas takes Priya's help in surprising his aunt with a gift on her birthday. In the process, Thomas falls in love with Priya but is unable to confess his love for her. Priya has been brought up in a convent school and wants to become a nun, much to the horror of Thomas and Priyas father. Meanwhile, Amal Raj tries to pull Priya into wedlock through setting up match making with some suitors like Jaipal (Prakash Raj), David (Ranvir Shah) etc., but he fails to fix an alliance for his daughter. In the midst of this, Thomas's friend Shiva takes him to hairstylist Deva (Prabhu Deva) who is notorious at changing women's minds. Deva befriends Priya to change her mind about being a nun. At one instance, Priya performs singing at a Gala along with Deva's troupe, which puts the troupe into the limelight of a recording theatre owner. Deva requests Priya to join his aspiring music troop as a singer and help them achieve the group's aspiration for a film audition and Priya agrees to it. Deva with his musical troupe (Nassar and his group) play tricks to make Priya fall in love with Thomas, but fails to turn Priya's mind towards Thomas. Instead, Deva himself falls in love with Priya and she reciprocates. Complications arise when Priya falls in love with Deva instead, and at the same juncture, Thomas confesses his love to Priya and reveals the shocking truth behind Deva's association with Priya. Torn between the two men, a broken-hearted Priya decides to vow for Nun trainee and fails to fulfill her promise for the group's music audition. Thomas realises this at the end and sacrifices his love. Thomas and his Aunt convince Priya out of celibacy and marry Deva. Thomas becomes a priest as he naturally leads a life of service to the poor, sacrifice and mental chastity.At the climax, it is shown Deva and Priya get their daughter baptised by Thomas.
Guzaarish	Bollywood	romance	Sanjay Leela Bhansali	Ethan Mascarenhas (Hrithik Roshan) is a former magician who is a quadriplegic. He becomes the Radio Jockey of an FM Station called Radio Zindagi. His show spreads magic, hope, and laughter through his irrepressible wit and humor to every listener and caller, making it difficult to imagine that this is a man who has been immobilized with a spinal injury for the last fourteen years of his life. Sofia D'Souza (Aishwarya Rai) is his nurse who has been accompanying him for the past twelve years. On the fourteenth anniversary of his accident, Ethan decides to file an appeal to the court for mercy killing. Ethan takes the help of his best friend and lawyer, Devyani Dutta (Shernaz Patel), to support his appeal. Devyani understands Ethan's appeal and agrees to his reasoning and decides to support him in his cause. Surprising everyone with her stance, Ethan's mother Isabel Mascarenhas (Nafisa Ali) also supports him in his petition, backing her son's demand. Ethan's physician Dr. Nayak (Suhel Seth) with whom he has consistently persuaded to retract his case, he finally relents to Ethan's appeal when he realizes that the friend in him is much stronger than the medic. In the meantime, a young man named Omar Siddiqui (Aditya Roy Kapur) enters Ethan's life to learn magic from him whom he considers to be the greatest of magicians. Impressed by his love for magic, Ethan agrees to pass on his legacy to Omar. On the day of verdict Ethan's plea is rejected by the court, citing the legal code of the country cannot be violated in any circumstance. Ethan spends his time alone in his empty home when Sofia returns. She confesses to Ethan that she got the divorce and tells him that she will help with his mercy-killing, whatever the consequences be as Ethan means more to her. On hearing her words, Ethan realizes how much Sofia loves him. He proposes to her and Sofia agrees. Ethan throws a farewell party for their friends and guests, where Ethan speaks about everyone who has meant very dear to him and finally tells everyone about his and Sofia's love. Ethan says that he will be dying a happy man with no regrets and the heart full of Sofia's love and bids all goodbye. At these words, all the guests, come to his couch and hug him, with Ethan laughing heartily.
Purno Doirgho Prem Kahini	Bangladeshi	romance	Shafi Uddin Shafi	The film is about Joy (Shakib Khan) who is engaged to his cousin (Mimo). But he promises his grandfather that he will not tie the knot before he finds his missing aunt and uncle. In search of his missing relatives, he goes to Malaysia, where he meets a girl (Jaya) who is a UN employee. They become familiar with each other and Jaya helps Shakib find his aunt. Shakib, appreciative of her companionship and help, falls for Jaya. To avoid him, Jaya gets involved with another man (Arefin Shuvo). In this situation, the climax of the film comes down between responsibility towards family, relatives and love affairs.
Kerintha	Telugu	romance	Kiran	Jai (Sumanth Ashwin), Siddharth (Viswant) and Bhavana (Sukrithi) are childhood friends who study in same college. They are joined by Nookaraju (Parvatheesam) and Priya (Tejaswi) in the college. Soon they become a batch of cool buddies. As Nookaraju alias Nooks is a farmer’s son from a small village near Srikakulam, life in college turns out to be a culture shock for him and he finds it difficult to cope with studies. Bhavana comes to his rescue and they become thickest pals of all. Meanwhile, Sid falls in love with Priya the minute he sets eyes on her. He proposes to her with the help of friends and the touching way in which he proposes floors her, and she instantly accepts his love. Priya being a rich kid, she keeps showering gifts on Sid. She also pesters him saying she wants to meet his mom. But Sid, who is afraid of his strict mom (Pragathi), a principal of another college keeps postponing. Moreover, he also hidden the fact that he is doing music course instead of Mca course. Meanwhile, Jai rejects proposal from his classmate Tanisha revealing that he had fallen for a girl at first sight in a bus, but doesn’t know her whereabouts and his only clue is the girl’s lost Jumki (ear ring). He starts to search for her and finally tracks her with his intelligence. Manasvini (Sri Divya) is a career oriented doctor who thinks relationships are hurdles in achieving her goals. She aspires to make it big by going for higher studies in Australia. Jai has super cool parents who support his love. While Jai tries to woo Manasvini, she keeps avoiding him. Jai is an optimistic, all is well type of guy who goes by his heart. He keeps solving other people’s problems, love issues and spreads happiness around. Everyone feels and says that he spells magic in their lives and even Manaswini likes him when he helped to sort out things in her friend Sonia's marriage. Things take a u-turn when they face the harsh realities of their respective lives . Priya plans a great birthday surprise for Sid in a mall and while everything is going smoothly Sid finds his Mom in the mall and when Priya finally wishes him he ignores her saying that he doesn't know her. Priya is completely shell shocked and though Sid tries to reason with her later she refuses and asks him to first muster enough courage to speak to his mom. Jai too goes through bad luck as Manaswini thinks that love will distract her and she is planning for higher studies in Australia and thus can't say yes to Jai. Jai ultimately bids her goodbye and continues his life with a hope she will come back. In the case of Nooks, he falls in a trap on online crime by befriending a fake girl account on Facebook mistaking her to be his classmate Shalini and transfers his father's hard-earned money into her account. Bhavana tries to warn him but he shouts at her making her angry and distancing herself from him. Later understands that he's been cheated and tries to harass Shalini under the influence of alcohol. Shalini files a police complaint and his friends come to his rescue. He then learns the value of friendship through Jai's words. After realising his mistake he asks Bhavana to accept his apologies but she refuses. Sid on other hand patches with Priya by saying that he has spoken to his mother and she has accepted Priya and wants her to meet the following week. In the turn of events Priya finds Sid's mom shopping in the mall and she approaches her but Sid's mom just says she doesn't know Priya and Sid's has not made any mention of her. Priya finally confronts Sid and says that she cannot tolerate any more lies and is leaving India permanently. Nooks on the other hand comes to know that Bhavana is leaving to her hometown. Jai encourages both Sid and Nooks to open up their hearts and console their loved ones without having to lose them. Nooks reaches to bus stand and opens up his feelings to Bhavana to which she reacts positively. Mustering enough courage, Sid takes his mom to airport and says that he loves Priya and want to marry her. He also reveals about his music course. Angry at first Sid's mom agree to it and asks Priya to help her contacting her parents. In the end, it is shown Bhavana is speaking to Nooks' parents (they are married) and going to attend a marriage of Jai. At the registrar's office Manaswini turns up along with Sonia and confesses to Jai that she loves him and want to marry him. But it turns out to be marriage of Sid and Priya. Now nooks explains the actual story that he came to know that Manaswini still loves Jai through Sonia and he wanted her to open up so he lied to Manaswini that Jai is getting married to Tanisha. This with uniting couples the movie ends on happy note.
The Road to Singapore	American	romance	Alfred E. Green	On an ocean liner from Colombo to Singapore, black sheep Hugh Dawltry tries, but fails to become better acquainted with fellow passenger Philippa Crosby. He is pleasantly surprised to find that they are both getting off at Khota. Ashore, she rebuffs his advances again, informing him that she has come to marry Dr. George March, Dawltry's neighbor. Philippa is sorely disappointed by her marriage, however. George is utterly wrapped up in his work, and does not even take her on a honeymoon. As time goes by, the neglected, unhappy woman begins to find Dawltry more and more attractive. So does George's 18-year-old sister Rene. Most of the expatriate community shuns him for his involvement in a scandalous, widely publicized divorce. One day, George plans to take a patient with a very rare disease to Colombo. Dawltry takes the opportunity to invite Philippa to dinner. Before that time, Rene invites herself into his bungalow. When she refuses to leave, Dawltry frightens her into fleeing by sweeping her up in his arms and carrying her into his bedroom. Philippa shows up at the appointed time. Unfortunately, the patient dies and George cancels his trip. Returning home, he finds Dawltry's invitation, takes his pistol and goes to retrieve his wife. She tells him she is leaving him and drives off in their car. Dawltry sets out after her. As he leaves, he tells George it is his last chance, but George is unable to pull the trigger.
The Young Lovers	British	romance	Anthony Asquith	Ted Hutchens (Knight) is a code expert working in intelligence at the American Embassy in London. On a night out to the Royal Ballet at Covent Garden he meets a young woman named Anna (Versois), and the pair fall immediately in love. The problem is that Anna is the daughter of the Soviet ambassador in London. It is made clear to both that their relationship cannot continue in such a political climate, and their movements are constantly monitored by surveillance units from both sides. However they continue to meet in secret, attempting to outwit both the American and Soviet surveillance services. Eventually, when Anna discovers she is pregnant, the couple decide that their love is stronger than the demands of political exigency, and make their escape together across a stormy English Channel. The film is open-ended, with no indication as to whether or not they succeed. The Young Lovers was noted in its time for its relatively frank depiction of a sexual relationship between a non-married couple, and was praised for its even-handedness in presenting Anna's father (Kossoff) in a sympathetic manner, as a man torn between his political duty and the desire for his daughter's happiness.
Sweet Sixteen	Chinese	romance	Jo Jin-kyu	Xiao Tian and Shu Yawang are close childhood friends. As a high school student, Yawang is asked by her father to tutor Xia Mu, a boy several years younger than her with a traumatizing past who is taken in by her family. Yawang, Tian and Xia Mu grow up together, and Tian and Yawang fall in love and begin a relationship. Although Yawang comes to see Xia Mu as a younger brother, Xia Mu, who grows into a quiet and brooding teenager, develops feelings for Yawang. Tian enrols in a military academy and Yawang goes to college, and they eventually get engaged. Yawang graduates and starts working for a landscape development company, but becomes the target of unwanted romantic attention from Qu Weiran, the boss of a company that has connections to Yawang's employer. Xia Mu confesses his feelings for Yawang; she replies that she will always be there for him as his older sister, but her heart belongs to Tian. After a company event, Yawang is drugged and raped by Weiran. When Xia Mu finds out about the assault, he goes to Weiran's office to confront him. Yawang races there to stop him from doing something rash, arriving just as Xia Mu shoots Weiran. She rushes Xia Mu out of the building, and he goes on the run. However, Weiran survives the attack, and Yawang discovers that she is pregnant with Weiran's child. She agrees to marry Weiran if he drops the charges against Xia Mu. Heartbroken, she breaks off all contact with Tian, and her parents urge Tian to move on. When Xia Mu learns about Yawang's pregnancy, he brings her to have an abortion, feeling that he would rather ruin his own life than see Yawang and her child live in misery. Xia Mu turns himself in and is sentenced to seven years in jail. He is saved from life imprisonment since he willingly confesses his crime. Yawang in turn takes her rape case to court. Weiran is found guilty and receives a ten-year prison sentence. Tian asks Yawang to reconsider ending their relationship as his feelings for her have not changed, but she says that they can't go back to the way things were. On a visit to Xia Mu in prison, Yawang tells him that she will wait for him.
Avishkaar	Bollywood	romance	Basu Bhattacharya	Amar (Rajesh Khanna) works in an Ad Agency, One night when he is alone in his office, Rita one of the staff walks in and invites him to join her for a movie. Back home, Mansi (Sharmila Tagore) is at home with her Child and Margarette, the maid. Sunil, Amar’s childhood friend comes home with flowers and wishes her. It’s Amar’s and Mansi’s wedding anniversary and they don’t remember it themselves. They think of their carefree days when they were madly in love with each other, when nothing seemed impossible. They start off with an ideal marriage; their small world is brimming with love and is perfect. A whole year and they are still happy with each other. On their second anniversary they decide it’s time to extend their family and plan to have a child. Amar starts finding fault in everything that Mansi does even suspecting that there’s something going on between Mansi and Sunil. Mansi also knows about Rita. Amar wishes Mansi was as understanding as Rita. But though there are problems they sort them out. Mansi gets up the following morning when the milkman comes. And when she goes out she sees the flowers that Amar had left outside the previous night. Amar comes from behind and sees her pick them up, he hugs her and they walk in together.
Hero Hindustani	Bollywood	romance	Aziz Sejawal	Purushottam Agarwal shifts to London for better standard of living. He wants his grand daughter Nikki to respect Indian culture and marry an Indian man. Initially, Nikki rejects because she is already in love with Rohit. But, pressurized by her grandfather's stubborn attitude, she plans to move to India. In India, she meets Rommie a tourist guide. Here, she makes a plan to fool her grandfather by faking her marriage to Rommie. Then she plans to allow Rommie to act as a villainous person in front of Purushottam so that he changes his views about Indian grooms. She presents Rommie as a wealthy man in front of Purushottam. Nikki and Rommie, both initially hate each other. As per the plan, Rommie makes every attempt to act negative but destiny does not seem to support him. Every attempt takes him closer to Purushottam's heart. Will Purushottam ever come to know about the plan?
Kadhale En Kadhale	Tamil	romance	PC Shekhar	Rajiv (Naveen) is a final-year student and also the son of a rich couple (Ramakrishna and Chitra Shenoy). His family friend's daughter Krithika (Roma Asrani), a very shy girl, comes to stay in their house. She joins the same school as him as a first-year student, Rajiv helps her in many ways. At the college admission day, Rajiv falls under the spell of the fresher Pragathi (Shrutha Keerthi). Krithika later left their home and moves to the college hostel. One day, Krithika falls sick and Rajiv takes care of her, therefore she falls in love with him. Everyday, Krithika records her love for Rajiv in a journal in her computer. Whereas Rajiv is attracted by Pragathi's friendly approach, speech and graceful look. Rajiv does not have courage to convey his love to Pragathi. On the final day of college, Rajiv reveals to Krithika that he is in love with her classmate Pragathi, Krithika is therefore heartbroken. Rajiv then proposes his love to Pragathi, but she doesn't reciprocate his love and humiliates him. Rajiv later finds a job and has to go to Singapore but he does want to leave his native place. Krithika then encourages him to go, captivated by her gentle words, he moves there. After his return to homeland, his company gives Rajiv a promotion for his work and wants to send him to the United States for a two-year project. His parents compel him to get married before he left for the US but he categorically refuses. His parents then force him to see a bride, she is none other than his ex-lover Pragathi and he refuses to marry her. One day, Pragathi meets Rajiv and apologizes for humiliating him when he proposed his love. She tells him that she has changed a lot since the suicide of her best friend Shalini (Vijayalakshmi). Rajiv then accepts to get married with Pragathi. Their engagement goes as planned. Krithika, who seems to be happy on the outside, is in fact suffering on the inside. Thereafter, Krithika's father compels her daughter to get married but she could not forget Rajiv. Later, Rajiv tries to convince his well-wisher Krithika to get married, but to Rajiv's surprise, Pragathi reveals that Krithika is in love with Rajiv and was to shy to reveal her love. The film ends with Pragathi sacrificing her love.
One Summer Love	American	romance	Gilbert Cates	After being released from a mental hospital, Jesse (Bridges) sets out to find and rejoin his off-beat family. While doing so, he meets a pretty young woman named Chloe (Sarandon) who works in a movie theatre, and they fall in love, which resolves his psychological problems.
Ai Ore!	Japanese	romance	Sakurako Fukuyama	Akira Shiraishi, a young high school boy with feminine features, joins Blaue Rosen, the all-girl band that Mizuki Sakurazaka, an androgynous girl of the same age, performs lead electric guitar in. Their high school life is anything but typical: Mizuki is the prince of her all-girl school while Akira is the princess of the neighboring all-boy school. A series of comical events brings them closer together, even as the prejudice of the people around them tries to pull them apart. After announcing that he is a boy during a concert for blue rosen in the first book Akira and Mizuki begin to date but so does the feud between the two's schools.
Courier Boy Kalyan	Telugu	romance	Premsai	A corrupt doctor (Ashutosh Rana) sells illegal medicines and smuggles stem cells. He lives in London, but after the police raid his laboratory and he almost becomes a suspect there, he moves to India and continues his business there. Meanwhile, enters Kalyan (Nithin) who has a discontinued degree, is jobless, and is an orphan living with his sister and brother-in-law (Harsha Vardhan). He one days delivers a courier to Kavya (Yami Gautam) for his friend (Satyam Rajesh) and it is love at first sight for him. He decides to get a job as courier boy so he can deliver more couriers to her. But Kavya only gets couriers yearly, so he secretly delivers fake couriers to her so that he can see her every day. He even tries to woo her, but she doesn't pay much attention to him and eventually reveals that she is in love with someone (not knowing that it was him all along and that she reciprocates his feelings for her). Meanwhile, the doctor successfully begins his hospitals throughout India and reveals his plan about his illegal medicines and stem cell smuggling. He kills many unborn infants and purposefully makes many women's pregnancy a miscarriage. Kalyan's sister becomes pregnant and she ends up getting the medicine that causes the miscarriage, but luckily she never takes it. A man overheard the doctor's plan and sends a courier to Sathya Murthy (Nassar). But it isn't delivered to him yet and Kalyan ends up getting the courier. The man who planned to send the courier gets killed by the doctor, as the doctor and his goons start chasing after Kalyan and the courier and the rest of the story is about how Kalyan successfully delivers the courier and proves the doctor guilty.
Raktamukhi Neela	Bengali	romance	Debraj Sinha	Many would presume “Raktamukhi Neela” to be a murder mystery involving some precious stones or mementos. In reality the film is about the murder of actress Neela Sen on the sets of an under production film, named “Raktamukhi Neela”. Neela Sen is found dead in her room. Insp. Chakraborty (Sabyasachi Chakrabarty), the officer-in-charge of the case investigates to find out that the ace actress had been poisoned by arsenic. He begins to investigate and finds out that Neela Sen had illegitimate liaisons with the film’s lead actor Chand Kumar (Bhaskar Bandopadhyay) for a long time. It also revealed that Neela had planned to dump Chand for marrying director Manish Bardhan (who was incidentally directing Raktamukhi Neela). The villain of the film Raju Ray, who was also a seasoned actor, had a serious relation with Bipasha (the hair-dresser of the unit). Bipasha was the entity who had introduced Neela with the domain of filmdom. After the murder, when things go awry, Insp. Chakraborty begins to unravel mysteries about Neela’s past and the nature of bonding she shared with each character. He found out that Chand Kumar had a live in relation with Neela even though he was married to Manisha (Dolon Roy), another established actress. Then there was Dipika (June Maliyah) who was a newcomer full of talent and was not ready to compromise with her moralities for any reasons what so ever. There was the production-boy Prashanta, who was vested with the responsibility of supplying food and beverages on the sets. The shooting was being held at Baruipur Rajbari. Insp. Chakraborty fights to the brink for unmasking the culprit. Meanwhile Bipasha is brutally murdered in her room (she was strangled to death). While every body on the set go berserk is shock and awe, the third murder takes place. Manisha toppled from the balcony of her roof. The three murders give the nature of the case an entirely unique purview. Insp. Chakraborty investigates to unravel that Prashanta is the actual culprit. He was Neela’s actual husband. Neela dumped Prashanta and their son Babu for making a mark on celluloid. Later the penniless Prashanta (who was actually a talented chemist) fails to save his ailing son. This makes him transform to a psycho who hates all women from the silver screen. He kills Neela by giving her arsenic (which he made himself) and also whacks off the other two before targeting Dipika. But he fails and truth is revealed.
Cocktail	Bollywood	romance	Homi Adajania	Meera (Diana Penty) is a shy and simple traditional girl who leaves her family in India, to live in London with her husband Kunal (Randeep Hooda). While at the London airport, she meets Gautam Gutlu Kapoor (Saif Ali Khan), a shameless flirt and playboy who hits on her and asks her out. Meera politely tells him that she is married and then leaves. Meera searches for her husband and finally finds him, but he is angry to see her and explains that he only married Meera for her money, telling her to stay away from him. This leaves Meera heartbroken and stranded in London with no place to stay. While in the bathroom at a department store, Meera meets free spirited party girl Veronica (Deepika Padukone) who sees Meera weeping and decides to help her. Veronica takes Meera to her apartment and explains that her estranged father sends her a large amount of money through cheque every month, which helps Veronica enjoy the life of a rich socialite. One night, Veronica takes Meera to a nightclub, where they run into Gautam. At the club, Gautam and Veronica dance intimately and make out. The next morning, after a job interview, Meera comes home to find Gautam on the couch. She learns that Gautam and Veronica slept together the previous night. Soon, Gautam moves in with Veronica and Meera, continuing his no strings attached relationship with Veronica. Although Meera initially dislikes him, she comes to accept him, and the three become good friends. Eventually, Gautam's mother Kavita (Dimple Kapadia) and his uncle Randhir (Boman Irani) arrive, looking for him. Kavita is shocked to see Gautam's drunken escapades with the two girls, and wants to know if he has found anyone to settle down with yet. Kavita does not particularly like Veronica due to her lifestyle, while Randhir develops a soft spot for her. Gautam lies to his mother and says that he is in a relationship with Meera because she is the Ideal Indian girl, who would meet his mother's approval. During this charade, Gautam and Meera become closer and end up falling in love. However, Meera is hesitant to admit it, because she does not want to hurt Veronica, her best friend. Veronica has fallen in love with Gautam and is trying to win the approval of his mother by becoming a decent Indian girl. Unable to continue with the lie, Gautam sits the two women down and explains to Veronica that even though she loves him, he is in love with Meera. Meera apologises to Veronica, but Veronica assures her that it is okay and insists that they all go to the club to celebrate. However, at the club, a drunken Veronica breaks down, telling Gautam that she will do whatever he wants, and she tells Meera that no one has ever used her the way she did. The next morning, the three part ways. Meera decides to go back to her husband, while Veronica becomes depressed and engages in increasingly dangerous and destructive behaviour. One night, Veronica is badly injured after being hit by a car. Gautam rushes her to hospital. Meera comes there with Kunal to make it look like she has gotten over Gautam. Gautam moves back in with Veronica to care for her. Veronica thinks that they are rebuilding their relationship, but soon realises that Gautam is no longer the flirtatious, fun-loving man with whom she fell in love, and that he is that man only when he is with Meera. She sacrifices her love for Gautam after realising she is not perfect for him, and she helps him locate Meera. They seek out Kunal, who tells them that Meera left him because she loved Gautam too much and that she has gone back to India. Gautam and Veronica travel to Delhi. Gautam proposes to Meera, and she accepts. Veronica and Meera become best friends again and the three friends reunite.
Manathodu Mazhaikalam	Tamil	romance	Arputhan	Siva (Shaam) and Sathya (Nithyadas) are collegemates. She is a good friend of Siva. She is always with him, both in his happy and sad moments. When he is in a tight corner, Sathya with the help of her father, helps Siva to come out it unscathed. Their friendship continues even after their college days. The parents of Siva and Sathya mistake their friendship as an affair. The two refuse and make it clear that they are platonic friends with oneness in their thoughts, but no plutonic thoughts! In the course of time, Siva marries Sruthy (Samiksha) and Sathya marries Karthik (Jaya Surya). Sruthy soon becomes pregnant but dies of complications in childbirth. Siva is left to raise his son on his own. Many years pass, and Siva's son begins to treat him badly, leaving Siva destitute. At the same time, Karthik informs Siva that Sathya is in her death bed due to heart problems. In due course of time, Sathya dies. The film ends as Karthik and Siva, both widowers, walk together vowing to remain good friends for the remainder of their lives.
Vaana	Telugu	romance	M.S. Raju	Abhiram (Vinay Rai) is the only son of Uma (Jayasudha) and Babji (Naresh). On a visit to a mall amidst a heavy wind, he spots a pretty girl, Nandini (Meera Chopra). Whilst staring at her, he inadvertently falls into a manhole. Nandini rescues him from the pit, but in the process loses her heart-shaped watch she had just bought. While accompanying his mother to Araku, Abhi confronts a man named Jaanu (Ajay). Jaanu, who has been following Nandini, beats up Abhi mistaking him to be dating Nandini. Abhi, unaware that Jaanu has vowed not to allow any one near Nandini, thrashes Jaanu and his gang in return. In Araku, Abhi meets Nandini unexpectedly. He identifies himself and expresses his love and offers to tie the watch as an indication of his intention to marry her. Nandini, who is already engaged, rejects his proposal. Still, Abhi vows to marry Nandini if she meets him again. Abhi's mother takes him to her friend Bharathi’s (Seetha) house. There, Abhi discovers that his host in Araku, Col. Choudary (Suman), is Nandini's father, that he is deaf and that Nandini's marriage is only a week away. Dejected, Abhi throws Nandini's watch away. Nandini calls him and asks him to meet her. Delighted, Abhi goes in search of her watch. While searching for it, he spots a rabbit, which he names Devadas and brings it along with him. Eventually he finds the watch. Since Nandini's friends are due to arrive from Mumbai for the marriage, Abhi takes Nandini to the railway station. The train from Mumbai is delayed by five hours, so Nandini and Abhi decide to visit a nearby temple. While returning from the temple, Abhi and Nandini are caught in rain. An old couple offers them shelter inside their hut. Abhi, still in two minds about expressing his love to Nandini, grabs few toddy bottles, goes out in rain and starts drinking. When Nandini walks towards an intoxicated Abhi, offering an umbrella, he tells her that he'd better stay away from Nandini to keep from making a move on her. Nandini is now in love with Abhi and is in a dilemma as her wedding is in a few days. She requests him to take her to the top of a waterfall and expresses her love to him, standing at the edge of the waterfall. Abhi, intent on marrying Nandini, takes her father for a morning jog to discuss his marriage with Nandini. But Choudary, a heart patient, tells Abhi that he is expected to die anytime and his only wish is to get Nandini married off to Gautam (Diganth). On the night before the marriage, Abhi drives away without taking Devadas. He then starts drinking in a bar. He finds Gautam asking the bar-owner for directions to Choudary's home. When Jaanu tries to kill Gautam, Abhi saves Gautam and convinces himself that only Gautam is suitable to marry Nandini. The following day, Abhi drops Gautam at the marriage venue but declines to attend Gautam's marriage. Gautam asks for the heart-shaped watch as a remembrance but Abhi refuses to give it and leaves. As he is leaving, Nandini asks Abhi if he told their story to her father, to which Abhi replies that he doubted her love. Hurt, Nandini tells him not to show his face again. With tears in her eyes, she gets married to Gautam. Abhi leaves, taking her memories and Devadas with him. On the way, Abhi goes to the waterfall where Nandini proposed to him. There Devadas dies. The story ends with Abhi throwing the rabbit's body over the edge and returning to his house, heartbroken.
Mittal v/s Mittal	Bollywood	romance	Karan Razdan	Mitali, a successful model, meets Karan, the Mittal scion, the heir to one of the richest families in the country. Mitali ‘s simple, middle-class upbringing is in complete contrast to Karan’s super-brat lifestyle. But Karan was smitten by Mitali. Accustomed to getting what he wants in life, Karan landed up at Mitali’s home with his parents with a marriage proposal. Delighted at their daughter’s luck, Mitali’s family approves the match and they both get married. It was not long before Mitali’s dreams turned into her worst nightmare. Her mother-in-law detested her and created misunderstandings between Karan and her. Karan turned out to be a puppet in his mother’s hands and her father-in-law is a helpless, mute spectator. Karan has a certain pattern of dealing with women and wanted to subdue Mitali’s independent streak. He who appeared to be a loving husband was in fact a violent monster at night within the privacy of their bedroom.Unable to bear the humiliation and pain after she resisted his advances and is raped by him,Mitali decided to take charge of her life. She decided to fight back.Mitali walked out of her in-laws home, hired a lawyer and filed a case against her husband. Karan retaliated by hiring the best lawyer money can buy to fight on his behalf. The film however was not received well by many and was never available online after its theatrical run for unknown reasons.
Hello Kolkata	Bengali	romance	Manoj Michigan	The film explores the relationship of 4 couples. Raima (Swastika Mukherjee), married to Pratik (Amitabha Bhattacharya), has reached a critical phase in her marriage because he, an alcoholic, tortures her with physical and mental violence. Pratik is a BPO manager and much though Raima tries to hold on because of their daughter, her patience has almost reached finishing point. Partha (Sudip Mukherjee), branch manager in an insurance firm, is married to Sheila (Sreelekha Mitra). While Partha places his corporate team under constant stress by reason of his ruthless ambitions, Sheila fails to cope with the reality of her inability to conceive. Anjali (Maitreyee Mitra), a BPO Team Leader working under Pratik, is about to marry Rahul (Indrajeet), an IT professional. Rahul's ambition is to reach the US for better prospects. His sudden decision to switch over to a job in Bangalore pushes the relationship to a crisis, driving the engagement to breaking point. Animesh (Rudranil Ghosh), an insurance executive in a private firm, always fails to reach his sales target. He fails to meet the rising financial demands his wife Geeta (Samapika Debnath) and son Nayan place on him. The family is headed towards a grave disaster till hope makes its presence felt at the end of the dark tunnel.
Khilona	Bollywood	romance	Chander Vohra	Vijaykamal (Sanjeev Kumar) is a son of rich Thakur Suraj Singh, but has lost his mind. He sees his lover Sapna marry his neighbor Bihari (Shatrughan Sinha) and then commit suicide on the night of the Diwali party hosted by Bihari. This incident puts Vijay in shock. Thakur believes that if Vijay gets married, his mental health would improve. He hence approaches a tawaif, Chand (Mumtaz) to pretend to be Vijay's wife and thus help him get better. But Chand receives cold treatment from Vijay's mother and his elder brother Kishore. Once, in a fit of madness, Vijay sexually assaults Chand. But later, Chand becomes very friendly with Vijay and that starts improving his condition. Bihari who wishes to have Chand for himself also tries to persuade Vijay's young sister Radha. He promises Radha to make her an actress in Bollywood and asks her to elope with him with the family's money and gold. But Chand does not let Bihari's plan work. Vijay's younger brother Mohan (Jeetendra) also falls in love with noble Chand and is heartbroken when he finds out that she is pregnant (owing to the assault) and is carrying Vijay's child. Dejected, he leaves home without notice. In a fight between Vijay and Bihari, Bihari falls off the terrace and this shocks Vijay, curing him of his mental ailment. But then Vijay is unable to recall Chand. She is then humiliated by the family and is thrown out of the house. Mohan steps in and accuses everyone of treating her like a toy and only using her when needed. He reveals how she saved Radha from Bihari's evil pursuits. It is also revealed that Chand was actually born in a noble family and was only raised as a tawaif as she was found alone after a train accident. The family thus accepts Chand and all ends well.
Podaa Podi	Tamil	romance	Vignesh Shivaa	Arjun (Silambarasan), an animation artist living in London with his uncle (VTV Ganesh), meets Nisha (Varalaxmi Sarathkumar) in a London pub. She is an aspiring dancer who is living with her aunt Veena (Shobana). After going around together for a day, Nisha proposes a relationship, and Arjun agrees. Arjun hates Nisha attending salsa classes with her friend Mojo as her partner. However, he agrees to marry her. After their marriage, Nisha makes it clear that she still wants to dance and enter the UK competition Let's Dance, and make a career for herself. Arjun suddenly discovers that he is, at bottom, a Pachai Thamizhan who believes that a woman's place is in the home (preferably the kitchen, but she has the freedom to walk from one room to another if she wants). On the advice of his uncle, he impregnates her, so that she stays away from dancing. The birth of their first child brings happiness to their family. They go to Hong Kong Disneyland for their babymoon. After they return, in a family conversation, Arjun's uncle mentions his advice of making Nisha pregnant so that she would not dance anymore. Realising that the child was the result of Arjun’s cheap plan and not love towards her, Nisha walks out. Arjun tries to console her, but gets angry when she meets a friend who greets her with a hug. Arjun, who gets immediately jealous, goes and starts fighting with her friend, while she pleads him to stop. Nisha crosses the road with her baby, which is then suddenly killed by a car. Nisha and Arjun separate and live in sorrow. After several months, Arjun comes to Nisha and pleads her aunt to make her come back and says that if he ever has another child (which he definitely wants) it will be only with her. She comes back, on the condition that she continues dancing. However during her practices she becomes self-conscious due to the things Arjun said to her. Her partner, Mojo, refuses to work with her so Arjun tries to convince him to come back. Arjun then ends up beating Mojo, so that she will be left without a partner and leave the competition. She convinces Arjun to be her partner, but his steps fail in the first round. Impressed by Nisha dancing skills, judges give her another chance, provided she changes her partner. Arjun convinces her to do a dappan koothu dance, which impresses the judges. But she is not happy, because they have to clear 14 rounds to win the competition. Suddenly, Arjun decides to impregnate her again. The film ends with both of them living with their new child.
Noor Jahaan	Bangladeshi	romance	Raj Chakraborty	Noor Jahaan is the story of two young lovers, Noor (played by Adrit roy) and Jahaan (played by Puja cherry).[3]
Chandni	Bollywood	romance	Yash Chopra	Rohit (Rishi Kapoor) meets Chandni (Sridevi) at a wedding of a relative and falls instantly in love with her and pursues her relentlessly until she agrees to date him. Eventually, they are engaged to be married soon. His family is against this marriage decision because of the vast difference in their social status, but that does not bother Rohit at all and he does not care. One day, Rohit wants to surprise his beloved with something extra special - he calls Chandni and asks her to wait for him on the terrace of her house. As she's waiting, the afternoon's silence is broken by the roaring blades of a helicopter, from which a smiling Rohit appears to shower Chandni with lots of red rose petals from the copter. After five minutes of this delight, he disappears and she is surrounded by silence. When she reaches home downstairs, she has a bad feeling that something ominous has happened. After she reaches inside her home, the phone rings and Chandni picks it up. She is informed by Rohit's family that Rohit has been hospitalised. She immediately makes her way to the hospital ICU unit where Rohit is admitted in critical condition! His family, who are all at the hospital, greet her with stony expressions and accuse her of being the cause for Rohit's falling from the helicopter. Learning that he is paralyzed on his right side, his family continues to berate her. in the coming days, weeks and months, knowing that in his paralyzed condition he would never be able to make a good partner/lover/husband to his beloved Chandni, Rohit decides to push her away and starts to berate her, which is too much for Chandni to bear. Therefore, Chandni reluctantly decides to leave him alone and intent on erasing every memory of Rohit, Chandni migrates to Bombay. In Bombay, she starts working for a travel agency headed by Lalit (Vinod Khanna), a handsome and charming widower. He soon falls in love with Chandni and asks her to marry him. After a few years of dating and wooing, she finally agrees to this and meets Lalit's mother (Waheeda Rehman), who is so delighted to have a super pretty daughter-in-law. Like a twist of fate, Lalit meets Rohit on a business trip in Switzerland where Rohit is receiving treatment from the professional therapists and physicians. Rohit is able to stand now and no longer needs a wheelchair. Lalit and Rohit become fast friends and tell each other their love-stories, sing with the joy of love, not knowing they are singing about the same woman (they are in love with the same woman). Back in India, Rohit shows up one evening to meet his friend Lalit and Chandni opens the door. They are both delighted to see each other with tears in their eyes and to her amazement, he can now stand on both feet without stumbling and also does a little dance. They are both so keyed up with emotion and Rohit seizes this opportunity to propose to her. However, at this time Chandni has to tell him the truth, very much to his dismay, that—she is committed to someone else called Lalit. Obviously, Rohit becomes angry at her betrayal, but Chandni asks him what he would have done in her place.. to which he has no reply and so regretfully leaves. As Rohit and Lalit had become good friends in Switzerland, Lalit invites him to his wedding. In all the subsequent ceremonies and meetings/parties, Rohit and Chandni pretend to be strangers to spare Lalit. On the day of the wedding, Rohit drinks a bit too much in order to drive away the pain of the loss of a beloved one, and starts mumbling and then stumbles down a flight of stairs. Chandni immediately upon seeing this behaviour of his, can not contain herself any longer and screams/yearns for him to be saved. She comes so close to him, hugs him and starts crying, at which Lalit realises that she is the woman Rohit was always talking about, but hiding her identity. Fortunately, Rohit is rushed to the hospital and the doctor says the condition is not too serious. Soon after, Rohit regains the pink of health and this time he proposes to Chandni again, to which she agrees after receiving a nod from her fiancé Lalit. Lalit and his mother share a brief sad moment as they watch Chandni and Rohit rekindle and reconcile. Then, they get married and live happily ever after.
The Human Stain	American	romance	Robert Benton	In the late 1990s, writer Nathan Zuckerman (Gary Sinise) has settled in a lakeside New England cabin following his second divorce and a battle with prostate cancer. His quiet life is interrupted by Coleman Silk (Anthony Hopkins), a former dean and professor of classics at local Athena College, who was forced to resign after being accused of making a racist remark in class. Coleman's wife died suddenly following the scandal, and he wants to avenge his loss of career and companion by writing a book about the events with Nathan's assistance. The project is placed on the back burner when Coleman has an affair with Faunia Farley (Nicole Kidman), a considerably younger, semi-literate woman who supports herself by working menial jobs, including at the college. Their relationship is threatened by the faculty members who forced Coleman from his job and by Faunia's stalker ex-husband Lester (Ed Harris), a mentally unbalanced Vietnam War veteran who blames her for the deaths of their children in an accident. Flashbacks of Coleman's life reveal to the audience his secret—he is an African American who has passed as a white Jewish man for most of his adult life.
Vachina Kodalu Nachindi	Telugu	romance	D. Yoganand	Chandra (Jamuna) is a club dancer who earns her livelihood by entertaining the public but her earning is not sufficient for her father Jogulu’s (C.S.R) drinking and they stay along with a goon Raju (Rajanala). Once there is a police ride in the club even though one constable Ravi (N. T. Rama Rao) notices Chandra leaves her by giving caution that not to lead such life. Chandra realizes her mistake and develops respect towards the police. From that day she does not listen to Jogulu's wish of earning when Chandra comes to know that Jogulu is not her father. Raju plans to molest her. But Gopi a young lad gives support to Chandra and saves her from Jogulu & Raju. Gopi & Chandra decide to earn by performing dances on street. Chandra meets Ravi in one of the performance, gets attracted and love each other. Raju & Jogulu annoyed about this and inform CID Venkat Swamy (Relangi). Venkat Swamy cautions Ravi’s mother Jayamma (Kannamba) about this and advises to marry Ravi. Meanwhile, Ravi suspects Chandra by the plan played by Jogulu & Raju and they get separated. But to rescue Ravi from Raju Chandra goes to his village. When Ravi reaches home his mother enquires and he says that he will marry only Chandra. Then she says to bring her and she takes approval by mother goddess. Knowing this Chandra feels very happy but she disappears and Ravi becomes mad. Jayamma prays to Venkat Swamy to get her back. Meanwhile, Jogulu was killed, Gopi is not traceable, Police arrest Chandra, and She agrees that she only killed Jogulu. Rest of the story is why Chandra disappeared? What happens to Gopi? How did Venkat Swamy be successful? Is Chandra’s life turns into comedy or tragedy?
Mr. Medhavi	Telugu	romance	Neelakanta	A young Vishwak (Raja) meets Swetha (Genelia) who comes from Canada on a vacation to her grandmother’s place. She goes to school for the time being at the local school, where she meets Vishwak. That’s when a one-sided love blossoms for Vishwak and he grows in love with Swetha. However, given his humble background, life teaches him to be calculated in whatever he does. He soon masters the art of making the best for himself out of any given situation. Destiny brings him to the company that is owned by Swetha’s father. Here, the old friends meet once again. But this time around, Swetha is the boss’s daughter and dreams of setting up a pharmaceutical company. That’s when Swetha and Vishwak get to work and spend time together. While Vishwak works his way towards making Swetha love him, she springs a surprise on him by announcing that she is head over heels in love with Sidarth (Sonu Sood), a millionaire-turned-HR guru. Seeing his game plan backfire, Vishwak tries his best to take Swetha’s mind off Sidarth. But the more he tries, the more she is convinced she has found her ideal man. Will Vishwak gain or lose his love?
Tiger	Telugu	romance	Anand	The story begins with Vishnu (Rahul Ravindran) being chased by goons on the banks of Ganga river in Varanasi. While he is trying to escape, his bike gets hit by a car and gets severely hurt in the accident. While he is fighting with death, he narrates the story of his love and friendship. Vishnu is an orphan and Tiger (Sundeep Kishan) is his best friend in the orphanage. Tiger does anything for his friend Vishnu. Vishnu falls in love with a girl called Ganga from Banaras Hindu University who attends the symposium. Misunderstandings occur in between Tiger and Vishnu due to Ganga and Vishnu asks Tiger not to meet him anymore. Eventually Vishnu lands in problems while trying to elope with Ganga and get married to her. Vishnu is seen and taken to hospital by a person (Saandip) passing by that road in a new car. Before undertaking surgery in the hospital, Vishnu says Tiger's phone number to doctors and they try to reach Tiger. The rest of the story is all about how Tiger saves Vishnu and unites him with Ganga.
Enduring Love	British	romance	Roger Michell	Joe (Daniel Craig) has planned an afternoon in the English countryside with his partner, Claire (Samantha Morton). As they prepare to open a bottle of champagne, a hot air balloon drifts into the field, obviously in trouble. The pilot catches his leg in the anchor rope, while the only passenger, a boy, is too scared to jump down. Joe and three other men rush to secure the basket. Just as they grab on, wind rushes into the field, and at once the rescuers are airborne. Joe manages to drop to the ground, as do the others, except for one (Lee Sheward) who is lifted skywards. They watch as the man falls to his death. Recalling the events at dinner with his friends Robin (Bill Nighy) and Rachel (Susan Lynch), and Claire, Joe reveals the impact the incident has had on his battered psyche. The balloon eventually landed safely, the boy unscathed. Joe later goes to retrieve the body of the fallen man with fellow rescuer Jed Parry (Rhys Ifans). Jed feels an instant connection with Joe—one that, as the weeks go by, becomes ever more intense. Days later, Joe, feeling guilt, spends a lot of time trying to map out ways that could have saved the man. One day, he receives an odd phone call from Jed, telling him to come outside so that they can talk about what happened. Joe looks out the window and sees Jed standing across the road from his house staring up at Joe's window. Joe is reluctant but Jed promises that he will leave Joe alone if he just comes outside and talks to him. After Jed makes some comments that make Joe uneasy, he decides to leave, telling Jed to leave him alone. Not too long after this, Joe visits a local bookshop and out of nowhere Jed makes an appearance, appearing to have followed Joe. Joe is confused and angered by this and tells Jed that he doesn't want to see him at all. Jed is hurt by this and continues to tell Joe to 'be brave' and admit what passed between them at the field. Then Jed leaves Joe and says, don't let me down, not like you let him [the man who fell from the balloon] down. The next time we see Joe is when he is lecturing at the college where he works. At lunch, he sits down with a colleague and then spots Jed sitting at the table next to him. He shouts at Jed, causing a scene when Jed tells him to be brave again. Joe tells Jed that all he wants is for Jed to leave him alone, which after hearing this, Jed leaves the restaurant. Joe then visits the wife of the man who had died and she tells him that she believes that he was having an affair after the police returned a picnic basket for two that was found in his car, along with a unknown woman's scarf. After hearing this, he decides to figure out who was with the man on the day he died. On Joe's birthday, Claire makes him a special birthday dinner. At dinner, it is clear to see the strain on their relationship. After Claire sees that Joe is lost in thought and not paying her any attention, she angrily clears the table. It is obvious that she is fed up with Joe's behaviour and lack of communication. The next day, Joe goes swimming and sees Jed standing by the window of the pool. Joe asks Jed to meet him in the café. They talk and Joe demands to know why Jed won't leave him alone. Jed, once again, makes Joe uneasy and he leaves. Later, Joe and Claire are joined by Robin and Rachel, Claire's brother and his new girlfriend. Joe then tells Claire that he had planned to propose to her on the day of the accident. She asks Joe if he's changed his mind and he remains silent. This drives another wedge between them and the evening is ruined. The next day at Joe's lecture, Jed turns up in the class and sings to Joe. They then go outside and Jed talks about how Joe is sending him signals, using a curtain reference. Joe is confused, tells Jed to leave and then later that night researches the significance between stalkers and curtain signals. He finally concludes that Jed standing beneath his window every night watches him draw the curtains, thinking that the way they are drawn is a secret message (such as come and see me, I love you, or talk to me). After explaining this to Claire, he looks out of the window and sees Jed sitting in the park across from his house watching him. Joe asks Claire to come to the window and look at Jed but she, frustrated, goes back to sleep. The next morning, Claire comes down the stairs and tells Joe that it's over between them. Joe, angry, pays a visit to Jed and they argue. Joe then gets drunk before going to Robin and Rachel's house where he stays the night. When he wakes up, his friend tells him that Claire just called and that Claire had told him to come over as Jed was in their house. Joe races to his house and enters the living room to find Jed and Claire sitting next to each other on the sofa. Jed looks as if he has been beaten up and falsely blames Joe. Claire appears to believe Jed's story. Joe loses his temper and then out of the blue, Jed stabs Claire with a kitchen knife and she falls to the floor, bleeding profusely. Joe then pretends to accept Jed into his life and they kiss. As they kiss, Joe grabs hold of the knife from Jed and stabs him. Jed falls to the floor, while Joe rushes to Claire's aid and phones an ambulance. In the closing scenes, Joe is back on the field where it all started, with the wife and daughter of the man who died. They are joined by a couple who explain that the woman's husband had not cheated on her but was giving the couple a lift in his car. The picnic basket and scarf were theirs, and they were too embarrassed to intercede, as they were having an affair. The wife is happy to discover the truth and sad that she had believed her husband was cheating. Joe then tells the man's daughter her father was very brave. After this, Joe is joined by Claire, who survived the stabbing; they are still separated. As they sit on the grass and talk, Joe produces a bottle of champagne and tries to find words to apologize for what happened to them. Claire says, Don't say anything. It is left to the audience to determine what happens next. During the ending credits, Jed, who also survived, is shown in a mental institution and appears to be obsessively writing a letter. He looks up at the camera and smiles while the end credits roll.
Vellathooval (വെള്ളത്തൂവൽ)	Malayalam	romance	I.V.Sasi	Jiya (Nithya Menon), daughter of James and Lisa and granddaughter of Mrs. Koshi, who enjoyed her teenage like a 'white feather' (Vellathooval). She is very conservative and has her own views. Manu (Rejith Menon) gets fed up with his life. After his father's death, his mother marries Vijayaraghavan. He is always drunk and tortures Manu and his mom. So Manu fights with him and leaves home. He thinks he could become a murderer if he stays at home. Meantime Jiya also leaves her home. She goes with Manu. Manu advices jiya to go back to home many times, but she didn't agree with him. Simultaneously Jiya and Manu were becoming very good friends but the society misunderstood them and considered them lovers. Her uncle the City Police Commissioner Abi (K B Ganesh kumar) and his teams search every corners for them. At last Jiya injures a young college mate Willy in the stomach. He dies in the hospital. Willy's friends and police follow Jiya and Manu.
Love Happens	American	romance	Brandon Camp	Burke Ryan (Aaron Eckhart), is a successful Ph.D. and author of a self-help book that gives advice about dealing with the loss of a loved one. He writes the book after his wife dies in a car accident as a way to deal with the grief. While giving a workshop in Seattle, where his wife was from, he meets Eloise (Jennifer Aniston), a creative floral designer who owns her own flower-shop. She spurns his initial advance as her past relationships with men have not gone well, but after a heated exchange in the men's restroom, she meets him for dinner. Even though the dinner is awkward, they begin spending time together although she insists to her mother and her employee Marty (Judy Greer) that they are not dating. It seems, however, that Burke has not been following his own advice, and in fact has not been dealing with the loss of his wife. In the end, he confesses to an audience that he was driving the car, and not his wife, as he previously maintained. Due to this, he blames himself for her death. Eloise, along with his wife's father (Martin Sheen), help Burke move past his wife's death. Burke goes to Eloise, telling her that she had spent the last few days getting to know the part of him that was not available and wondered was she interested in getting to know the part of him that was available.
Style	Malayalam	romance	Binu S.	Tom, a young auto mechanic falls in love with Diya whom he sees one day from the bus. The love got blossomed and at one point a psychopath named Edger came into the life of this couple after an unfortunate accident. The incident lead to a scenario where Edger got humiliated and the movie is basically about the rivalry between Tom and Edger.
Feb-14	Tamil	romance	S. P. Hosimin	Shiva (Bharath) enters into St.Peters college, Bangalore and meets Pooja (Renuka Menon), who was born and brought up in the United States and has come to India to stay with her grandparents while completing her college education. Shiva falls in love with her but soon realises that their characters are totally different. Pooja feels alone, like a fish out of water in India and she wants to return to the US. So Shiva thinks about a plan to get her to stay and he expresses his love to her by creating a fictitious character MR X but never reveals about the character till the end. Pooja(Renuka Menon) who got impressed by MR X refuses to see him in the later stage but understand and accepts Shiva's true love.
Why Do Fools Fall in Love	American	romance	Gregory Nava	Lymon was 13 years old when the teenage group Frankie Lymon & the Teenagers erupted from radios and jukeboxes with their 1956 hit Why Do Fools Fall in Love? and appeared in the movie Rock, Rock, Rock (1956). After Mr. Rock and Roll (1957), Lymon started a solo singing career, but it all fell apart. Lymon's career was over by the time he was 18 years old, and he died of a heroin overdose seven years later. Jumping from the 1950s to the 1960s, the film traces the rise and fall of Lymon (Larenz Tate) in a series of flashbacks as courtroom claims on Lymon's royalties are outlined by three women: Zola Taylor (Halle Berry) of the R&B group The Platters; Elizabeth Waters (Vivica A. Fox), who loves her pet dog (which Lymon kills by mistake, when it bites his hand after threatening to throw it out a window during an argument between him and Elizabeth) and who became a prostitute to cover the costs of Lymon's recovery from addiction; and schoolteacher Emira Eagle (Lela Rochon). Ending credits shows the real Frankie Lymon singing his song Goody Goody. Little Richard also makes a courtroom appearance, while Miguel A. Nunez, Jr. portrays Little Richard in scenes set in the 1950s. The film ends with Emira winning Frankie's estate, although Elizabeth was named the legal surviving spouse of Frankie Lymon.
Smile Please	Kannada	romance	Raghu Samarth	The movie Smile Please revolves around the protagonist Manu, played by Gurunandan of First Rank Raju fame. Manu is a very happy soul, so full of life and keeps celebrating the life. He is always seen smiling and making others smile. Manu's family badly want him to get married but girls keep rejecting him for his funny and bold outlook towards marriage. After hundred girls rejecting him father gives up on his marriage but the mother who is little over dramatic decides to send her son to her brother Murthy's house. What happens next is in the movie
Ninnu Kalisaka	Telugu	romance	Siva Nageswara Rao	The story is a tale of two young pairs of lovers; Abhiram (Santosh Samrat) & Deepti (Deepa Shah) as one pair, Chandu (Chaitanya Krishna) & Bindu (Pia Bajpai) as another. Abhiram & Bindu are IT professionals once both of them have been sent to USA, where both of them are assigned the same project and they become good friends. In India Chandu & Deepa are dance professionals, both of them want to win a dance trophy. So they also come closer and become good friends. However, after few incidents Abhiram & Bindu start feeling something more than friendship between them and confusion arises whether it is love. Back in India, Chandu & Deepa win the trophy, everyone asks them whether they are in love then they say Yes but not with each other with the pair away. The time comes when the project is wrapped up and Abhiram decides to convey his feelings while Bindu is waiting for it. In their return journey Abhiram meets a film star Jagapati Babu in the aircraft and narrates his entire story and asks him for solution he says First Love is always best Love which makes him realise that it is just infatuation with Bindu. Finally, Abhiram decides not to propose Bindu & they meet their lovers in the airport and decides to marry them only.
Neethaane En Ponvasantham	Tamil	romance	Gautham Menon	The film begins with Varun (Jiiva) gaining admission into an engineering college, with his best friend Prakash (Santhanam). He and his friends one day participate in a cultural programme, where Varun finds his childhood sweetheart Nithya (Samantha) participating in a dance show. He begins wooing her by singing on stage and later meets up with her and begins to reminisce their childhood. The film rewinds to their early days when both were aged eight, and shows the pair becoming friends after Varun had helped Nithya retrieve a book which had fallen while she had been playing. However, after a minor misunderstanding featuring Varun's brother, she decides not to meet Varun and makes a vow to never talk with him. However, the pair then meet again in their tenth standard, aged 15. Nithya initially hesitates to talk with Varun, but sheds her inhibitions once Varun breaks the ice between them, and resumes her friendship with him. Nithya is elected as a pupil leader in school and is in constant interaction with Deepak, another pupil leader and her classmate, much to the dismay of Varun. As a result, they have another fallout. The film moves to their current meeting in the college. Both forget their past misgivings and become friends again. This time, they fall in love. During the vacations, Nithya leaves India and Varun is left for himself. Varun's elder brother Harish (Ravi Prakash) who works in a software company, wants to marry his colleague and confesses the same to his parents. His parents oblige by offering to meet with the girl's parents. However, his parents are humiliated. Varun, in the process of consoling them, realises that despite their embarrassment, his brother and parents care about him rather than themselves. He then decides to take his studies more seriously and begins preparing for CAT. Nithya comes back to India and sees Varun not spending enough time with her due to his busy schedule. Nithya too initially understands his situation. However, when she learns that Varun is going to IIM Kozhikode, she proposes to go with him. Varun rejects her demand, saying that he is going to stay in a hostel, as staying in a rented house will be too expensive for his family and that he won't be able to concentrate in his studies if she stays with him. This leads to a heated argument between the two and eventually ends in another break-up. After graduating from IIM and landing a job, Varun goes about finding Nithya. Accompanied by Prakash and Jenny (Vidyullekha), he goes to Manapad, where Nithya is working as a school teacher at a tsunami relief camp. Nithya refuses to talk to him even after many attempts by Varun to start a conversation. When he finally gets her to talk, she rejects his advances, saying that she is happy with her current position. Varun, disgusted at her rejection, leaves the place. After a few months, Nithya invites Varun to her sister's marriage. At the same time, Varun also mentions that he is about to get married and it is then that Nithya realises the magnitude of the deepening rift between them. Shocked and surprised at this sudden development, Nithya realises that she couldn't fully understand Varun and breaks down before her sister. However, to the surprise of Varun, she attends his reception, which makes him think twice about his marriage. With his father's help, he realises that he cannot devote his love and heart to anyone other than Nithya. So he breaks his engagement with the consent of his father and goes to Nithya's home to win back her confidence. Nithya too apologizes to Varun about her past behavior and they both share a kiss. The film ends with a note being shown that they are happily married, ever quarreling with each other and loving each other.
Suryakaanti	Kannada	romance	K. M. Chaitanya	The film is a story of an international assassin played by Chetan.
Hum Hain Rahi Pyar Ke	Bollywood	romance	Mahesh Bhatt	Rahul Malhotra (Aamir Khan) is the caretaker of a garment company that has a pending order of one lakh shirts to Mr Bijlani. Rahul is also the guardian of his deceased sister's mischievous kids: Sunny, Munni, and Vicky. He finds it hard to control the kids, as he is new to this. When the kids cause trouble, Rahul punishes them by locking them in their room. However, the children escape and head for a carnival in town. Vyjayanti (Juhi Chawla) is the bubbly daughter of a South Indian businessman and music-lover. Her father wants her to marry Natarajan, an Iyer-clan music legend, who is somewhat creepy. Vyjayanti refuses to marry him; as punishment, she is also locked up and escapes. She meets the three kids at the carnival and they become friends. Vyjayanti explains that she has no home so the children invite her to stay with them. The children go to great lengths to hide Vyjayanti from Rahul. In a row of hilarious sequences, they are always one step ahead of Rahul before he can discover Vyjayanti. Two nights later however, Vyjayanti is revealed. Initially angry, Rahul sees that the children love her so he gives her a job as the children's governess. Vyjayanti begins to live with Rahul and the kids and slowly falls in love with him. And then there enters seductive, glitzy Maya, Bijlani's daughter, is obsessed with Rahul. She wants to marry Rahul, and Rahul approves, deciding that it would benefit the children. When Vyjayanti and the children find out about Maya and Rahul's upcoming engagement ceremony, Vyjayanti is heartbroken and the kids are upset, as they dislike Maya. On the day of the engagement, Vyjayanti explains to the kids that she loves Rahul and wants to marry him. The kids come up with a plan to stop the engagement. They crash the party with a dramatic act, which successfully postpones the engagement but angers Rahul. Back home, he scolds Vyjayanti and she admits that she loves him, shocking him. The next morning, Bijlani comes with Maya to offer Rahul a second chance. Rahul defends Vyjayanti against their insults, thereby expressing his own love for her. The mischievous kids chase Bijlani and Maya out of the house with rotten eggs and tomatoes. As revenge, Bijlani and Maya set on auctioning Rahul's house. Rahul asks his workers to work overtime to make up for the shirt orders, which the supportive workers agree to. A successful two lakh shirts are made and loaded onto a truck to be delivered to Bijlani. Bijlani hires some thugs to ensure that the truck doesn't arrive on time. Much to their distaste, Rahul arrives on time with the order, and Bijlani and Maya are arrested. Vyjayanti is reunited with her father, who disapproves of her marrying anyone outside the Iyer clan. All the factory workers, Rahul's colleagues, and the children ask him to allow Rahul and Vyjayanti to marry. With so much persistence, he accepts and Vyjayanti and Rahul are married in a South Indian ceremony.
Kora Kagaz	Bollywood	romance	Anil Ganguly	Professor Sukesh Dutt (Vijay Anand) and Archana Gupta (Jaya Bhaduri) meet each other in a chance encounter while traveling by BEST bus service in Mumbai. Their meeting again results in formal introduction to each other. Both get attracted to each other and get married. Archana's mother does not like Sukesh due to his modest income. She makes up stories about their affluence, which offends Sukesh. This results in acrimony between Archana and Sukesh, and they decide to separate. Archana goes to live with her parents, while Sukesh relocates. Archana's family asks her to forget Sukesh, and remarry, which Archana finds difficult since she still has feelings for Sukesh.
Ondu Kshanadalli	Kannada	romance	Dinesh Babu	The film has two heroines and the hero is not in love with either of them, he says, adding that the film is based on a story that happens on the spur of the moment towards the end of the first half. Tarun Chandra plays the role of Shyam who grows up in another city before he lands in Mysore. Shyam's mother finds a match for him. But Shyam does not want to get hitched. He tries his best to get his marriage cancelled.[2]
Arya	Tamil	romance	Balasekaran	Deepika (Bhavana) is an arrogant rich girl. A medical college student, she dictates terms at the college. Sister of local don Kasi (Prakash Raj), she is feared by students, professors and even the Dean of the College. Enter Aarya (Madhavan), a final year student who comes to Chennai Medical College from Coimbatore. A soft-spoken Aarya runs into Deepika. They develop cold shoulders. In a fit of rage, she kidnaps Aarya's sister. But Aarya faces her challenges daringly. However, she soon falls in love with him. But he is not ready to marry the sister of a ruffian. The remaining story tells us how the brother and sister put pressure on Aarya to become a rowdy so that Aarya's status is equal enough as Kasi's status so that Aarya can marry Kasi's sister Deepika. Meanwhile, Snake Babu (Vadivelu) is elected the area councillor, and has a few encounters with Dr. Aarya, and one with Deepika. He is the main source of comic relief for the film.
Hanamizuki	Japanese	romance	Nobuhiro Doi	This film spans the years of 1996 to 2006. It begins in the year 2005 when Sae is traveling to her birthplace of Peggys Cove, Nova Scotia in Canada. On the bus, she looks at a photo, and the scene immediately goes back to 1996. Sae and Kouhei met on a train ride to their respective college entrance examinations. The train hit a deer, causing Sae to worry about being late for the examinations. They went to a nearby house to ask if the owners could give them a lift. Sae spotted a key in the truck parked at the porch. She asked Kouhei if he would borrow the truck to take her to the exam center. However, when Kouhei tried to overtake a slow cow truck, he narrowly avoided an incoming crane, and went off the road into a ditch. They were brought to a police station and Sae was disqualified from her examinations. Sae worked hard to get into a university while Kouhei always supported her. However, he had mixed feelings about her going to Tokyo, because that would mean that they would be separated. Hence, when Sae managed to get into Waseda University, Kouhei at first refused to see her off. However, at his friends' urging, they got onto a boat and chased after Sae, and when they saw her, they rolled out a banner reading, Good Luck Sae!. At Waseda University, Sae met Kitami Junichi, a senior who likes taking pictures of children in third world countries. He helps Sae find a night job teaching English at a cram school and became good friends with her. When Kouhei visited Sae in Tokyo, upon seeing Sae and Kitami talking together, Kouhei got jealous. During the dinner date with Sae, Kouhei refused to eat anything and stormed out of the restaurant. On his way, a group of delinquent youths knocked down a box that contained Kouhei's present for Sae, and mocked him. A fight ensured, and Kouhei was injured. Sae brought Kouhei back to her apartment, where they made up. Kouhei then gives Sae the ship, which was similar to the one Kouhei was on when he saw off Sae. Sae worries that their relationship will not last very long. Four years later, a graduating Sae is unable to find a job in Tokyo. She met Junichi, who asks her to go to New York City together with him. Kouhei was also told by his father that their fishing boat was about to be repossessed by the bank, and he must find another job. Kouhei then contacts Sae, telling her that he plans to go to Tokyo to find her. However, on the fishing boat's last trip, Kouhei's father had a heart attack and died. Kouhei is then unable to leave for Tokyo, as he had to take care of his mother and younger sister. Later, Sae leaves for New York and meets up with Junichi, and they worked together in the same company. Junichi proposed to Sae later on. Sae returned to Kushiro to attend her friend Minami's wedding, and she found out that Kouhei was married to Ritsuko. However, Ritsuko was jealous of the way Sae and her husband were interacting. Kouhei then met Sae at the lighthouse, and Sae tells him that this might be the last time she visits Japan since she may get married. Having seen each other after such a long time, they can't resist anymore and they embrace each other passionately in front of Sae's house while dropping her off, but their responsibilities towards their better halves (in her case, her fiancé) force them to reluctantly part ways. When Kouhei returned, he found Ritsuko waiting for him on the steps with bad news - the bank might make them bankrupt. Kouhei manages to settle the problem, but he found Ritsuko's divorce papers on the table when he returned. The scene ends with a news report stating that Junichi was killed in Iraq. 2 years later, Sae visits her hometown in Canada. When she was walking, she chanced upon the ship that Kouhei had given her in a shop window and found out that Kouhei was part of a ship's crew that had docked in port. She rushed to see Kouhei, but just missed him. In 2006, Sae has moved back to Japan, and set up a school for children in her house. The film ends when Sae sees Kouhei under the flowering dogwood tree, and Sae welcomes Kouhei back home. After the credits there is a cutscene with a little girl, looking at that same tree Sae always was. Her father comes in behind her and lifts her up. If you look close enough, you can see the child's father is Kouhei. Putting the pieces together: Sae and Kouhei get married and have a daughter, they live in Sae's childhood home.
Thaka Thimi Tha	Tamil	romance	Sundar C.	Ankitha ( Gayu ) and Yuva Krishna fall in love with each other in college. But when Yuva tells his friends about being close to Gayu and describes her, she gets angry and they split apart. After finishing college, Gayu's family stays in a house opposite to that of Yuva. Their families get to know about their earlier love and try to rejoin them . The rest of the story is how Gayu gets convinced.
Abhinetri	Bengali	romance	Satabdi Roy	A chance meeting between an Assistant Scientist, Shekar, and an established stage dancer and singer, Anjana, results in love. While Shekar has a mother who lives separately, Anjana has been orphaned at an early age. Shekar's mom approves of Anjana, and both get married. Anjana stops her involvement in dancing and singing, and both spent the next several months in relative harmony. Then Anjana finds that Shekar is spending more and more time in the laboratory than with her, and she decides to take up dancing and singing, which does not augur well with Shekar. Arguments ensue, and both decide to live separately. When Shekar's mom comes to visit Shekar, both he and Anjana compromise to live together. This they thought would provide releif to their mother in her old age. Living together they discover the missing spice in their wedlock.
Virtue	American	romance	Edward Buzzell	New York City streetwalker Mae (Carole Lombard) is placed on a train by a policeman and told not to come back. However, she gets off, taking the cab of Jimmy Doyle (Pat O'Brien), who doesn't think much of women. She slips away without paying the fare. Her friend and fellow prostitute, Lil (Mayo Methot), advises her to find honest work. The next day, Mae goes to the cab company to pay Jimmy. They start arguing, but they are attracted to each other. He gets her a job as a waitress. By coincidence, Gert (Shirley Grey), another former prostitute who knows her, also works at the restaurant. Jimmy and Mae soon marry, but Mae doesn't tell her new husband about her past. After a honeymoon at Coney Island, the happy couple are met at Mae's apartment by a policeman who mistakes Jimmy for Mae's latest client. Jimmy shows him their marriage license to clear up the trouble, then leaves to think things over. He returns the next day, ready to try to make the marriage work. Jimmy has saved $420 of the $500 he needs to become a partner in Flannagan's gas station. However, Gert begs Mae to lend her $200 for a doctor. Despite her misgivings, Mae gives it to her. The next day, she learns that Gert has lied to her. When Jimmy tells her that the gas station owner needs money and is willing to settle for what he already has, Mae begins searching desperately for Gert. Mae finally finds her and slaps her around until she promises to get her the money the next night. However, Gert has given the money to her boyfriend Toots (Jack La Rue), who is also Lil's pimp. When Gert tries to steal the $200 from his wallet, Toots catches her and accidentally kills her. He hides the body, then watches from hiding as Mae shows up, finds the money and leaves. The police arrest Mae for the crime because she left her bag behind in Gert's apartment. However, a distrusting Jimmy had been following Mae and knows a man was with Gert. He learns that it was Toots, but when he confronts him, Lil gives Toots an alibi. Jimmy goes to the district attorney to report what he knows. Lil convinces Toots to go to the district attorney to lodge a complaint against Jimmy. Lil reveals herself to be Mae's true friend, admitting that Toots lied and exonerating Mae. Jimmy goes to the gas station to tell Flannagan he no longer wants to buy into the partnership. He sees Mae pumping gas under a Doyle & Flannagan sign. They argue and reconcile.
Rukhsat	Bollywood	romance	Simi Garewal	Rukhsat is a family drama featuring Mithun Chakraborty and Anuradha Patel in lead roles, supported by Marc Zuber, Pradeep Kumar, Rohini Hattangadi, Amrish Puri and the director Simi Garewal. The film was produced by Philip Cherian. The plot of the movie is taken from Ken Follett's novel The Man from St. Petersburg.
Murari	Telugu	romance	Krishna Vamsi	Set up in the 18th century, during Amavasya, the dark moon lunar phase, a greedy, and lavish alcoholic zamindar insults principal Deity Durga and attempts to steal the Panchaloha idol from the Royal Family's Temple in a state of inebriation so that he can repay his huge debt to the British officers. Subsequently, he along with the British officer's are killed by the enraged Goddess Durga. The goddess infuses a mythical curse on the family's heirs, and every 48 years on the day of Diwali, one male heir from the Royal Family is succumbed to death. The present year 2001 denotes end of another 48 years, and Murari (Mahesh Babu), the Grandson of Sabari whose husband died 48 years back because of the curse, is expected to be the next heir to be succumbed to the curse. Murari lives with his father Sattipandu, Sister-in-law Gopi, brothers Sreenayya, Baachi and Soori and their respective wives and kids along with Sabari. Murari is named after Sabari's husband and thus is called with utmost respect by all family members except Gopi who calls him either by his name or as Kanayya. She treats him like her son and even decides to go for abortion clandestinely so that she would not neglect him once she has her own offspring. Thus since his childhood Murari considers Gopi as his mother since his mother died giving birth to him. In another village, a beautiful city-bred Agricultural student called Vasundhara lives along with her big combined family and is the cynosure of all eyes and affection in the family. Sattipandu and Vasundhara's father Chanti are blood related and actually Gopi is Chanti's adopted daughter. These two families are separated because of a feud at Gopi's marriage because of Chanti's evil son Rambabu. Every year, Gopi is allowed to go there without any escort from her husband and when a tussle happens regarding this, Sreenayya apologizes and tries to patch up with her. At that point, Murari comes to know about Gopi's sacrifice for him when he secretly listens their conversation. For the first time, Gopi gets an escort in the form of Murari after this incident. There after few incidents, Murari falls in love with Vasundhara but leaves the house because of a land dispute with Rambabu with Gopi staying back there for few more days. Vasundhara tries to convey her love but she had no chance and returns to Hyderabad. Back at Murari's home town, the temple priest Seshayya comes to know that Murari is going to be the victim of Devi's curse but he does not disclose the same to Sabari who goes for a pilgrimage. Meanwhile with assurance from his father, Murari goes to Hyderabad and unites with Vasundhara. They go back to Murari's house where Vasundhara lies that she came for Agricultural research. Slowly the couple gets the nod from all the members of both of the families. Meanwhile Sabari, who returns from the pilgrimage, upon being informed by Seshayya that Murari would be subjected to death by Devi this year, refuses for the marriage. Rambabu announces marriage of Vasundhara with her cousin Bullabbayi that day and when informed by Chanti, Murari tries to quit the temple to save her but is stopped by Sabari. Then she reveals the dark secret that is kept under wraps about Durga's curse to her family when they all are at the temple offering prayers for redemption. Murari promises to Sabari that he would come alive along with Vasundhara to complete his Abhisheka. Murari goes to Vasundhara's place and saves her from Bullabbayi but once they are about to leave, Murari is fatally stabbed by Bullabbayi unintentionally and thus runs away on seeing Murari bleeding. In extreme pain, Murari realizes this as Goddess Durga's ploy and with all strength he manages to come back to the temple along with Vasundhara. He manages to convince everyone that he is safe and sound as he covered his wounds with soil and a cloth but Soori notices blood stains. Before he could say anything, Murari tells him to call an ambulance immediately and takes part in the rituals despite extreme pain and internal bleeding. By the time the rituals of Abhisheka, Yajna, and Arti end, the blood of Murari spills over the Holy Idol invoking the soul spirit, and as a result Murari loses his consciousness and is in critical condition. Seeing this, Sabari drowns herself in the holy river as a sacrifice to the Goddess, and saves Murari's life. Murari revives and marries Vasundhara.
Tum Mere Ho	Bollywood	romance	Tahir Hussain	Shiva (Aamir Khan) is blessed with magical snake-charming powers. When he meets Paro (Juhi Chawla) from a nearby village, he falls head-over-heels in love with her. She is also attracted to him. But Paro's father, Choudhry Charanjit Singh, is not pleased with this match, and he hires men to subdue and kill Shiva, all in vain. Little to Shiva's knowledge, during his childhood, his father attacked and killed a shape-shifting snake in order to fulfill his greed, earning the wrath of the snake's powerful mother who promises to exact revenge. Shiva was bitten, and thought deceased, his family lovingly sent his body afloat a river to which was discovered by Shiva's adoptive Father and revived. How Shiva abuses women and charms snakes.
Bibar	Bengali	romance	Subrato Sen	Biresh Bose (Subrat Dutta) works in a finance company IIDB as an investigating officer who prepares the investigation reports on which the loans are sanctioned. The company has provided him a pick up and drop car and he gets a handsome salary. At heart, he is a bohemian with no rigid values in life. He is a regular drinker. He visits the bar every evening. One such evening at the bar he meets Nita, a high-society call girl Nita (Tannishtha Chatterjee), with whom he is caught in a psycho-sexual relationship. After that Biresh starts visiting Nita's apartment regularly and gradually he started feeling peculiar attraction for Nita. Biresh has a friend name Hiren(Shiladitya Patronobish), who is a painter. He lives in with his model Iti (Payel Sarkar). One evening Hiren takes Biresh to Sonagachi brothel, the infamous red-light area of Calcutta. There Biresh comes to know that Hiren was a regular visitor of that area. He gets attracted towards Iti. In his office, his position becomes bleak as he refuses a loan to an influential person, Haralal Bhattacharya (Kunal Mitra), an NRI who applied for loan in Biresh's company. Biresh while investigating found that Haralal's claim was false. So in his report, he stated that Haralal is not eligible for any loan. That ultimately creates problems in Biresh's life. Being an NRI, Haralal had an enormous connection in the upper level. So Biresh was asked by his superiors to change his investigation report, so that Haralal could get the loan. One day Iti visits Biresh's office and tells him that Hiren has left her. She needs Biresh's help. Biresh came to know that Haralal was a regular visitor to Nita's place those days. Biresh finds Haralal in disturbing not only his office life but also his personal life. Biresh, in a bout of self-destruction, vents his anger and frustration by strangling Nita and stages his alibi through Iti. The police start investigating but are unable to establish any motive behind the killing. Police investigator (Sabyasachi Chakraborty) suspects him but cannot not prove him guilty. Iti tells the police that when Nita was killed Biresh was in her apartment the whole night. Everybody starts believing that Haralal might killed Nita. Biresh's company decided that not to give loan to Haralal. Life become smooth for Biresh again, but Nita still haunts him. So one day he calls the police and confesses about the murder of Nita.
Jeena Sirf Merre Liye	Bollywood	romance	Satish Kaushik	Jeena Sirf Merre Liye is about childhood friends Karan (Tusshar Kapoor) and Pinky (Puja) (Kareena Kapoor). Pinky and her father come to a hill station every year during Pinky's school break. Pinky looks forward to coming here for one reason: Karan. They get separated after Puja's father (Vijayendra Ghatge), a tycoon, goes back to the city. Karan gets adopted by a man also from the city. Puja's father sends her to his brother's house out of the country. Time passes and the two live with each other's memories. They try to find each other but are unable to.[1] She writes out her childhood story to find Karan and comes across Seema (Mallika Sherawat). Seema comes across Karan and believes him to be her boyfriend. She invited Karan to a party. Puja and Karan were introduced to each other. Later, Seema ask Karan to sing on stage. Karan sang the song Jeena Sirf Merre Liye that is when Puja realises that he is her childhood love. Meanwhile, the story that Puja wrote became very popular that Seema's boss wanted to make a film out of it. Seema read the story and realises that Karan and Puja were searching for each other. Seema goes to tell Karan. As he's going to find Puja he gets a call from his dad that his sister's wedding has been canceled. The reason was Puja's father; he didn't approve of Puja and Karan. He gave Karan only two choices, to forget about his love and his sister's wedding will continue or he unites with Puja and his sister will not be accepted and ruin his family reputation. He immediately called Puja and said he's going to meet her. Puja, not knowing all this, have been waiting for this moment to come. When they met, Puja confesses her feelings to him. Karan said that he has been in love with her ever since they met at the party. Puja was hurt and angry at the same time. She ran away crying. Seema ask Puja for the climax of the story but Puja refuses and ask Seema to find someone else to write the climax. Seema sensed something is wrong. She goes and meet Karan's best friend and ask him to reveal any secrets they have been hiding. Seema find out the truth and tell Puja. Puja realises the truth and marries Karan in front of her father. He shoots Karan who survives. In the end they live happily ever after.[2]
Aaina	Bollywood	romance	Deepak Sareen	Roma (Amrita Singh) and Reema Mathur (Juhi Chawla) are the daughters of Mr. Mathur (Saeed Jaffery), a wealthy businessman. Roma, the older one, has always been spoiled, gets everything she desires, and is very competitive. Reema is quite reserved and usually lets her sister take the spotlight. Both grow up to be entirely different. The only similarity is that the sisters fall in love with the same man, Ravi Saxena (Jackie Shroff). Always the center of attention, Roma catches his eye first. Reema is heartbroken, but puts on a brave face. Ravi and Roma decide to get married. Unfortunately, Roma is ambitious to be a star in a film and gets an offer on the day of her wedding. She accepts and abandons Ravi minutes before their wedding. Ravi is furious and, in turn, marries Reema to save the honor of her family. At first, Ravi and Reema's relationship is quite uncomfortable. But, as time passes, Ravi falls in love with Reema. Unfortunately, Roma comes back home in a rage and tells them that they will never be happy because she has been betrayed. Determined to get Ravi back, Roma is willing to do anything including ruining her sister's life. She creates a lot of trouble like pretending to commit suicide etc. In the end, Reema gives in and leaves her house, so Ravi furiously makes Roma understand what the difference is between her and Reema. Roma realises her mistake and reunites Ravi and Reema.
Mallepoovu	Telugu	romance	V. Madhusudhan Rao	The plot follows the story of an unsuccessful poet who is deemed as useless by the society.
Love Circus	Bengali	romance	Dulal Bhowmik	Poor Kolkata college student Subhodip develops an obsessive crush on Roma, a spoiled well-connected classmate who repeatedly harms him and his friend Salim, a taxi driver, ultimately causing Subhodip's expulsion from college. Subhodip is sent to jail after he discovers that Roma is engaged, but he manages to escape with the help of the taxi drivers union. He then drugs Roma with chloroform and abducts her, taking her to the jungle with the help of a mysterious man in a gorilla suit. Will Roma's feelings for her captor change? How will her fiancée react to her now-suspect sexual purity after her escape?
Comin' Thro the Rye	British	romance	Cecil Hepworth	The story of a young girl who is prevented from marrying the man she loves by the machinations of a designing woman. The plot centres on the heroine, Helen Adair, who is courted by George Tempest but who meets and falls in love with Paul Vasher. Vasher's former love Sylvia Fleming who has betrayed him, is jealous of his affections for Helen and manages by intercepting mail between the lovers to plot to win him back. While Vasher is abroad she places a false announcement of the marriage of Helen and George in the Times and in his despair at this news he agrees to marry her. Sylvia is trapped in a loveless marriage, Helen retains her virtue, Vasher never forgets his love for Helen and in a final letter from the battlefield writes to his true love telling her he will meet her 'Comin' through the rye'.
Desperately Seeking Susan	American	romance	Susan Seidelman	Roberta (Rosanna Arquette) is an unfulfilled suburban housewife living in Fort Lee, New Jersey, who is fascinated by a woman she knows about only by reading messages to and from her in the personals section of a New York City tabloid. Her fascination reaches a peak when an ad, with the headline Desperately Seeking Susan, seeks a rendezvous in Battery Park with the man who regularly seeks her (Jim, played by Robert Joy). Roberta goes to Battery Park, too, sees the woman (Madonna), and in a series of events involving mistaken identity, amnesia, and other farcical elements, Roberta goes from voyeur to participant in an Alice in Wonderland–style plot, ostensibly motivated by the search for a pair of stolen Egyptian earrings. With both of them trying to locate Roberta, her husband Gary (Mark Blum) encounters the wild Susan.
Deewana Mujh Sa Nahin	Bollywood	romance	Y. Nageshwar Rao	Ajay Sharma (Aamir Khan) is a photographer, Anita (Madhuri Dixit) is a model, and both of them work for the same agency. Ajay has fallen in love with Anita, and thinks that she is also in love with him. But Anita only takes him for a friend. She gets engaged to Vikram (Jainendra), and the marriage is to take place soon. Ajay still believes that Anita loves him, and he also starts making preparations for his marriage with Anita. Anita must now take appropriate steps to stop Ajay's obsession with her, before the matter gets out of hand. However, Anita realizes the person whom she is marrying does not love her and the situation turns such that she realizes Ajay's love for her and the film ends on happy note.
The Pagan	American	romance	W.S. Van Dyke	Trader Henry Slater (Donald Crisp) stops at a South Pacific island looking to obtain a cargo of copra. He is informed that half-caste Henry Shoesmith, Jr. (Ramon Novarro) owns the largest plantation, but is rather indolent. Meanwhile, Shoesmith is lolling around, while admirer Madge (Renée Adorée), wishes she had met him before she became a fallen woman. Then the young man hears a woman singing aboard a ship. He swims out and is strongly attracted to Tito (Dorothy Janis). She, however, rebuffs him. When the narrow-minded Slater first meets Shoesmith, he is quite rude to the native, but soon changes his manner when he learns who the young man is. The easygoing Shoesmith does not take offense, and is delighted to be formally introduced to Tito, Slater's half-caste ward. Slater starts to bargain for copra and is pleasantly surprised when Shoesmith offers him as much as he wants for free. He takes the precaution of having Shoesmith sign a contract to that effect. Tito eventually falls in love with Shoesmith, but Slater has other plans for her. He tells Shoesmith to stay away from his ward, using the excuse that Shoesmith has no ambition. He suggests to the naive younger man that he take out a bank loan and build up his business. Then he sails away with Tito and his copra. Shoesmith follows Slater's advice and runs a store, but Madge warns him he does not know what he is doing (he allows every customer to buy on credit). When Slater returns, Shoesmith asks Tito to marry him. She agrees. However, Slater informs the puzzled Shoesmith that the loan payments are overdue and that he is foreclosing on all of Shoesmith's property. In addition, Slater informs his ward that he will sacrifice himself to protect her by marrying her himself. Shoesmith is too late to stop the wedding, but while Madge distracts the guests, he carries Tito off to his native home. Slater finds Tito while Shoesmith is away, takes her back to his ship and starts to beat her. Shoesmith follows, and a fight ensues. The younger man wins, and he and Tito swim back toward the island. However, when they spot approaching sharks, they have no choice but to head back to Slater, pursuing in his dinghy. Slater takes Tito aboard, but keeps his rival at bay with a sword. Shoesmith swims under the boat to the other side and topples Slater into the water, where the sharks get him. The young couple return to their idyllic home.
This Above All	American	romance	Anatole Litvak	On the day that France surrenders to Nazi Germany in 1940, Prudence Pru Cathaway (Joan Fontaine) a strong-willed young woman from the upper class, joins the Women's Auxiliary Air Force (WAAF), a military organisation linked to the Royal Air Force, to her family's surprise. Her aunt Iris and uncle Wilbur disapprove since she has chosen to serve as a private rather than as an officer. However, family butler Parsons privately expresses his support. She goes off to training camp, where she makes friends with fellow WAAF Violet Worthing. As a favor to Violet, Prudence agrees to go on a double date one night; she is paired with Clive Briggs (Tyrone Power), a moody mysterious man with a dark secret. He seems to her rather bitter about something and is indifferent, even hostile, to her aristocratic background, but she likes him, and he asks her out again. Romance blooms. On a holiday together on the southern coast, Pru twice overhears Clive talking in his sleep. The second time, she wakes him up, but he does not want to talk about it. Then his friend Monty shows up. When the three go to dinner, Pru learns from Monty that Clive is up for a Distinguished Conduct Medal for his actions during the Dunkirk evacuation. While Pru is dancing with someone else, Monty pleads with Clive to return with him. He was given a month's sick leave, but that was over two months ago, and he is about to be posted as a deserter. Finally, Clive tells Pru, indirectly, about his predicament and that he no longer wants to fight for the benefit of an English elite that oppresses and humiliates people of his class. Pru makes an impassioned plea for all the good things that England represents, but when she wakes up the next morning, Clive has gone, leaving her a letter of goodbye. When a farmer finds Clive sleeping in his barn, he tries to take him to the authorities. Clive gets away after a struggle, but suffers a wrist injury. He goes to a district nurse, Emily Harvey. After attending to his wrist, she lets him go without alerting the police. Later, a one-armed rector, despite hearing that a suspected German spy with an injured wrist is loose, invites Clive in for tea. A talk with him enables Clive to come to a decision: he will give himself up. He telephones Pru and tells her so. They arrange to meet in London and get married first, though. However, Clive is taken into custody after hanging up. Clive asks the officer in charge to allow him two hours to keep his appointment. A member of the upper class that Clive despises, the officer grants his request, accepting full responsibility for this unusual action. Clive sets out for the meeting place, Charing Cross railway station, in the midst of a German air raid. On the way, however, a man tells him that a kid is trapped in the cellar of a burning building. He and another man rescue the child and another person, but then the building collapses onto him. When Clive does not show up, Pru goes to her father, a doctor, for help. Dr. Cathaway learns that Clive suffered a head injury and is to be operated on within the hour. Cathaway and two other doctors operate. Afterward, Clive and Pru are married, with Monty and her father in attendance. Clive tells Pru that she was right. They must fight for what she believes in first before they can fight for what he does. The film ends with it left unclear whether Clive recovers or not.
Serving Sara	American	romance	Reginald Hudlin	Joe Tyler (Matthew Perry), a process server, is a week late serving a Mafia kingpin known as Fat Charlie (Joe Viterelli) with a summons to appear as a witness in court. Joe's abrasive boss Ray (Cedric the Entertainer) ridicules him while complimenting Joe's rival, Tony (Vincent Pastore), for serving multiple summonses in record time. Willing to give Joe one last shot, Ray gives him an assignment to serve British socialite Sara Moore (Elizabeth Hurley) with divorce papers from her husband, Gordon (Bruce Campbell), who is at his ranch in Texas with his mistress, Kate (Amy Adams), while Sara is vacationing in upstate New York. While Joe is attempting to serve Sara, Tony tips her off, thus revealing that Joe has been failing lately because Tony is sabotaging his efforts. Eventually Joe does serve her, but is mugged soon thereafter. Joe and Sara are forced to take the same bus; while they are riding together, Joe informs her that, under Texas law, she stands to gain nothing from the divorce. When she learns that half of everything would apply if the papers had been served under New York law, Sara offers Joe a million dollars to serve her husband and rip up her papers. Despite knowing that he might lose his job, Joe agrees and the two set off together to serve Gordon. When Ray hears of their plan, he informs Gordon and sends Tony off to re-serve Sara. Gordon hires a bodyguard (Terry Crews) to protect himself, and Joe, expecting Tony to tail him, leaves a set of bogus clues that lead Tony to Miami, Florida, Bangor, Maine, and then Amarillo, Texas, where Tony is shot in the back as he attempts to get on the grounds of the wrong ranch to try to serve the papers. Sara and Joe trail Gordon to his ranch, but Gordon evades them. At the ranch, Sara takes some money and Gordon's passport so that he can not leave the country. Sara and Joe stay overnight at a hotel, and Joe tells Sara of his dream of owning a vineyard. While Sara is bathing, Joe goes to the bar, and Gordon's mistress appears to suggest a new deal to Joe; for one million dollars from the divorce settlement, she will reveal Gordon's location. Joe agrees, but the entire deal is a setup to get Tony into the hotel room to serve Sara, which he does. Furious, Sara kicks Joe out. While Joe contemplates his lost fortune and budding affection for Sara, he notices Tony's watch in the picture Tony took of him serving Sara, and calls Ray to inform him that Tony forgot to set his watch to Central Time Zone, so that the papers do not take effect until 7:04 pm Central Time. With mere minutes until they both lose a fortune, Joe and Sara trail Gordon to a monster truck rally. They evade both Gordon's bodyguard and Tony, and with seconds to spare, Sara knocks Gordon out by dropping a six-pack of beer on his head. Joe serves him under New York law and Gordon takes the papers. Tony and the bodyguard are carried out of the stadium on stretchers and then attempt to fight one another. The final scene shows Joe and Sara at Joe's vineyard, where they taste-test a bottle of Joe's first vintage before going inside to have sex.
Nee Illadhe	Kannada	romance	Shiva Ganapathy	Pooja Gandhi plays the role of a village girl who comes to city to learn music. Raghu Mukherjee plays the music teacher role. The story revolves around the lives of the teacher and student.
Tum Mile	Bollywood	romance	Kunal Deshmukh	The movie is narrated in clips of Past and Present. Akshay (Emraan Hashmi) who is an artist and a character designer in present departures on a flight. He is boarding from London. Suddenly he sees Sanjana who is sitting just opposite Akshay, and next to business man number 23 (Simon Burns). They both see each other. Akshay and Sanjana remember a series of flashbacks. Akshay was a struggling artist who was in Cape Town. He sees Sanjana first time at that point. Then while Sanjana tries to take out her car she accidentally bumps Akshay's car and leaves a note on it. Akshay and his friend Vicky go to her house and while coming back they have a lot of fun. The next day Akshay and Sanjana go to a party and kiss. They discover their love. Sanjana breaks up with her fiancé and tells her feelings to Akshay. Akshay and Sanjana settle down. As Akshay is an artist and not employed his business is not improving. He also has an ego fight with a distributor. As Akshay doesn't have any money he gets frustrated and takes it out on Sanjana. Sanjana has been working for quite a while. After some time Akshay gets a job in Sydney. As Sanjana can not leave her job and Akshay is interested in the offer they have a fight and break up. Back in the present when they remember these memories the situation is worst in Mumbai. The heavy rains have flooded the city (Indicating the Maharashtra floods of 2005). Many are trying to survive. While their adventure for survival continues Vicky is electrocuted as he falls in water with a cable carrying an electric current. After spending time together they realise that their break-up 6 years back was just a break for them as their destiny is to be united.
Somewhere Only We Know	Chinese	romance	Xu Jinglei	Jin Tian (Wang Likun) is a young woman who recently got dumped by her fiance and lost her grandmother, Chen Lanxin (Xu Jinglei). Feeling heartbroken, she enrolls in a language course abroad and travels to Prague for a change of pace, the city where her grandmother once spent a couple years of her life. In her grandmother's belongings, she finds a letter from 1970, written by Josef Novak, her grandmother's past lover. In Prague, Jin Tian meets Peng Zeyang (Kris Wu), a young single father who lives with his little daughter and bipolar mother. The two develop a mutual attraction during their journey searching for Josef Novak.
Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights	American	romance	Guy Ferland	In 1958, Katey Miller (Romola Garai), her parents (Sela Ward and John Slattery), and her younger sister Susie (Mika Boorem) arrive in Cuba during the Cuban revolution. A self-described bookworm, Katey is not very happy about having to move to a different country during her senior year of high school, as she had been planning to attend Radcliffe College, although the rest of her family seem extremely pleased to be in Cuba. Meeting several other rich American teenagers down by the pool - including James Phelps (Jonathan Jackson), the son of her father's boss -, Katey becomes disgusted when one of the teenagers insults a local waiter when he accidentally knocks over some of their drinks. Katey attempts to talk to the waiter—Javier (Diego Luna), who works at the hotel to support his family—because she feels awful about what had occurred, but he is not interested. Katey watches a film of her mother and father dancing and wishes she could dance as well as they did. She and her father dance a bit. The next day in class, Katey is asked to read aloud from The Odyssey - a passage about love and passion. After class, James invites her to a party at the country club the next day and she accepts. While walking home from school, she sees Javier dancing at a street party, and he offers to walk her home. They stop to listen to a street band and police show up, stopping Javier while Katey runs away. The next day, Katey tries some of the dance moves she saw. Javier sees her and asks her to come see the real dancers Saturday night, but she says she is already going to the country club. Javier gets upset and leaves. Katey wears one of her maid's dresses to the country club party and impresses James. Katey convinces him to take her to the Cuban club where Javier is dancing with the ladies. Javier dances with Katey while James sits at the bar. Soon he is accosted by Javier's brother, Carlos, who tells him that they will eventually kick the Americans out of Cuba. Javier comes over and argues with his brother. James takes Katey back to the car and assaults her after she refuses to kiss him. She slaps him and runs into the club, and Javier agrees to walk her home. The next day, Katey walks by a dance class. The teacher (Patrick Swayze) asks if anyone wants to enter the big dance contest and then dances with Katey for a bit. She grabs a flyer for the competition. While walking to the pool, James apologizes to Katey and then tells her that Susie saw Javier with her and got him fired. Katey argues with Susie and goes to find Javier. He is now working at a chop shop with Carlos. She asks him to enter the dance contest with her, but he refuses. Meanwhile, it is becoming apparent that Carlos is helping the revolutionaries. The next day, Javier shows up at Katey's school and agrees to enter the dance contest with her. They start teaching each other dance moves and Javier convinces her to feel the music. They practice all the time, and Katey dances some more with the dance teacher, until it is the night of the dance. Katey and Javier dance with the other couples on the floor and are chosen to go on to the next round. Katey's parents disapprove of her relationship with Javier, but Katey reconciles with them. On the night of the contest's final round, while Katey and Javier are on the dance floor, Javier sees his brother and some revolutionaries disguised as waiters, and the police soon try to arrest them. The contest stops as everyone flees the club, and Javier has to save Carlos from the police. Javier and Carlos talk about how they miss their dad, then they hear that Batista has fled the country and join the celebration. Later, Javier comes to the hotel and finds Katey. He takes her to the beach and they make love. The next day, Katey's parents tell her they are leaving Cuba and she has one last night with Javier. They go to the Cuban club where they first danced, and the floor is theirs. Katey's family is there to see her, and Katey narrates that she doesn't know when she will see Javier again, but this will not be their last time to dance together.
Simple Agi Ondh Love Story	Kannada	romance	Sunil Kumar	Kushal (Rakshit Shetty) is sent by his radio jockey sister Rachana to Kodagu to meet her boyfriend's sister, Ithihasini, in the hope that the two will take a liking to each other, leading to marriage, and thus paving the way for her own marriage. Kushal meets a bubbly girl (Shwetha Srivatsav) who claims to be Ithihasini, and says the rest of the family is out of town. The two share their past romantic liaisons. Ithihasini’s actions seem a little odd and her responses to Kushal’s questions all avoid direct answers so it’s not really a surprise when Kushal’s sister calls to tell him that the girl he has been spending time with is not Ithihasini at all. When confronted the fake Ithihasini comes up with a number of different stories, but Kushal finds her even more intriguing as a result and declares his love for her despite not knowing who she actually is, although he does finally discover her real name is Khushi. And the story takes a drastic leap from here.
Prem Kahani	Kannada	romance	R. Chandru	The story revolves around a slum dweller and a rich girl.We have seen plenty of disciplined parents, the slum dwellers being loved by rich girls and vice versa. Just because the protagonist cannot keep his life, wife and child in comfort zone he stoops to the most unexpected move. The deeply hurt heroine spitting on him walks out to make her son either Einstein or Sir M Vishveswaraya is the climax of this film.Hailing from a rich and disciplined family Sandhya instead of concentrating on studies falls to the roadside urchin Manja who ekes out his life from carrying loads from place to place. Flabbergasted with the move of Sandhya the days of Manja is fortunate enough the audience would feel. But Sandhya is forced to marry Rajesh a builder. On the very first night of her married life Sandhya decides to either die or join Manja. The humble builder unites the lovers and walks out from their life. On the other side Sandhya in the poor atmosphere cope up with everything and poverty becomes a part of her life. Manja hires an auto to earn his livelihood. That is not enough earning for Manja to keep his wife child happy. The poor status continues for five years. Sandhya goes for a job in the computer center as data entry operator. Sandhya is in shock and dismay on the day she receives her salary. What isthat - you have to watch it on the screen.
Jerry	Tamil	romance	S. B. Khanthan	Jayaram alias Jerry (Jithan ramesh) is a man who always takes risks and he hates love. He is challenged by his friends to make three women love him. He makes Meera, a police inspector, Shruthi, his classmate and Mumtaj, an actress to fall in love with him. Whether the three girls find out and whom he unites with forms the crux of the story.
This Is Heaven	American	romance	Alfred Santell	Vilma Banky portrays a newly arrived Hungarian immigrant who learns to accustom herself to the new and strange life she finds in New York. The story gave Miss Banky moments of comedy and pathos. First seen as a frightened little peasant muffled in countless petticoats and shawls --- then in a neat waitress's uniform as she flips hotcakes in a restaurant window.
The Break-Up	American	romance	Peyton Reed	Gary Grobowski (Vince Vaughn) and Brooke Meyers (Jennifer Aniston) meet at Wrigley Field during a Chicago Cubs game and begin dating, eventually buying a condominium together. Gary works as a tour guide in a family business with his brothers, Lupus (Cole Hauser) and Dennis (Vincent D'Onofrio). Brooke manages an art gallery owned by eccentric artist Marilyn Dean (Judy Davis). Their relationship comes to a head after the latest in an escalating series of Why can't you do this one little thing for me?! arguments. Brooke, feeling unappreciated, criticizes Gary's perceived immaturity and unwillingness to work on improving their relationship. Gary is frustrated by Brooke's perceived controlling, perfectionistic attitude, and expresses his desire to have a little more independence (particularly when arriving home from work, wanting to unwind). Brooke becomes irate when Gary fails to offer to help her clean up after a big dinner party at their home; and, still frustrated from their earlier, unresolved argument, breaks up with him (despite still being in love with him). Brooke seeks relationship advice from her sister Addie (Joey Lauren Adams), while Gary goes to tell his side of things to friend Johnny Ostrofski (Jon Favreau). Since neither is willing to move out of their condo, they compromise by living as roommates; but, each begins acting out to provoke the other in increasingly elaborate ways. Gary buys a pool table, litters the condo with food and trash, and even has a strip poker party with Lupus and a few women. Meanwhile, Brooke has Gary kicked off their couples-only bowling team, and starts dating other men in an attempt to make Gary jealous. When their friend and realtor Mark Riggleman (Jason Bateman) sells the condo, Gary and Brooke are given two weeks' notice to move out. Brooke invites Gary to an Old 97's concert, hoping that he will figure out that the gesture is meant to be her last-ditch attempt to salvage their relationship. Gary agrees to meet her there, but misses the hidden agenda, and misses the concert—unwittingly breaking Brooke's heart. When Gary goes out for a drink with Johnny, his friend points out that Gary has always had his guard up, has been guilty of a lot of selfishness, and never gave Brooke a chance, emotional intimacy-wise. Afterwards, Brooke quits her job in order to spend time traveling Europe. When she brings a customer from the art gallery home one evening, Brooke finds the condo cleaned and Gary preparing a fancy dinner to win her back. He lays his heart on the line and promises to appreciate her more. Brooke begins crying and states that she just can not give in anymore and, therefore, does not feel the same way. Gary seems to understand and kisses her before leaving. It is later revealed that Brooke's date (who initially asked her out, but she politely rejected) was actually a client interested in a piece of artwork she kept at the condo. Both eventually move out of the condo. Gary begins taking a more active role in his tour guide business, while Brooke travels the world, eventually returning to Chicago. Some time later, they meet again by chance on the street as Gary is bringing home groceries and Brooke is on her way to a meeting. After some awkward but friendly catching up, they part ways but each glances back over their shoulder and they share a smile. This exchange leads some viewers to believe that the two eventually get back together down the road.
Aurora Borealis	Canadian	romance	James C. E. Burke	Duncan (Joshua Jackson) is an unemployed youth, trying to cope with the death of his father ten years ago. The film is set in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Duncan's grandparents, Ronald (Donald Sutherland) and Ruth (Louise Fletcher) move into an apartment with a very nice view. Ron claims that he has seen the Northern Lights aka Aurora Borealis from the balcony. Ron is fast deteriorating with Alzheimer's disease. Kate (Juliette Lewis) is the home assistant of Ron and Ruth. In order to be close to his grandparents, Duncan finds a job as a handyman at the building where they are staying. There he meets Kate and the two quickly fall in love. Meanwhile, Duncan takes care of Ron and helps out Ron in coping with his condition. Duncan does not want to leave the town he grew up in. He is not able to free himself from his fears of the past and his sorrow of his father's death. Ron nudges him to do something with his life. He tells Kate that Duncan needs someone who can push him to action. Kate too suggests that Duncan move on with his life. Kate announces that she has chosen to move to San Diego. This hurts Duncan, but he is still not ready to leave. Ron wants to end his life and misery. He asks Duncan to buy him some shells for his shotgun. In a moment of despair, Duncan loads the shotgun and gives it to Ron, but he is not able to position the gun so that he can pull the trigger with his toe. The gun goes off and Duncan runs inside. Ron follows but has a heart attack and dies. Kate leaves for San Diego and Duncan says his goodbyes. On reaching her new place, she sees Duncan at the doorstep, ready to give his life a fresh start.
Parole Girl	American	romance	Edward F. Cline	When Sylvia Day (Mae Clarke) is caught trying to pull a scam on the Taylor Department Store in New York City, she pleads with the store manager to let her go, but his boss, Joe Smith (Ralph Bellamy), insists on following store policy, and she is handed over to the police, convicted and sentenced to a year in prison. Sylvia is consumed with the idea of getting revenge on Joe. She becomes friends with chatty fellow inmate Jeanie Vance (Marie Prevost), who offers to team up with her (and commit more crimes) once they have served their time. When Sylvia learns that Jeanie has a surprising connection to Joe, she decides to get out early. She sets a fire, then passes out from the smoke while trying to put it out. For her heroism, she is granted parole. Tony Gratton (Hale Hamilton), her partner in the failed con, tries to talk her into marrying him and going to Chicago to continue their life of crime, but she is determined to avenge herself. Besides, she knows that Tony is already married. Sylvia stalks Joe, learning all she can about him. Then, she pretends to be an old acquaintance at a nightclub where Joe is celebrating his promotion to general manager by getting drunk. The next morning, Joe discovers her in his apartment. She informs him that they have gotten married. Joe laughs, then tells her that he already has a wife. She tells him she knows (it is Jeanie), then reveals her motives. Tony shows up, masquerading as the person who married them; he gives Joe the marriage license the couple supposedly left behind. Threatened with a charge of bigamy, Joe reluctantly agrees to support Sylvia for a year, the length of her parole. Tony tries again to get Sylvia to be his partner in crime. When she refuses, he slips a counterfeit $20 bill in her purse. Sylvia goes on a shopping spree and pays for some of her purchases with the bill. It is traced back to her, but when a policeman shows up to take her back to jail, Joe pretends that she took the money out of his pants pocket. As a store manager, he deals with counterfeit money all the time. The ploy works, and Jeanie sends back her extravagant purchases. Later, Joe calls her from the office and asks her for a favor. Mr. Taylor (Ferdinand Gottschalk), the store's somewhat eccentric owner, has found out that Joe is married, so he is coming to dinner at their apartment. While Sylvia is cooking, Jeanie arrives. Her friend has been released early and intends to blackmail her husband (whom she married long ago while he was in college and then lost track of), once she can locate him, before heading to Florida with Sylvia. Sylvia gets her to leave before Joe and Mr. Taylor show up (early) by promising to give her a decision the next day. Taylor insists on doing the cooking; he is fed up with being waited on by servants. He becomes very fond of the couple and hints at a promotion to vice president if they were to have a baby. The next day, Sylvia persuades Jeanie that it is too dangerous to try blackmail in New York because of her record and agrees to go with her to Florida. Sylvia leaves a letter for Joe explaining everything, ending with the admission I love you. On the train, however, Jeanie reveals that she divorced Joe without his knowledge. Sylvia gets off and rushes back to the apartment; Joe has already read the letter and takes her in his arms.
Maya Kannadi	Tamil	romance	Cheran	Kumar (Cheran) is a young man who comes from Thiruvannamalai to Chennai with dreams and hopes about the future. He gets a job in a men's beauty parlor in Chennai. Every day, he observes and learns more about life in the city. He starts to dream and build castles in the air. Maheswari (Navya Nair) works in another beauty parlor and also has desires of her own. The rest of the story is about what happens to these two people. This three-hour-long film has similar themes compared to Cheran's previous films. The key message in this movie is that each person's life is in his own hands.
Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak	Bollywood	romance	Mansoor Khan	Dhanakpur village farmer Thakur Jaswant Singh (Alok Nath) and Dhanraj Singh (Dalip Tahil) are brothers. They have a younger sister Madhumati, who was impregnated and dumped by Ratan Singh (Arjun), the son of Thakur Raghuveer Singh from a rich Rajput family. The family refuses Jaswant Singh's request to get his sister married to Ratan and refuses Ratan's role in Madhu's current situation as they are interested in their status. Insulted, Jaswant leaves the village. Unable to tolerate the events, Madhumati commits suicide. Frustrated, Dhanraj kills Ratan at his wedding and gets imprisoned. The two families are now bitter enemies. Jaswant moves to Delhi, develops his business, and reaches good status; he also raises Dhanraj's kids. Years later, Dhanraj gets released from the prison and receives a letter from his son, Raj (Aamir Khan), an ardent music lover, who completes his education in Rajput College. An emotional Dhanraj sneaks into Raj's college farewell party and is glad to see his son fulfill his dreams. In a twist of fate, Raj and his cousin go to Dhanakpur to clear his family's land deal. While returning home, Raj falls for Rashmi (Juhi Chawla), a relative of Raghuveer Singh. Raj sneaks into Rashmi's birthday bash. The two meet again at a holiday spot. They become lost in the forest and fall in love while finding a way out. Raj finds out about Rashmi's family but is unable to tell her the truth. When Randhir Singh, Rashmi's father, finds out about the affair, he immediately arranges Rashmi's wedding to another man. The lovers take on their families and elope, dreaming of an idyllic life together. Furious, Randhir hires a contract killer to target Raj. The lovers have a brief interval of happiness. They stay in a deserted fort, happy in their own paradise. When Randhir learns their whereabouts, he goes there to bring Rashmi home and ensure that Raj is killed. Randhir's mother does not wish for this so she goes to Dhanraj and tells him to save the love birds. Raj leaves the fort to bring firewood for their house. While Raj is away, Randhir meets Rashmi and tells her to come home, assuring her he has accepted their love. Rashmi is overjoyed at her father's words, not knowing the truth. In the forest, Raj is chased by the henchmen. Dhanraj reaches the fort and repeatedly asks about his son's whereabouts. They get in a fight and a gunshot is heard. Rashmi leaves the scene to make sure that Raj is okay. He is about to be shot but, on seeing Rashmi, the henchman shoots her instead. She is shot twice and rolls down the hill. Raj overpowers the henchman and reaches Rashmi's side, crying. They promise never to leave each other. On saying this, Rashmi breathes her last in Raj's arms. A grief-stricken Raj is devastated by Rashmi's death, and says that nothing can separate them. He commits suicide with a dagger given to him by Rashmi and dies with his head on her chest. The final scene is both families running toward them; the lovers are together, never to be separated, as the sun sets behind them.
Melody	British	romance	Waris Hussein	This romantic story is told through the viewpoint of the children in the story, the adults playing only supporting roles. Daniel Latimer befriends the troublesome Ornshaw. However, when Daniel falls in love with Melody Perkins, the boys' friendship becomes jeopardized, as Ornshaw grows jealous of the amount of time that Daniel gives her. Initially embarrassed by the attention, Melody comes to return Daniel's feelings, and the couple announce to their parents that they want to get married. Not sometime in the future, but now. The adults attempt to dissuade them, but Daniel and Melody's determination leads Ornshaw to have a change of heart. Their classmates gather together at one of the children's hideouts to 'marry' the couple, with their discovery leading to a final showdown between children and teachers.
Hum Ho Gaye Aapke	Bollywood	romance	Agathiyan	Rishi Oberoi is the only son in the Oberoi family, who are wealthy and own a palatial home. Rishi is a womanizer, and often drinks. One day he comes across an attractive young lady, who he later comes to know as Chandni Gupta. Chandni is not impressed with Rishi's advances, and ignores him. Chandni is employed with an organization, and is in love with her co-worker, Mohan Sachdev. When Mohan and Chandni plan to marry, they are met with opposition from Mohan's parents, and as a result Mohan marries someone else. Rishi comes to know about this and offers to console Chandni as a friend. It is now up to Chandni to decide if she would prefer a womanizer and a former admirer as a friend.
Modati Cinema	Telugu	romance	Venkat Kuchipudi	Sreeram (Navdeep) is from a rich family. Sindhu (Poonam) is a middle-class girl with a nagging step mother and a strict father. Sreeram is impressed by Sindhu at first sight. He helps her solve her family problems. In the process, she misunderstands him. The rest of the movie is all about how the two understand the power of their love and tie the knot on the same day they meet.
Jeene Ki Arzoo	Bollywood	romance	Rajashekar	Jeene Ki Arzoo is an action film starring Mithun Chakraborty and Rakesh Roshan in the leads.
Allari Bullodu	Telugu	romance	K. Raghavendra Rao	Madhava Rao (Vizag Prasad) is a big businessman and his competitor Saxena (Satya Prakash) is a crook. When Madhav Rao meets with an accident,his daughter Trisha (Trisha) takes over the company. Raju (Nitin) comes from nowhere to help Trisha. Trisha appoints Raju as general manager. Trisha has an inseparable younger sister called Usha (Rathi). Due to certain circumstances,Raju forces himself to disguise as Balu and Usha falls in love with Balu. As the confusion about mixed identities continue,Munna - another look alike of Raju - comes from Mumbai. Munna is a right hand of Karim Lala (Saurabh Shukla) - a Mumbai underworld don. The rest of the story is all about what happens when Munna try to destroy the family which Raju intend to save. [1]
Seethamma Andalu Ramayya Sitralu	Telugu	romance	Gavireddy Srinivas Reddy	Sri Ram (Raj Tarun) is a young village dude, who starts loving a gal Seetha mahalakshmi (Arthana Binu) from young age. Sri Ram remains in the village, Seetha goes to the city for higher education and keeps coming to the village for holidays. Sri Ram and Seetha become good friends after a couple of positive incidents. Sri Ram tries to impress her in many ways and tries to express his love throughout the first half of the movie. Seetha rejects his proposal when she gets to know that Ram loves her. The Second half is more of how Ram wins her love and impresses Seetha's Family with his determination and overcoming some challenges.
Hana yori Dango Final	Japanese	romance	Unknown	Tsukasa Dōmyōji (Jun Matsumoto) and Tsukushi Makino (Mao Inoue) are driving through Nevada. Weeks prior, Tsukasa announced to the world that he was engaged to Tsukushi. He released an embarrassing picture of her eating noodles, angering her. As a result of the announcement, Tsukushi's family become targets of media attention. Soon after, Tsukushi’s parents formally met with Kaede Dōmyōji (Mariko Kaga), Tsukasa’s mother, to discuss the wedding. Kaede presented Tsukushi with a tiara which grants endless love to the owner and her partner. At the Hotel Volver, the couple are about to kiss when a man crashes through the window and seizes the tiara. Tsukasa pursues the thief with Tsukushi far behind, but the thief manages to escape. Tsukushi and Tsukasa return to their room, where they notice that the window has been fixed. The staff claim they heard no disturbance, even though Tsukasa and the thief have created chaos throughout the hotel. After some investigation, Tsukasa's secretary Nishida (David Itō) informs him that the thief may be in Las Vegas. Tsukasa and Tsukushi secretly plan to go there. Rui (Shun Oguri) phones Shizuka Tōdō (Mayumi Sada) just before her wedding. He states that he has many things to move on from. Tsukasa visits Rui to inform him of his plans. Rui asks why he did not contact Sōjirō Nishikado (Shota Matsuda) or Akira Mimasaka (Tsuyoshi Abe) instead, but Tsukasa tells him that they are busy. Tsukushi and Tsukasa finally arrive in Las Vegas. They check into a motel before going to a casino, a location where Nishida told them the thief might be. They meet Shigeru Okawahara (Natsuki Katō), who reveals that she is seeing Kazu Kaburagi (Naohito Fujiki), the heir of a large company that owns the hotel where the tiara was stolen. Tsukasa questions Kaburagi; he says that he was told to pretend nothing happened at the Hotel- in return for his cooperation, five million USD was deposited into his account. Kaburagi claims he does not know the thief. Back at the motel, Akira calls Tsukasa and informs him that the tiara will go on the black market in Hong Kong. Tsukushi and Tsukasa then plan to head there before Kaburagi arrives, saying that he heard about the auction. He gives them the five million to help them get the tiara back. Tsukushi and Tsukasa gamble the money at the roulette table in order to pay Kuburagi back. As the wheel is spinning, the two notice the thief and Tsukasa chases him by jumping over the table, causing the ball to land next to the winning space. The thief gets away and Tsukushi is thrown out of the casino for refusing to hand over the money. Outside, she reunites with Tsukasa and the rest of F4, who Tsukasa has called. The five fly to Hong Kong in a private jet for the auction. They win the tiara back but Tsukushi sees Rui talking to the thief. She tells Tsukasa, but he does not believe her and the two fight. The next day, Tsukushi boards the private jet, finding Tsukasa already there. They are still on bad terms. A flight attendant serves them spiked champagne, the two pass out and the thief steals the tiara again. They awake on an island where they wait for help. They realize that their wild goose chase around the world is similar to the story behind the tiara. After talking with Kaburagi about why he divorced his wife, Tsukushi asks Tsukasa what his dream is. He points at her. Just as Tsukushi is about to tell her dream in return, a helicopter arrives to pick them up. They arrive at an estate and confront the man who they saw at the auction. He reveals that the tiara plot is a ruse by their Tsukushi's parents to ensure that their marriage would be happy. Everyone involved was part of the act. They finally marry in Ebisu, Tokyo. One year later, Sōjirō is a renowned tea master releasing a book, Akira is meeting with his fellow underground men, and Tsukasa and Tsukushi are back on the uninhabited island. As they write Love on the beach, Tsukasa asks Tsukushi what her dream is; she places her hand over her stomach and says that it has come true. Overjoyed, Tsukasa listens to her stomach. Meanwhile, Rui has finally moved on from Shizuka as he places a picture of Tsukushi and F4 on his windowsill.
Tokyo Koen	Japanese	romance	Shinji Aoyama	Miura Haruma takes on the role of Koji, a college student aiming to become a professional photographer. One day, he receives an unusual request to shadow the client's girlfriend and take pictures of her; this assignment leads to subtle changes in his relationships with the women around him. Nana Eikura plays the ex-girlfriend of Koji's childhood friend, while Manami Konishi plays Koji's sister after one of her parents remarries, and Haruka Igawa plays the woman that Koji is photographing.
Ninaithu Ninaithu Parthen	Tamil	romance	Manikandan	This movie is similar to Romeo and Juliet, a tragic love story about two star-crossed lovers. The movie focuses on the love that blossoms between an Indian student (Vikranth) and a Pakistani girl. The movie is essentially about how they must both fight against forces which oppose them. The movie outlines some of the most complex themes and problems that occur between the two state. The story alternates between Vikranth's parents searching for him, while the flashback of the incidence are portrayed along the way. Eventually, near the end, the Pakistani girl suicides thinking her lover is going to die. However, Vikranth turns up to find her dead. This causes him to break down, eventually psychologically affecting him. As time goes on, Vikranth physical appearance changed to the point where no one recognizes him. The movie ends on a sad note, where his own mother fails to recognize her own son.
Teenmaar	Telugu	romance	Jayanth C. Paranjee	Michael Velayudham (Pawan Kalyan) is a chef in Cape Town, South Africa. He is an easygoing chap who flirts with girls and makes the most of his affairs. His ambition is to go to US and work in New York for a stockbroker. He dates one of his acquaintances Meera Shastri (Trisha Krishnan), an art restoration professional in Cape Town. After a year, they agree to break up as she has to move to India for work and he thinks long-distance relationships don't work. In Cape Town, Michael meets Senapathi (Paresh Rawal) the owner of a restaurant who narrates the love story of his friend Arjun Palwai (Pawan) with Vasumati (Kriti Kharbanda) which had happened around 1981. Meanwhile, after Meera moves to India, Michael fails to connect with any other girl. To prove to her that he has moved on, he meets a blonde girl Michelle (Danah Marks) in a bar and dates her. However, Meera is proposed to by her family friend Sudheer (Sonu Sood), a politician, and she agrees to marry him, only to prove that she has moved on too. He comes to India with some pretext and meets Meera. Michael, who is frustrated that Meera married Sudheer, gets desperate and tries to regret what had happened so far in his sorrow he gets an offer for his dream job in US. After initially having joyful moments in his new job, he eventually feels some loneliness which he doesn't understand. The rest of the story focuses on how Michael realizes his mistakes and how Arjun Palwai's story makes an impact on his decision.
Prayanam	Telugu	romance	Chandra Sekhar Yeleti	This is a story of a boy and girl who meet for the first time in an airport and fall in love before they board their flights. Dhruv is the boy and Harika is the girl. They are distinctive individuals. Dhruv is a kind of boy who loves to take chances in life. Harika is one who likes to make right choices in life. She is doing Masters in Lifestyles Design Academy in Malaysia. Right now she is on her way to India to meet a prospective groom whom her parents have chosen for her. Dhruv falls in love at first sight with Harika when he sees her at the airport. But he has only two hours to make her fall in love with him. The rest of the story is about how he succeeds.
English Babu Desi Mem	Bollywood	romance	Praveen Nischol	Hari and Vikram (both played by Shah Rukh Khan) are brothers of the head of Mayur group of industries. Hari is a registered pilot and elder of the two brothers. Hari's father had promised his business partner that Hari will be married to the latter's daughter. Hari tries to resist the marriage but receives clear signals that his father won't budge. Once during a test flight, while Hari is flying solo, he fakes an accident that leads everyone to believe he died. In reality, Hari survives. When he finally comes to the shore, he is in Mumbai. He meets a poor girl Katariya (Rajeshwari Sachdev) and the two fall in love. They get married and start their own family. Tragedy strikes when their house gets accidentally burnt and Hari and Katariya die. Their son, Nandlal Nandu(Sunny Singh) is brought up by Katariya's little sister Bijuriya (Sonali Bendre) When Hari's son is 8 years old, Vikram comes to Mumbai. Vikram was never satisfied by the story that his brother died in a plane crash. After years of investigating, Vikram correctly predicts that his brother survived and most likely landed in India. He learns that Hari is dead, but his son is alive. Vikram believes that as Hari's son (whom he affectionately calls Master Mayur) is the next generation of Mayur industries, he should be taken back with him. Bijuriya, who is a bar dancer at Banjo's Beer Bar, objects to this, thinking he is here to separate her and Nandu. Vikram and Bijuriya have not met yet. Vikram does not even know who has brought his nephew up. Bijuriya knows that if Vikram goes to court, she will lose Nandu forever. Bijuriya pretends to be Princess Sonali, a royal family member who was Vikram's nephew's guardian. Vikram falls for her charade and slowly falls in love with her. But one day, her truth is exposed to him. Vikram decides to take his nephew back with him immediately. The nephew, who detests his newfound uncle and adores his aunt like a mother figure, protests this, but Vikram remains adamant. Bijuriya forces Nandu to go with Vikram after getting to know that Nandu misses school and does petty jobs to earn money to marry off Bijuriya. She is forcibly taken to sleep with a goon Bheema Khalasi (Kiran Kumar) who had her eyes on her, just to fight for the child one last time. When Vikram learns about this, he comes to the hideout just before Bheema Khalasi is about to rape Bijuriya. Vikram overpowers the goon and saves Bijuriya. He is convinced that Bijuriya will be the best parent for his nephew. Vikram marries Bijuriya and takes her and his nephew back with him.
The Careless Years	American	romance	Arthur Hiller	Two high school seniors from different social groups go on a date. He begins to fall for her when she resists his amorous advances and decides they should get married immediately. Both sets of parents object to the sudden nature of the proposal. He talks her into going to Mexico to get married, but they finally decide it is best to wait until they are older.
Many Rivers to Cross	American	romance	Roy Rowland	Kentucky, the late 1700s: A traveling preacher's coming to town, but Miles Henderson is upset because Cissie Crawford seems reluctant to marry him. She seems more interested in a handsome trapper who's just arrived in the territory, Bushrod Gentry. Cissie's life is saved by Bushrod after she's attacked by Shawnee tribesmen, but he's a confirmed bachelor who lets her down gently. While traveling on his own, Bushrod is wounded by the Indians and in danger until another woman, Mary Stuart Cherne, saves his life. Feeling love at first sight, Mary takes him home to her Scottish-born father, Cadmus, and their Indian servant, Sandak, to heal. Her longtime suitor Luke Radford is unhappy about this interloper. Bushrod again declines a chance to settle down, whereupon an angry Mary ends up keeping him there against his will. With her four brothers keeping a gun on him, Bushrod is forced to marry Mary. He punches a justice of the peace and gets 30 days in jail. Another trapper, Esau Hamilton, has a sick child whose life Bushrod ends up saving. He slips away and intends to be on his own again, but Bushrod comes across Indians who are trying to scalp Mary. He saves her life this time, then accepts his fate as a man in love.
Moondru Per Moondru Kadhal	Tamil	romance	Vasanth	Varun (Vimal) and Anjana’s (Lasini) love story happens in the Ooty mountains (in Tamil literature, they are referred to as Kurinji); Guna (Cheran) and Mallika’s (Muktha Bhanu) story happens in Tuticorin seashore (Neidhal); and Harris (Arjun Sarja) and Divya’s (Surveen Chawla) story happens in the city (Marudham). The story revolves around these couples and the trials and tribulations they face. Varun explains the story of his life where he had fallen with Anjana in spite of knowing that her engagement has been called off, but later sacrifices his love after hearing the story of Guna and Mallika. Guna is a philanthropist who runs an organisation called Punnagai, a rehabiliation centre for jail prisoners. Mallika, a physiotherapist silently pines love for him. When Guna failed to unite a prisoner (Aadukalam Naren) with his family, Mallika does the job. Impressed with her he handles the responsibility of taking care of Punnagai to her and leaves the town. Another story is of Harris, a swimming coach and his student-cum-lover Divya (Varun claims that Divya is his childhood friend but there is no scene where they are together). Divya is disappointed for losing the swimming match, her father Thiruvengadam (Thambi Ramaiah) advises another coach Elango (John Vijay) to replace Harris with another coach, but Divya is adamant that Harris should be her coach. Meanwhile, Harris gets involved in a bike accident where his legs and hands has been hurt, but he encourages Divya to take part in the Olympics swimming match. Divya practices for the match rigorously and wins the competition by finishing it in less than 56 seconds. In 2016, Varun narrated these stories, because these incidents prompted him to write a novel called Moondru Kaadhal. Harris arrives at the press conference of the book release and tells that he is alive because of Divya. She is the epitome of goodness and confidence and he narrates that though Divya had won the match, she died due to heart attack on the swimming pool. The film ends with Harris uttering Kaadhal Ketpadhalla Koduppadhu (Love is not to be asked but to be given).
Keka	Telugu	romance	Teja	Arjun (Raja) is a student and he meets a young beauty Sujata (Ishana) in a village. Both of them hail from Hyderabad but they come to this village on holidays where their grandparents live. After an incident, Sujata's grandparents take to her to the city where her parents fix marriage with a rich guy Kiran (Anup) who happens to be Arjun's best friend. Now all these three land in same college and love between Arjun and Sujata blossoms again. When Arjun tells Kiran that he is in love with Sujata, the latter readily sacrifices for their friendship. The movie concludes with a major twist ending.
Paramathma	Kannada	romance	Yogaraj Bhat	Param (Puneeth Rajakumar) son of a heart specialist doctor Jayanth is an eager to know many things in life. He keeps on shuffling from one place to another. A gold medalist in Bachelor of Science takes six attempts to complete his master's degree because of his friends. He is a rich guy and he can do any task easily. He falls in love with Deepa (Deepa Sannidhi), but Sanvi (Aindrita Ray) is in love with him. He does not have any intentions other than friend with Sanvi. So he makes it clear and shows interest in getting Deepa as his partner in life. There are tough guys in the house of Deepa that he has to convince. But the proposal comes in a fit of anger of Deepa for the marriage. After marriage Deepa delivering a child a few years' later dies and Sanvi this time comes with her marriage invitation. Param reacts to it in a very jovial style and he is under the impression Deepa is not physically with him but mentally she has not left him.
Khalnayak	Bengali	romance	Ratan Adhikari	Ballu (Sanjay Dutt) is a gangster who is arrested by Inspector Ram (Jackie Shroff). Ram shows compassion to Ballu while trying to get information that would lead to capture of Ballu's boss and mentor, Roshida. Ballu does not speak, and he promises to escape from the jail. Ballu escapes from the jail, while Ram is visiting his girlfriend, Ganga (Madhuri Dixit), who is also a police officer. When news of this breaks out, Ram's reputation is in tatters as the media portrays Ram as an officer who has neglected his duty. Ganga, in an attempt to restore Ram's reputation, goes undercover as a street-girl. Ganga realizes that Ballu is a kind-hearted person who turned to crime due to poverty and circumstances, and she tries to rehabilitate him while on the run. Meanwhile, Ballu begins to fall in love with Ganga. He becomes enraged when he finds out she doesn't love him and is a police officer. Ganga continues to help Ballu as she has seen good in him. Meanwhile, Ram approaches Ballu's mother for help and realises that Ballu is, in fact, his childhood friend. Ballu's mother and Ballu then tell Ram and Ganga, respectively, the story of how Roshida used their poverty to corrupt Ballu. Roshida killed Ballu's sister, and put the blame on the police. Ballu kills the officer he believes to be behind this and from then on spirals into a life of crime. Ganga, afraid that police will kill Ballu, stops the police from shooting him, allowing him to escape. She is hence arrested for aiding a criminal and is accused of being in a relationship with Ballu, which destroys her professional and personal reputation. Ballu's mother finds him, while she is followed by Ram. In the following confrontation, Ballu's mother takes Ram's side trying to convince Ballu to give himself up. Ballu, seeing Ganga's picture in Ram's wallet realizes that this is who she loves. Ballu manages to escape to Roshida's base where Roshida promises to help him escape, but betrays him and attempts to kill him and his mother. The police, led by Ram, attack Roshida's lair. In the ensuing conflict, Ballu finds out that Roshida killed his sister. Ram kills Roshida and Ballu escapes. Following Roshida's death, Ballu installs himself as the new boss - but his girlfriend informs him that Ganga is about to go on trial for aiding him. Having a change of heart, Ballu appears to attack the court, but then surrenders himself and swears that Ganga is innocent, thereby restoring her reputation and reconciling her and Ram.
Texas, Brooklyn and Heaven	American	romance	William Castle	Eddie Tayloe (Madison) is a reporter assigned to the Ft. Worth desk of a Dallas newspaper, and as the two neighboring cities are feuding, therefore has nothing to do. He dreams of becoming a New York City playwright, and a small inheritance from his grandfather gives him his chance. Quitting his job, he begins the long drive. Picking up hitchhiker Perry Denklin (Lynn), also looking for fame and fortune in New York, he shares with her encounters with various eccentric characters. The big city does not work out for either of them, and when Eddie finds Perry working in a Coney Island girlie show, he pulls her out and they find happiness together, buying a ranch back in Texas.[2]
Thoondil	Tamil	romance	K. S. Adhiyaman	The film tries to work on the old saying hell hath no fury like a woman scorned. Divya (Divya Spandana) is an upcoming model in London who meets Sriram (Shaam), an IT guy and falls in love. They sleep together, but Sriram leaves her when Divya's boss tells him to stay out of her life if he wants to see her make it big. Divya feels betrayed when she finds out but does not know that her boss is the reason behind the split. Divya does achieve her dream and becomes a top model, but is on a revenge romp to wreak havoc in Sriram’s happily married life to Anjali (Sandhya). Anjali is a cheerful girl whose only sorrow in life is that she doesn't have a child, and when she finally has a baby after 4 years of marriage to Sriram, Divya comes into her life and takes the baby away, saying that that is her baby. What happens after that forms the climax of the movie.
9/Tenths	American	romance	Bob Degus	The film takes place sometime in the not too distant future where terrorist attacks are on the rise and cities are the primary targets. Jessica (Gabrielle Anwar) and husband William (Henry Ian Cusick) have fled the city amid the increasing terrorist threats. William is excited to relocate to his newly purchased ranch hundreds of miles from nowhere. Jessica reluctantly humors her husband and his paranoid fears by going along. On their arrival, William and Jessica discover someone already living in their house. Elias (Dave Baez) proves quite an intimidating presence when the couple discovers him in their kitchen butchering a freshly killed animal. But Elias soon explains in his broken English that he was the caretaker for the previous owner who had promised to let him continue living there as a reward for his services. William knows of no such arrangement and quickly attempts to get rid of this man he sees as nothing more than a trespasser. Elias sees the couple the same way and develops his own ideas about sending them back to the city. Meanwhile, it quickly becomes obvious that William is of little use in this rustic environment that Elias calls home. Even a simple task like fixing a broken water heater is beyond William's range of expertise. I pay people to do these things for me, he blurts out. Obviously successful in the professional world, William is at a loss in his newfound sanctuary. William's frustration festers as he observes Elias's adroitness with such tasks. Just as the property dispute escalates to a dangerous level, the three hear parts of an emergency radio broadcast indicating that an extremely large terrorist attack has caused widespread, catastrophic destruction in the world around them. The three are cut off from everything, completely in the dark as to whether anybody at all, is left alive in the area, the country or even the world. Civilization as they have to know it may have ended. This alters the dynamic between the pampered city couple that are totally invested in what is known as civilization, and the self-sufficient Elias. As time goes by and the couple's supplies diminish, Elias, formerly a second-class citizen at best, finds himself in a position of power since he is the only one with the skills needed to survive. This change in events brings forward Elias attraction to Jessica which is intertwined with the desperate circumstances, leading all three down a frightening and depraved path none would have ever expected.
Unakkum Enakkum	Tamil	romance	Mohan Raja	Muthupandi (Prabhu) takes care of his only sister Kavitha (Trisha) following their mother’s early death when they were young. He lives in a village and brings up his sister with lot of care and affection. In the meantime, Muthupandi has an aversion towards arrogant rich people in the society as his father, who was rich abandoned his mother following which she died. Santhosh (Jayam Ravi) is the only of son of a London based business tycoon Krishnan (Bhagyaraj) and Janaki (Geetha). Santhosh comes to Chennai along with his mother Janaki to attend his cousin Lalitha’s (Richa Pallod) wedding. Lalitha is the best friend of Kavitha and she too comes to Chennai a few days before the wedding. Santhosh, a fun loving person develops an attraction immediately after seeing Kavitha. But Kavitha does not reciprocate and she maintains distance with Santhosh. Slowly Santhosh and Kavitha become good friend and love blossoms between them. Shalini (Tejaswini) is the daughter of Santhosh’s family friend JP (Manivannan) and she too loves Santhosh. Janaki gets furious knowing about Santhosh and Kavitha’s love affair as she thinks Kavitha is poor and is from low societal status. On the day of Lalitha’s wedding, when Santhosh is away, Janaki and JP speak ill of Kavitha and ask her leave the place before Santhosh returns. When Kavitha is about to leave the place, suddenly Muthupandi arrives and is shocked to see his sister’s condition. He gets angry and scolds everyone there for hurting his sister and he also takes Kavitha with him back to the village. Santhosh is shocked knowing about the events and he leaves to the village immediately with the hope of convincing Kavitha. But Muthupandi does not like Santhosh seeing Janaki’s attitude and thinks that he too will ill treat Kavitha. Santhosh apologizes to Muthupandi for the mis happenings and requests to get Kavitha married to him. Now Muthupandi comes with a challenge. He allots 1 acre of agricultural land to Santhosh and asks him to do farming there. Muthupandi challenges Santhosh to cultivate more than him using the land allotted. Santhosh accepts the challenge although he does not knowing farming. Santhosh tries hard to do farming and somehow he manages to learn cultivation. JP and Shalini do not want Santhosh to win the challenge and they rope Mayan (Kalabavan Mani) in the village to distract Santhosh. Also there is local rich man in the village Sivaji (Kadhal Dhandapani) and his son who wants to marry Kavitha at any cost. Cultivation is completed and rice grains are bundled in both Santhosh and Muthupandi’s farms. One day, Sivaji and his son set fire to Muthupandi’s home with plans of killing Santhosh. But Santhosh gets alerted and he escapes. Also he saves Kavitha’s horse doll which she considers to be precious (as it was made by Muthupandi when they were young). On the day before the counting, Mayan takes a few bundles from Santhosh and places it along with Muthupandi’s so that Santhosh will lose the challenge. On the other hand, Muthupandi understands Santhosh’s true love towards Kavitha and believes that he is the right match for his sister. At night, Muthupandi visits Santhosh’s land and places a few additional rice grain bundles so that Santhosh can easily win. Santhosh wins the challenge as he has cultivated more compared to Muthupandi following which he agrees for their wedding. But Sivaji and his son get angry seeing this and they decide to kill Santhosh and marry Kavitha. JP and Mayan also gets angry and they plot to murder Muthupandi. They kidnap Kavitha and beat up Santhosh and Muthupandi. A fight erupts as Mayan and Sivaji’s son is killed by Santhosh and he saves Kavitha while JP and Shivaji is violently defeated by Muthupandi. Knowing this, Shalini dies. When police arrives at the spot, Muthupandi takes the blame of murder and requests Santhosh to marry Kavitha and lead a happy life. Muthupandi gets jailed for two years and he gets released with the hope of seeing Kavitha and Santhosh leading a happy married life. But he is surprised seeing them in wedding attire in front of the jail when he comes out. Santhosh and Kavitha were waiting to conduct the marriage only after Muthupandi is released. Muthupandi feels proud of them. Janaki realizes her mistake and apologizes to Muthupandi. In the end, Santhosh and Kavitha are married. Muthupandi and Valli (Mallika) develop love for each and other.
Greeku Veerudu	Telugu	romance	Kondapalli Dasaradh Kumar	Chandu (Nagarjuna) is a very selfish, self-made and cutthroat businessman in New York who runs a successful Event Organizing Agency and is aided by his uncle Sundar (M. S. Narayana), friends Bharath (Bharath Reddy) and Maya (Meera Chopra). Chandu never believes in relationships and family bonding citing them as a mess to discard. He is always involved in romantic activities with many girls sans commitment. Maya loves Chandu but as fate would have it, She marries Kamaraju (Brahmanandam), an aged yet wealthy doctor to rob his wealth. On the advice of Chandu, she applies for divorce and gets the money from him. However, she realizes that Chandu dumped her and makes a plan to teach him a lesson. She manipulates the terms and conditions of the agreement entered between Chandu and another big businessman PR (Ashish Vidyarthi) regarding organizing a charity show. According to the fraudulent terms since the show was unsuccessful, PR gets every right to recover the whole consignment amount from PR. Chandu lands in financial soup and is desperately in need of Money. Thus, he finally decides to visit his grandparents in India who is hoping to meet him since years. Chandu recollects his past in the due course. Chandu's father Sanjay (Sanjay Swaroop) opposed his father Ramachandra Prasad (K. Viswanath) and marries an NRI of his choice only to be expelled from the house. After Chandu was born, Sanjay dies. Ramachandra Prasad visits his daughter-in-law and invites her to come to India. After seeing his Maternal Grandfather insisting his mother to remarry and his mother replying that she can't do it as she can't forget Sanjay. She tells to Chandu to not indulge in any relationships in order to avoid the pain and struggle in them. At the airport, he sees Sandhya (Nayantara), a humble doctor who works as a volunteer in Make A Wish Foundation to fulfill the last wishes of the children who are going to die soon. Being a clever scheme maker and soft talker, Chandu becomes friend with Sandhya who is his co-passenger to India. He later goes to his Grandfather's home and studies the situations there. That family consists of His grandparents, their two daughters, their Husbands who are employees in the company Ramakrishna Prasad runs and their kids. Both the nephews of Ramakrishna Prasad are incapable persons. To avoid some unexpected situations, Chandu lies that he is married. He plans to get 250  million from his father's trust and is successful. But to transfer such amount proofs should be enclosed that Chandu is married as Ramakrishna Prasad wishes to make Chandu's wife as one of the trustees of the trust. To Chandu's rescue, Sandhya visits their house to meet Chandu in a friendly meeting. However, the photos of both in the airport make the family misunderstand that Sandhya is Chandu's wife. Chandu takes her to a lonely room and explains the situation. He asks Sandhya to act as his wife in order to save his Grandparents' life and in turn promises that he would sponsor the three kids who are going to die and are aspiring to make their last wishes come true by Make A Wish Foundation. He also adds that he loved a girl named Maya in New York to avoid further possible complications with Sandhya. Sandhya who is in search of sponsors for the kids accepts his request as it is a noble intention. In the meantime certain incidents Chandu has a change of heart and starts believing in family bonding and relationships and falls in love with Sandhya as he believed that she was the main reason for this change. A scheduled, the fake marriage of Chandu and Sandhya is held by Ramakrishna Prasad and family for the transfer of money and appointment of Sandhya as the trustee. On the day of leaving back to New York, Chandu feels guilty and tells the whole truth to Ramakrishna Prasad including the fact that Sandhya is not his wife. He asks Ramakrishna Prasad to forgive him and leaves with Sandhya. Ramakrishna Prasad is very happy as he feels that the time when Chandu asked him to forgive him, it was the time when he heart fully accepted him albeit their tragic past. Sandhya too leaves back at the New York airport not giving any chance to Chandu to propose her. In New York, Sandhya plans a secret meeting of Chandu with Maya to reunite them as he told that Maya hated him because of some misunderstandings during their stay in India. There Maya reveals the true colors of Chandu to Sandhya which makes Chandu earn the wrath of Sandhya. Ramakrishna Prasad comes to New York and gives him the necessary amount to clear his debts thus helping he sustain in his business. He advises Chandu to prove Sandhya in their next reunion during the trip of the children by Make A Wish Foundation that he is a changed man now. He accompanies Sandhya and the kids and along with them, Kamaraju re-enters the scene as the doctor of the kids. Chandu leaves no stone unturned to prove that he is a changed man now and is sincerely in love which go vain in front of Sandhya. In order to fulfill the kids' last wishes, he strives a lot. After fulfilling the second of the 3 wishes, Chandu invites Sandhya for a dinner one day to talk to her which coincidentally marks her birthday. PR arrives at the spot to celebrate Sandhya's birthday but is infuriated after listening to the rambling story between Chandu and Sandhya. As PR is her elder brother, Sandhya promises to marry the guy he approves and Chandu promises that he himself will never disturb her after the third wish is fulfilled. He risks his life to fulfill the last wish which makes Sandhya believe that Chandu is changed. To the duo's surprise, PR welcomes them at the airport with his associate Subrahmanyam (Vennela Kishore) with whom he arranges the marriage with Sandhya on account of his enmity with Chandu. This makes Chandu much grieved and finally goes back to attend the Seetha Ramula Kalyanam event held at the temple in his village in India. Though he promised his family members that he would attend along with Sandhya, the truth is only known to Chandu, Ramakrishna Prasad and Sundar, who stays back in that village after he falls in love with a local middle-aged woman. To their surprise, Sandhya arrives with her family and Subrahmanyam's family. She promises Chandu to accompany him to the Kalyanam event after PR permits her to go after much recent. Kamaraju lands there unexpectedly and he is the brother-in-law of Subrahmanyam. After some comic situations, all of them unite at the Temple where Chandu tells the truth to his entire family. The family is pleased by him and accepts him, Sandhya accepts his love, PR and Subrahmanyam forego the previous plans and let Chandu marry Sandhya. The film ends with Chandu and Sandhya participating happily together as a couple in the Kalyanam event to which their families and rest of the village people attend.
Tujhe Meri Kasam	Bollywood	romance	Unknown	Rishi (Ritesh Deshmukh) and Anju (Genelia D'Souza) are childhood buddies. They were born on the same day, in the same hospital. Even their parents are best friends from their college years and are now neighbours. Rishi and Anju are inseparable, so much so that they study in the same college in the same class. Akash (Raja Bherwani), a very talented singer, develops feelings for Anju when she spontaneously sings with him at a college function. He, Anju and others leave for Bangalore for a week to participate in a few inter-college competitions. As they are apart for the first time in their lives, Rishi starts missing Anju very badly, but does not understand his feelings. His maid Sarro (Supriya Pilgaonkar), who often teases him and Anju, starts teasing him that he is missing her because he loves her. Slowly, with the maid's words, Rishi begins to realise that he loves her. He buys a gift and greeting card to express himself when she returns. Meanwhile, he sees a girl from his college slapping her friend because he said he loves her. She in a distressed mood and says that such guys are a shame to friendship as they pretend to be friends but really have other intentions. She wishes that every guy could be like Rishi so that a girl and guy could be best friends without any worries. Rishi then feels that he should not tell Anju about his feelings lest she, too, react the same way. He feels that he can bear not to tell her about his love but cannot imagine losing her friendship. Anju returns from Bangalore and tells Rishi that Akash proposed to her during their stay. She comes to his room to ask him what to reply and by mistake half opens the drawer in which he kept his greeting card and gift. He hurriedly closes it and asks her not to open it then tells her to agree to the proposal if she likes Akash. She agrees to his proposal. Later things start to get a rough as Akash doesn't like the closeness Rishi and Anju share. When Akash and Anju are having a conversation and Rishi joins them, Akash asks him to leave as they need some privacy. Such actions greatly distress Anju and she warns him not to do it again, but Rishi explains that what Akash is doing is justifiable. Akash's grandmother comes to Anju's house to arrange their marriage. Her parents agree and marriage preparations are well underway. It is decided that after marriage, Anju will leave with Akash to the USA where his family is settled. It is then that she realises this marriage means breaking her relationship with Rishi and leaving forever. She suddenly dislikes getting married and tries to talk to Rishi about it, but he casually says that it is all part of life and inevitable. She asks how can he talk so cold heartedly. She says she wishes she did not have to leave and wonders why she had to love Akash. She scolds him why he did not get the idea to love her in the first place. At this point Rishi, overcome by emotion, hugs Anju, cries and runs away from her. Anju grows suspicious of his actions and remembers the drawer that he did not let her open. She goes to his room and is shocked to find the card and gift. She says that she does not want to marry Akash and will tell everyone about them. Rishi firmly refuses saying that their parents have given them unlimited freedom: It would be very hurtful, selfish and irresponsible of them to break their trust. At his insistence she goes through the engagement ceremony. After the engagement, Rishi says that he has to go to a basketball match out of the state and will not be there for the marriage. The parents try to convince him, but he doesn't listen. Anju gives him a ride to the station and on the way they remember their childhood. At the station as Rishi is climbing aboard Anju weeps and holds him. He is unable to leave. At the house, the maid tells their parents everything and they come to the station. They find Anju and Rishi on the platform stairs and say that what they feel is not wrong, and it is the way of the world. They say that they shall cancel the marriage and ask them to come home.
Blue Spring Ride	Japanese	romance	Takahiro Miki	Futaba Yoshioka is a 17-year-old high school student who has an inferiority complex, as she has the need to fit with her female friends by acting brash towards the male students, due to a history of attracting the latter which made other girls jealous and ostracize her, as a result causing her to feel that her life is nothing interesting. She finally abandons her facade when she befriends fellow outcast Yuri Makita, who is adamant in keeping her cutesy personality in exchange for being ostracized. At the same time, Futaba is surprised when she reunites with Kou Tanaka, whom she befriended during middle school and with whom she had mutual love until he abruptly moved away to Nagasaki to live with his late mother. She is disappointed, however, as the new Kou is going with his mother's surname Mabuchi and seems to be a completely different person than she knew back then, as he is now a rude, cold, and sneaky individual. Kou enrolls in the school under supervision of his brother, Yoichi Tanaka, who teaches at the school. However, Futaba and Kou have to work together when they apply for the class representative positions, assisted by event representatives Yuri, the also-outcast Shuko Murao who harbors feelings for the elder Tanaka brother, and her admirer, Aya Kominato. The five attend the leadership training and are able to form a bond. After the training, Yuri realizes that she has fallen in love with Kou and confesses during summer festival, but is rejected. Instead, she decides to support Futaba's attempt to woo him and ends up falling in love with Uchiyama, a member of the school band. Meanwhile, after an embarrassing first meeting, Futaba is admired by Toma Kikuchi, Uchiyama's bandmate, who begins inroads to make her turn from Kou and fall for him. He gets his attempt when Kou's middle school friend from Nagasaki, Yui Narumi moves to Tokyo and begs him to take care of her. This causes Futaba to think that anymore attempt to woo Kou is futile, and, after a formal rejection from him, accept Kikuchi's confession. Nevertheless, Futaba struggles to erase Kou from her mind and be serious in her relationship with Kikuchi. Kou, who is revealed to have always loved Futaba after all those years, realizes that Narumi is dragging him back and decides to end their relationship. As Futaba's relationship with Kikuchi becomes complicated with Kou making moves towards her, she chooses to separate from Kikuchi at the end of the school year. With Kikuchi out of the picture for Christmas, Futaba agrees to meet Kou in the same place where they promised to meet years before until his transfer, but it is cut short when Kou is involved in an accident. At the hospital, Futaba and Kou declare their love for each other. The new couple's first task together is helping Kominato confess to Murao. At the start of the new school year, Tanaka also decides to move to the United States to pursue further education and discover new things, wishing his brother happiness out from sulking about their mother's death. To assure his family that he is well, Kou reverts his surname back to Tanaka. The series ends with Futaba and Kou seeking refuge from the rain at a temple like they did years before, which Futaba interprets as the evidence that something interesting has finally started for her.
Cross Country Cruise	American	romance	Edward Buzzell	Sue Fleming's suitcase opens by accident, dropping her clothes from a double-decker bus onto Norman Winthrop. She retrieves her belongings and enters the New York City bus terminal. Intrigued, he follows her and returns a garter belt she overlooked. Steve Borden, the man she is involved with, calls her on the phone (though he is also in the terminal) and tells her to buy a ticket to San Francisco. Afterward, she sees him with another woman. They board the bus too. Norman, who is supposed to go to San Francisco by train, decides to travel by bus instead. Murphy has orders from Norman's father to keep him away from women. To Murphy's satisfaction, Sue rebuffs Norman's initial attempts to become better acquainted. May gives all her money to a friend, but manages to charm the bus driver, various relief drivers and Willy, a talkative, know-it-all passenger, into letting her ride for free. When the bus stops in Poughkeepsie, Steve and Nita Borden prove to be con artists, selling bibles at inflated prices to those who have lost loved ones recently, claiming they were specially ordered by the deceased. Nita, suspecting what is going on, later chats with Sue and introduces her husband, Steve. A disgusted Sue breaks up with Steve. She then makes a date with the persistent Norman at Niagara Falls. While Norman is getting ready, Murphy steals his clothes, but Norman goes with Sue to see the Falls wearing a raincoat provided by the tour company. When a tour employee demands the raincoat, Norman is shown to have only a bath towel on underneath. Norman arranges a candle-lit dinner for two in Chicago, but Murphy invites all the other passengers. When the bus later has engine trouble, the passengers go to a nearby carnival, where Norman challenges Sue to a bow and arrow contest; the prize, if he wins, is a kiss, but she proves to be a much better shot. Later, though, Sue finally lets him kiss her. In Denver, Sue goes shopping in a department store. Steve takes her into a tent in the sporting goods department and tries to get her back, but she turns him down. Nita finds them together. Sue tells her that she is through with Steve, but Nita does not believe her. After Sue leaves, Nita informs Steve that she is going to tell the police all about his scams, so he kills her with a bow and arrow. It is nearly closing time, so he is able to conceal the corpse in a window display as a mannequin. Back on the bus, Steve claims his wife is visiting friends in Denver. Then he tells Norman that Sue broke off their engagement. Norman believes him. When Nita's body is discovered, the police stop the bus and question Steve. Sue states she left after Nita found the two of them in the store, but Steve claims that it was he who left. When Sue's archery skills are revealed, she is taken into custody. However, Norman is able to cast suspicion on Steve too. The police decide to take everyone to Reno, but as they start to board the bus, Steve suddenly forces the driver at gunpoint to speed away, with Sue as the only other passenger. Then Steve takes the wheel and makes the driver jump off. Norman and the police land an airplane on the road ahead of the bus. Steve dies after crashing into it, but Sue is all right. When the bus reaches San Francisco, May and Willy prepare to get married, but he is arrested for bigamy. Norman and Murphy head to a lumber camp in Washington state, where Norman and Sue (and Murphy and May) pair off.
Manasu Maata Vinadhu	Telugu	romance	V. N. Aditya	Venu (Navdeep), a college student, falls in love with Anu (Ankitha). But it takes time lot of effort before he can get reciprocate that feeling. But before he can get her hand, there is a minor matter of dealing with the second hero Amit (Sandeep). The two heroes settle it out on a hockey game. True love and top hero triumph eventually.
Padaharella Vayasu	Telugu	romance	K. Raghavendra Rao	This film revolves around a 16-year-old girl, Malli (Sridevi). She is a recent high school graduate (10th pass) with exceptional scores. She is an attractive, intelligent woman living in a small society filled with ambitions of becoming a teacher. A new veterinarian arrives at the village hospital. Many are impressed by this charming young fellow, he seems to be wealthy and prosperous. Malli is deeply attracted to the doctor and he too in turn seems to reciprocate her feelings. Malli sacrifices her opportunity to study in the teaching college course to spend time with him. But she sees his true colors when he tries to force himself on her. Malli refuses his advances. The doctor dumps her insulting her that she is an ignorant villager and leaves the village. Malli's mother also passes away soon after finding out about her daughter's affair and her failure to get any match arranged for Malli . Her only remaining family is her distant cousin Gopalakrishna (Chandramohan), a village simpleton who is taken advantage of and isolated by the society. He is secretly in love with Malli, and is jealous and upset about the veterinarian. Another important character is the village rowdy Simhachalam (Mohan Babu) who also has an eye on Malli. How Malli lives and whom she chooses as her man forms the rest of the story. The theme of this emotive story is to show how vulnerable women are when in love. This story conveys strong themes and depicts an issue faced by many young women all over the world.
I Love You	Bollywood	romance	T. L. V. Prasad	A poor boy falls in love with a rich girl but the girl’s evil father opposes the marriage as the boy is from poor family and also shares a secret about his father.
Matir Moyna	Bengali	romance	Tarak Masud	The film is set against the backdrop of unrest in East Pakistan in the late 1960s leading up to the Bangladesh War of Liberation. In this setting, a small family must come to grips with its culture, its faith, and the brutal political changes entering its small-town world. Anu, a young boy, is sent off to a madrasah by his unbendingly devout father Kazi. Anu's younger sister falls ill and dies because of Kazi's refusal to use conventional medicine. While at the madrasah, Anu befriends Rokon, an eccentric misfit in the rigorous religious school, who is forced by the teachers to undergo an exorcism by ducking in the freezing river to cure himself. Personal tragedies beset the family and tests its loyalty to the obdurate patriarch Kazi, who still believes in the religious unity of Pakistan, in the face of cruel, contradictory events. A shattering political development then changes their town, their life, and the inner dynamics of the family, including the patriarch's role.
Mere Humsafar	Bollywood	romance	Dulal Guha	Raju is his real name, but due to his unhealthy and unkempt manner of living, he is called Junglee by everyone in his village, all save for ex-convict Ustad Anwar, who has served time for murder and his father. When Raju's dad passes away, the local money-lender gives him an ultimatum to either repay the loan or he will take possession of his house and land. Raju decides to hitch a ride to Bombay, get a job, save some money, buy a couple of bullocks, till his land and repay the money-lender. No one gives him a ride, so he stows away in the back of a fruit-laden truck, which has one more stowaway, a runaway gypsy named Tarna. Both of them meet, fall in love, promise to help and marry each other. After the truck ride, they board a goods train bound for Bombay, but during the journey both get separated. A few months later, Raju finds out that Tarna is now known as Meenakshi, a movie actress. When he goes to meet her, he is told by a man named Ashok, that Tarna is his wife. A bewildered Raju is heartbroken and devastated. When Tarna finds out that Raju had come to meet her, she rushes over to meet him - only to find him in the arms of an attractive young woman named Kusum. Looks like neither of them kept their promise of helping and marrying each other, and due to the change in their respective circumstances have ended up with different life-partners.
The Trail of the Lonesome Pine	American	romance	Henry Hathaway	A feud between Kentucky clans the Tollivers and Falins has been ongoing for as long as anyone can recall. After an engineer, Jack Hale, arrives with coal and railroad interests, he saves the life of Dave Tolliver, whose injury has developed gangrene. Dave expects to marry a cousin, June, but she takes an immediate shine to the newcomer. Her younger brother Buddie is also impressed with Hale, who begins to educate him and take the boy under his wing. But others from both families do not give this outsider their trust. Upset over the budding romance, Dave sets out after Hale with a rifle but is ambushed by the Falins. The latest round of violence causes June not to want to return home, so Hale sends her to Louisville to live with his sister. A bridge is destroyed by the Falins, causing the accidental death of Buddie. A funeral is held and June returns, newly sophisticated from being in the big city. Family patriarch Buck Falin extends his apologies about her brother. Dave, however, is shot in the back by Wade Falin. The families agree that the feud has gone too far. Hale is befriended by all, and will happily marry June.
Marilyn Hotchkiss' Ballroom Dancing and Charm School	American	romance	Randall Miller	Frank Keane (Robert Carlyle) is a grieving baker unable to move on after his wife's suicide. Frank happens upon a car accident involving Steve Mills (John Goodman) who has suffered serious injuries. Steve was on his way to a ballroom dancing class in Pasadena to meet a childhood friend and asks Frank to go in his place. Frank reluctantly agrees. As the film progresses the story moves back and forth through the timeline of Steve's childhood, the accident scene, and the aftermath of Frank's first Lindy hop. Steve's friend does not appear at the dance class. Frank's depressive state makes him uncomfortable in an environment with so many people. However, he is drawn to shy student Meredith (Marisa Tomei). Some of the students caution him against talking to her. Meredith's partner Randall (Donnie Wahlberg), the star pupil, is an obnoxious bully who takes an instant dislike to Frank and tries to intimidate him. Frank's friends from grief therapy convince him to continue with the dance class and soon the entire therapy group has joined. As the class progresses Frank discovers a natural talent for dance that surpasses Randall's. Randall jealously slashes Frank's tires in an attempt to scare off the baker. Frank ignores the attack against the advice of others and forms a friendship with Meredith, who is revealed as Randall's stepsister and not his abused girlfriend as people assumed. Meredith defends her stepbrother's overprotective behavior, which developed in response to their father's violent physical abuse. Frank eventually scatters his wife's ashes, an act he had been unwilling to perform in the past. He begins to put his life back together. He tracks down Steve's childhood friend (Camryn Manheim) to inform her of Steve's death. She reacts as if their missed reunion means nothing, but privately she cries as she sifts through her mementos of Steve. Frank and Meredith begin a relationship, and with the other members of the dance class continue to find friendship and healing in dance.
Her Night of Romance	American	romance	Sidney Franklin	American millionaire Samuel C. Adams brings his daughter Dorothy to England to see a specialist about her heart trouble. So that she will not be hounded by the press and fortune hunters, Dorothy makes herself up to look extremely plain. Impoverished Lord Paul Menford spies her without the hideous disguise and falls in love with her immediately. When he is mistaken for his uncle, the heart specialist Adams seeks, he goes along in order to meet her. Meanwhile, his agent sells the Menford family estate to Adams. When Menford finally admits the ruse, Dorothy sends him away. Later that night, he gets drunk and goes home, only he has forgotten that he no longer lives at the Menford estate. He crawls into his old room, only to find Dorothy there. Frightened, she makes him leave and barricades the door for good measure. However, he just reenters the room through another door. When she faints, he picks her up and carries her into another bedroom. The butler, his old former servant, sees him do this. The next morning, Dorothy comes down for breakfast, and is annoyed to find the butler has put out two table settings. When one of Paul's friends shows up unexpectedly and finds them dining together, Paul introduces Dorothy as his wife to avoid a scandal. The butler overhears, and soon the joyous news has spread to the village. Dorothy's father arrives. When the villagers gather outside to loudly wish the newlyweds well, Mr. Adams believes that his daughter has married as well. Paul eventually tries to clear things up, but Adams thinks he is just joking. Adams is finally convinced when he finds Paul preparing to sleep in a different bedroom from his wife. Having gotten over her initial dislike for Paul, she agrees to his suggestion that they get married for real. However, when she overhears Joe Diamond congratulating Paul for landing a wealthy heiress and demanding 10% as promised, the wedding is off. Paul sadly leaves. Dorothy's father sees that she is heartbroken without Paul. Paul returns, having received a letter from her, apologizing for her behaviour and asking him to come see her before he leaves for Paris. She is puzzled (but secretly overjoyed), as she did not write it. While Paul packs some of his belongings, she goes to consult her father, who confesses that he is responsible. She begs him to do something to keep Paul from leaving. He has Paul's car sent away and creates a fake rainstorm using a hose. Paul is taken in at first, but then sees that it is only raining on one side of the house. Realizing Dorothy still loves him, Paul kisses her.
Thotti Gang	Telugu	romance	E. V. V. Satyanarayana	Achi Babu (Allari Naresh), Sathi Babu (Sunil) and Suri Babu (Prabhu Deva) are three best buddies since childhood. They form a band that does multi purpose jobs like acting as band of boys for marriages, professional catchers of dogs, and cremation service guys. Karate Malliswari (Gajala), another childhood nightmarish karate-skill-flaunting damsel, lures Achi Babu into love. Then she snatches Achi Babu away from Suri Babu and Sathi Babu to make him her live-in boy friend. They also get engaged to each other. Irritated by their act, Suri Babu and Sathi Babu kidnap Malliswari. They tie her to a chair and then hatch another plan to make Achi Babu believe that Malliswari is dead. In that process, they dig a 'fresh' dead body from a crematorium, pack her in the car of Malliswari and throw that car into a valley. Police confirms that Malliswari is dead and Achi Babu's heart breaks again. Then appears Venkata Lakshmi (Anita Hassanandani), the childhood sweetheart of Achi Babu. Venkata Lakshmi has another flashback . As she was staying in her elder sisters house, her husband becomes attracted to her and one night when she was asleep,he comes to her bedroom and makes love with her. When she wakes up, she is shocked to see her nightdress open and she runs off the room. Her elder sister doesn't help her and she was in a hurry to join an Ashram run by Matasri (Shakeela). Sathi Babu and Suri Babu hatch another plan to unite this couple. At this moment, Malliswari escapes from the den. The rest of the story is all about how these poor confused souls join together and the happy ending.
Satyam Shivam Sundaram	Bollywood	romance	Raj Kapoor	The story is set in a village where Roopa (Zeenat Aman) lives with her father, the village priest. As a young child, the right side of Roopa's face & neck were burned by a pot of boiling oil, leaving part of her face disfigured. Henceforth, Roopa keeps her right cheek hidden under the cover of her Sari. Despite the terrible accident, Roopa remains religious and goes to the village temple daily, singing hymns and devotional songs. The protagonist Rajeev (Shashi Kapoor) is a dashing engineer who arrives in the village to oversee the operation of a major dam. He abhors anything that is ugly. He hears Roopa's religious singing and meets her, but didn't see her disfigured side, and falls in love with her. He then asks her father's permission to marry her. After the wedding, he discovers the truth, and thinks that he was cheated and forced to marry someone else, at which point he disowns Roopa and drives her out of the house. Roopa decides to meet him at night, using a veil to hide the charred side of her face. Rajeev spends his days hating his wife, and his nights loving his mistress, not knowing they are both the same woman - Roopa. During one of their nights together, they make love and Roopa gets pregnant. When Rajeev finds out that his wife is pregnant, he suspects her of infidelity and still refuses to believe this his mistress and wife are one and the same. In the movie's climax, a terrible storm ravages the village, breaking open the dam which Rajeev had come to build. In the swirling waters of the flood, Rajeev realises how shallow he had been, and saves Roopa from drowning.
Valobasha Emoni Hoy	Bangladeshi	romance	Tania Ahmed	The story starts off with two mercenaries, Mishu and Mahatab (Mishu Sabbir and Mir Sabbir) who receives a briefcase full of money for a job,murder, which they were supposed to do. But they decide to reform and start a new cleaner life and would use the money to kick start their new life They enjoy their time with the money they had received and roam around London. At a point of their journey, they see a Bengali girl, Oishee (Bidda Sinha Saha Mim) with a British guy, Peter. Mishu falls for her immediately, and they decide to follow her. While following her, they realize that someone is already following them. Someone who turns up everywhere they were going asking for a lighter. They keep that in mind and follow Oishee to her house in the jungles. There they find the guy who had been following them, Sajjad (Irfan Sajjad) and threatens him to find out why he was following them. They find out that Sajjad was hired by Oishee's father (Tareq Anam Khan) to get rid of Peter. Mishu, in order to see Oishee, peeks into Oishee's house but instead sees another girl, Mithila, and gets stunned by seeing her alive. This was the girl they were supposed to assassinate but she remained alive. Then they team up with Sajjad to solve these unsolved mysteries but to find out a numerous problems which they had to face with great difficulties.[4]
Sauda	Bollywood	romance	Ramesh Modi	A young boy named Deepak (Vikas Bhalla) is a student in a college, where he falls in love with a beautiful girl named Jyoti (Neelam). Jyoti ignores Deepak until he impresses her with a song, where she is impressed and the two fall in love. The two get married and Deepak starts searching for a job as an architect. He gets the job and becomes an architect. His friend, Madan works in a bank. Pradeep Singh (Kiran Kumar) is a rich man, who has an account in Madan's bank. He has to go abroad, so he gives Rs. 25 Lakhs (2.5 Million) to Madan and tells him that he can give him the money back after five years. Deepak offers Madan to use the money and improve his life, but Madan refuses, so Deepak takes the money himself and buys himself and Jyoti, a big bungalow. The two go to a casino, where Deepak wins lots of money. They decide to play a bigger game, where Deepak and Jyoti lose more money. A rich businessman named Prakash (Sumeet Saigal) offers Jyoti to play for him and she wins. Prakash and Deepak make friends and he invites them to his birthday, where he sings a song for them. Deepak and Prakash are playing snooker, where Deepak tells Prakash about his problem until Prakash offers Deepak to give him money, if Jyoti sleeps with him for one night. Deepak sells the bungalow to a dealer. On his way back to home, he sits in a taxi, where the taxi driver and some of his friends fight Deepak and snatch his money. He goes back home at night and he tells Jyoti about the incident. At morning, when Deepak wakes up, Jyoti is not at home. When Jyoti returns to home, Deepak asks her where she had gone. She tells him that she has slept with Prakash, which causes Deepak and Jyoti to quarrel with each other and suddenly Jyoti leaves Deepak. Jyoti begins working in an estate agency, where she finds Prakash and the two become friends. Deepak earns a lot of money in his job and returns the Rs.25 Lakh to his friend Madan. One day, Prakash invites Jyoti to a house, where he tries to rape her until Deepak rescues her from Prakash and almost kills him, when Jyoti stops him. Jyoti and Deepak are together again and Prakash tells his uncle (Saeed Jaffery) that he had to do it because he wanted Deepak and Jyoti to become a couple again.
Karka Kasadara	Tamil	romance	R. V. Udayakumar	The film begins with Rahul (Vikranth) coming from US to India to see his grandparents for the first time. He helps a girl who was going to commit suicide due to her upcoming marriage. He performs some comedy with Vadivelu and falls in love with Vijayalakshmi.
Oru Kalluriyin Kathai	Tamil	romance	Nandha Periyasamy	Satya (Arya) planned to meet his five friends after five years of leaving the college days. Unfortunately, Satya's father comes only to inform that Satya is in a coma. In a physcho test conducted by his doctor (Charuhasan), Satya reveals some of the incident happened it the early years of his college life. It turns out that he is in love with Jothi (Sonia Agarwal) after she helps him to get in a train he was about to miss. When Jothi enters the same college he studies, he was so happy since he can see her more often. But he never confesses his love to her, and it lasted until the farewell day as he heard Jothi advising her friend about this. Satya's narration ended here as he started shouting in the doctor's room. Following the doctor's advice, his friends decided to follow a treatment which will help Satya wake himself up from the coma. Agreeing to this, his friends, Chandru (Jaivarma), David (Santhanam), and more contacted, all the students from the batch 2000, help in this treatment. When they go finding for Jothi at her house, it was found out that Jothi is already engaged. Still, Chandru hid the truth that Satya loves Jothi to make her agree to their plan, and she agreed. The group of students then turned their now new modern college to an old college as it was in the year 2000. Satya was brought here and he began to believe that it was the same time he studied there and he fell in love with Jothi. He waits till the farewell day as he was waiting five years ago. On the night before the farewell day, he found out that the current situation he is facing is not the real one, and he realizes that it is now 2005, not 2000 as he was thinking. Slowly, he began to remember what exactly happened five years ago on the farewell day. Satya waited for Jothi outside a temple to confess his love, when someone hits his head from the back. He suddenly wakes up and came back to the present day and he realised his friends have done. On the last day, his friends forced him to propose Jothi. He went to Jothi and asked her to stop the acting his friends asked and also not to cheat herself, and walked away without saying out his love. Jothi comes running towards him and tells Satya that she needs him and regrets why she wasted the five years not knowing Satya's love for her. The couple then hugged each other followed by cheers from all the college students.
Jigariyaa	Bollywood	romance	Raj Purohit	Inspired from true events, Jigariyaa tells the story of Shyamlal Gupta (Shaamu) and Radhika Sharma (Raadha). Shaamu, the only son of halwaai Ramlal Gupta is a happy go lucky boy based in Agra. He spends his days writing sheyr-o-shayari admired by his motley group of good-for-nothing friends. Radhika, the only daughter of Pandit Shankar Dayal Sharma is a well-educated and caring girl who helps her father in his endeavours as a social do gooder and a man of high reputation in Mathura. Shaamu falls in love with Raadha at first sight, who is visiting her Nani’s house in Agra, thus begins his quest to find this elusive girl in the streets of Agra. As they grow fond and close to each other, the destiny takes another turn and the two lovers break apart.[6]
Gaon Hamara Shaher Tumhara	Bollywood	romance	Naresh Kumar	Chandershekhar Pandey and his wife, Lajwanti, come to visit Brij Bhushan and his widowed mother in their village. They assure Brij's mother that in exchange for their land, they will get Brij a small shop in Bombay, and in this way they get the land transferred into their name. Ten years later, Brij's mother dies and Brij moves to Bhuleshwar, Bombay, where Chandershekhar lives with his wife, two unmarried sons, Ram and Shyam, and an unmarried daughter, Bindu. Brij is treated as a mere servant, not paid, but abused and beaten everyday, needless to say Chandershekhar is not going to fulfill his promise of getting him a shop. His only companion on whose shoulder he can cry is the Pandey's maidservant, Parvati alias Paro. Then things turn better for Brij when he finds himself the lucky owner of a Rs.2,50,000 lottery ticket. This suddenly changes everyone's attitude toward him, he is pampered, fed, driven around town, and even given new clothes. But when the Pandeys find out that the ticket he is holding is not the winning number, Brij is once again beaten, and asked to leave. But then, a government official arrives and tells the family and Birju that he has instead won the first prize of lottery worth Rs. 5,00,000. Once again Brij is flattered by family members, but he realizes their intentions and runs away with Paro. Later there is a fight between the family and Birju in which he finally manages to scare away Pandeys' family. The story end showing Birju now happily farming in the village with his wife Paro.
Hrid Majharey	Bengali	romance	Ranjan Ghosh	The film begins with a shot in which a very dishevelled looking Abhijit (Abir Chatterjee) enters the room to find Debjani (Raima Sen) lying dead on the bed. The story goes back to a flashback and we get to see the reason behind such a fatal outcome. Abhijit is a professor of Mathematics at St. Xavier’s College, Kolkata. He lives with his only sister Mallika who is a crime journalist by profession. A chance meeting with a soothsayer (Sohag Sen) who warns Abhijit to stay away from love for his own good is not given much importance by the professor. One rainy night he comes across a beautiful damsel in distress Debjani, stranded, as her taxi has broken down. He gives Debjani, a trainee heart surgeon, a lift in his car and Cupid strikes. They date and fall in love. Abhijit, however, faces a problem at his job when an infatuated student proposes him. He rejects and in retaliation she does something to get back at the professor. He is initially arrested, and then ostracized by one and all. Faced with such grave issues at work, he goes to the Andamans along with Debjani in search of a new life. There they meet Subhro (Indrasish Roy) who is Debjani's junior from their high school days. Subhro runs an NGO at Port Blair and composes music in his pastime. Subhro and Debjani spend time together rejuvenating their old friendship. At times, Abhijit gets jealous of Subhro’s unwavering attention on Debjani. Subhro dies in an accident and this leaves Abhijit in a confused state. He begins to question himself about the prophecy of the soothsayer. What actually happens next? Does Abhijit leave Debjani? And how does she die?
Faasle	Bollywood	romance	Yash Chopra	Vikram (Sunil Dutt) is a proud and wealthy man and adores his motherless daughter Chandni (Farah). Widowed early, he brought up his daughter Chandni (Farah) and son Sanjay (Farooq Shaikh) sacrificing his own personal happiness, choosing a secret relationship over marriage, with Maya (Rekha). When Vijay (Rohan Kapoor) comes into Chandni's life and steals her heart - they realize the course of true love never runs smooth and her father's disapproval and her impending arranged marriage threatens the love between Chandni and Vijay. Faasle is a story about the blind sense of duty inculcated by the older generation and the self-confidence and arrogance of the youth, it is a story of everyone doing what they believe to be right, all in the name of Love.
Nice Women	American	romance	Edwin H. Knopf	A young woman, Jerry Girard (Frances Dee) is pushed by her mother (Lucille Gleason) and family into accepting the marriage proposal of a millionaire, Mark Chandler (Alan Mowbray), who is the employer of her father (James Durkin). To do so, she has to drop the boy she really loves and promised to marry, Billy Wells (Russell Gleason), but her family is seeking to recover from their financial woes and find security. When the millionaire finds out the real situation, he releases her from her vow and gives the young couple a $5000 wedding gift. He then leaves for Europe with an old flame, Dorothy Drew (Carmel Myers).
Kalvanin Kadhali	Tamil	romance	Thamilvaanan	Sathya (S. J. Suryaah) is a casanova by character and pursues Tina (Shradha Arya), a woman around. He sets his sights on Haritha (Nayanthara) and manages to woo her. She loves him whole heartedly and he is not in favor of that. At one moment he falls for Haritha, but at the same time, she comes to know about his real character, and she ends their relationship. The story is about how Sathya changes himself and earns her love back.
The Garden of Allah	American	romance	Rex Ingram	Father Adrien (Iván Petrovich), a monk at the Trappist monastery of Notre Dame d'Afrique in Algeria, abandons his vows and escapes to the desert, where he meets and rescues Domini (Alice Terry).
 P.S. I Love You	American	romance	Richard LaGravenese	Holly and Gerry are a married couple who live on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. They are deeply in love, but they fight occasionally. By winter that year, Gerry suddenly dies of a brain tumor, and Holly realizes how much he meant to her as well as how insignificant their arguments were. Deeply distraught, Holly withdraws from her family and friends out of grief until they descend upon her on her 30th birthday. They are determined to prod the young widow to face the future and explore what her life choices should be. As they rally around Holly and help organize her apartment, a cake is delivered, and with it is a message from Gerry. It proves to be the first of several meaningful messages — all ending with I Love You — which he had arranged to have delivered to her after his death. As the seasons pass, each new message fills her with encouragement and sends her on a new adventure. Holly's mother believes that Gerry's letters are keeping Holly tied to the past. But they are, in fact, pushing her into the future. With Gerry's words as her guide, Holly slowly embarks on a journey of rediscovery. Gerry arranged for Holly and her friends Denise and Sharon to travel to his homeland of Ireland. They arrive at their destination, a house in the beautiful Irish countryside where they find letters from Gerry for Sharon & Denise, one asking Denise to take Holly to his favorite pub. While there, they meet William, a singer who strongly reminds Holly of her deceased husband. He asks her to stay to see him after his last song (Galway Girl), which he dedicates to her. Upon hearing it, she is overcome with emotion and walks out, because it was the song Gerry sang to her shortly after they first met. During the vacation, while on a fishing trip, they lose the boat's oars, leaving the three women stranded in the middle of a lake. During their wait for help, Sharon announces that she is pregnant and Denise reveals she is getting married. This news causes Holly to relapse emotionally and again withdraw into herself. They are eventually rescued by William, whom Sharon and Denise invite to stay the night because of the pouring rain. Unable to deny their feelings for each other, they kiss, and William and Holly have sex. They begin a conversation about her deceased husband and Holly asks William to drive her to visit her in-laws. Upon Holly revealing their names, William realizes she is the widow of his childhood best friend. Revealing this to Holly causes her to panic, but William calms her down and starts to tell stories about his and Gerry's childhood. The next day, Holly visits Gerry's parents and while there, she also receives a letter from Gerry reminding her of their first meeting. Arriving home, Holly again withdraws from family and friends. As she continues to become more and more lost, she is inspired by Gerry after finding one of his suspender clips next to one of her shoes and realizes she has a flair for designing women's shoes; she enrolls in a class that teaches how to actually make the shoes she has designed. A new found self-confidence allows her to emerge from her solitude and embrace her friends' happiness. While on a walk with her mother, she learns that her mother was the one whom Gerry asked to deliver his letters after his death and receives the last letter. As the film ends with Holly taking her mother on a trip to Ireland, we see that Holly has opened herself up to the journey beginning with the next chapter of her life, and wherever it takes her she has the hope of falling in love again.
The Devil-Stone	American	romance	Cecil B. DeMille	As described in a film magazine,[3] Silas Martin (Marshall), a miser, marries Marcia Manot (Farrar) in order to gain possession of a valuable emerald she owns that once belonged to a Norse queen and is now cursed. After the wedding Marcia learns the true side of her husband and realizes that the marriage was a mistake. Silas steals the stone and places Marcia and Guy Sterling (Reid), his business partner, in a false light in order to get a divorce. Marcia sneaks in one night and discovers that Silas has the stone. She gains possession of it, but Silas attempts to regain it. They struggle, and Marcia kills him in self-defense. Sterling is accused of the murder, but the evidence clears him and the crime remains a mystery. Sterling marries Marcia and has an expert criminologist investigate the murder. He traces the crime to Marcia and, when confronted, she confesses. He gives her one month's leave of absence, after which she is to turn herself into the law. Marcia returns to her old home and gives the priest the emerald so he can make provision for homeless orphans. She returns and gives herself up to the criminologist. However, finding that her good deed has redeemed her, the criminologist does not turn her over to the law, and she and Sterling are happily reunited.
Faltu	Bengali	romance	Anjan Das	The story is set around Ranirghat of Murshidabad District in West Bengal in the early 1950s. It is the story of a 20-year-old orphan called Faltu (faltu in Bengali means worthless, junk) and his search for the man who has fathered him. This is also the account of a village and its people, woven around a narrative with myriad moments and a lot of dramatic events. Ranirghat is a village made up of refugees from the then East Pakistan. (Its current population is 148.) The lives of the villagers take a new turn when a census official questions Faltu's parentage. While it is well-known that Faltu is the son of Sureswari Dasi aka Suri Khepi (a mad woman on the street played Indrani Haldar), no one knows who his father is. Neither does Faltu nor he has even bothered with the question. He was happy with what he was doing — driving a bus and ferrying villagers. The census official's question opens a Pandora's box. It turns out that many apparently upright men in the village — including Ismail (Biplab Chatterjee), who brought up Faltu and taught him driving — raped Suri Khepi, taking advantage of her mental condition. Everybody knows that Faltu's father is one of them, but nobody is sure of who that is. Faltu is not particularly concerned. He is more interested in earning his living, and pursuing his love interest — Tuktuki (Manjari Fadnis). A government order brings in bad news for the villagers of Ranirghat. As part of development plans, the government wants to construct a bridge from the village across the river and villagers have to vacate. They agree to do so but, before parting ways, they want Faltu and Tuktuki to get married to make up for what they had done to Suri Khepi. A guilty feeling haunts all the rapists. The elders of the village call a meeting to organize the marriage. When they propose the marriage to Tuktuki's father, he flatly disagrees in a weird manner. He goes to Faltu and discloses that he also had raped Suri Khepi: The marriage should not occur as Faltu and Tuktuki are stepbrother and sister. Tuktuki overheard this. She commits suicide, and the next morning she is found hanging from a tree. The villagers of Ranirghat left with pain-stricken hearts, while the background narrator declares that with a proud and wounded heart, and several questions in mind, the undefeated Faltu drives on. As the construction work of the bridge goes on, the last bit of film captures a night sequence at the construction site: an engineer, sensing the presence of any unknown one, turns on his torch on the person. The last scene freezes there, showing another mad woman trying to drink water from the streamlets pouring down from the upper iron structure. Like the case of Suri Khepi, perhaps this was the beginning of another story of committing sins. The entire story deals with human relations and how the guilt of having done something wrong haunts everyone in the village. They want to make up for their sins, but end up opening a new can of worms and spoiling a marriage.
Maro Charitra	Telugu	romance	K. Balachander	The story revolves around a Telugu girl and Tamil boy who fall in love. Their families interfere and ask them to stay away from each other for a whole year which results in a tragic end.
Amanush	Bengali	romance	Rajib Biswas	Vinod (Soham Chakraborty), who orphaned at an early age,has grown up under the care of a church father, Father Rozario (Nagesh), in North Bengal, is an introvert but a genius. He is forcibly sent to college by Father Rozario but is a complete misfit in class. One day he solves a complex mathematics problem in class surprising his classmates. Though shunned by the rest of his class, Ria (Srabanti Chatterjee) becomes his friend and he gradually warms up to her too. His feelings soon turn into love but he realizes that Ria considers him as only a friend. But he is unwilling to let her go. Meanwhile Vinod learns that Ria is in love with another classmate, Aditya (Rehaan Roy). Ria's father is angered on learning about her love. He shuts her up and prevents her from contacting anyone. But Vinod comes and meets her on the pretext of getting some old clothes for himself to wear. Pitied by Vinod, her father allows him. But Vinod uses the chance and escapes with Ria. He convinces her that she will meet Aditya. Vinod has set up a secret place for executing his plan of wooing Ria. He makes her stay with him, while convincing her by talking about the never-impending Aditya's arrival. On one such day, he reveals his miserable past, where he is made to work for paid labour after being orphaned at an early age. He revolts against the oppression one day against the illegal child labour in vogue at his place. Promptly he is beaten black and blue for his profanity. Moreover he also loses his girlfriend to rapists in that place, who also kill her. Somehow he manages to escape from them and seeks refuge in the place of Father Rozario. Ria is really touched by his past. Incidentally the police and Aditya arrive at the place. While Vinod was away to get some food, they try to make Ria understand that Vinod was a psychopath. Yet Ria scoffs at their claims, citing his gentlemanly behaviour over the days she was put up alone with him. Vinod, learning that the police have arrived at the scene, begins to indulge in mass violence. He opens fire, killing a police constable. Forcing them out of their hideout, he manages to evade the police Inspector and Aditya and successfully brings Ria back to their original place of stay. Ria soon identifies the tiger out of the cow's skin. Vinod pleads with her, telling her that all he wanted in his life was her presence with him. But Ria called him a friend and stated her inability to accept him as her partner for life. Meanwhile Aditya regains consciousness and comes back to attack Vinod and rescue his girlfriend. A violent fight follows, where Vinod defies his puny self and treats Aditya with disdain. The fight culminates with Vinod, Aditya and Ria finding themselves at the edge of a cliff. While Ria clutches a tree bark tightly, Vinod and Aditya slip out and barely manage to hold either of her hands. Ria is forced to a situation where she needs to choose between her boyfriend and friend. Aditya's pleas notwithstanding, Ria doesn't have the heart to kill Vinod. The epic of a cliffhanger finally ends with Vinod smiling wryly at Ria and letting go of her hands himself. He falls dead into the deep valley.
Dil Hai Ke Manta Nahin	Bollywood	romance	Mahesh Bhatt	Pooja Dharamchand (Pooja Bhatt) is the daughter of a rich Bombay shipping tycoon, Seth Dharamchand (Anupam Kher). She is head-over-heels in love with movie star Deepak Kumar (Sameer Chitre), but her father strongly disapproves of their courtship. One night, Pooja escapes from her father's yacht and hops onto a bus to Bangalore to be with Deepak, who is shooting for a film there. Meanwhile, Seth Dharamchand, realizing his daughter has run away, dispatches private detectives to locate her. Aboard the bus, Pooja meets Raghu Jetley (Aamir Khan), a loud-mouth journalist who has just lost his job. He offers to help her in exchange for an exclusive story on her, which would revive his flagging career. Pooja is forced to agree to his demands, as he threatens to let her father know of her whereabouts should she not comply. After both of them happen to miss the bus, Raghu and Pooja go through various adventures together and find themselves falling in love with one another. Raghu desires to marry Pooja, but knows that financially he is in no shape to do so. He simply wanted a story on her life and never wanted to win her heart. Pooja also falls for Raghu and she decides to go with him, but a misunderstanding leads her to believe that Raghu was just looking for a story and not her love. She calls it quits, returns home and agrees to marry Deepak. However, her father learns about Raghu when he comes to him to take back his money, spent by Raghu on Pooja on his way to Bangalore. He realises how Raghu has taken care of Pooja during the trip. Pooja misunderstands him and believes that he might have come for the reward announced by her rich father. At last her father tells Pooja that Raghu is the right man for her and that he has not come for the reward. On the wedding day she realises that Raghu really loves her and then runs away from the marriage mandap (hall) to Raghu with her father's support.
Maleyali Jotheyali	Kannada	romance	Preetham Gubbi	Preetham is the only son of a wealthy but superstitious real estate dealer (Rangayana Raghu). His close friend is Venkatesh (Sharan). After Preetham passes his P.U.C., his father's astrologers inform his father that for the continued peace of his household, Preetham must find a wife. To avoid the problem, Preetham and Venkatesh bribe an astrologer to tell Preetham's father of a very eligible girl in Sakaleshpura (who is fictional and invented by Preetham and Venkatesh). Thus Preetham is able to escape to Sakleshpura, where he stays with an army colonel named Thammiah. It is here that he bumps into Anjali (Yuvika Chaudhary), who lives in the district nearby, and also into Sandhya (Anjana Sukhani), who is an independent girl and a man hater. Preetham also begins to receive many calls from Lucky, a little girl who dialed his number by mistake and became his mobile friend. Preetham falls for Sandhya. Slowly Preetham becomes friends with Anjali, and in order to score brownie points with Sandhya, invents a story of Anjali being dumped by her childhood lover and being in a state of depression. Sandhya becomes friends with Preetham to help Anjali out of her so-called misery, and gradually the three become friends. Preetham begins to discover a number of qualities about Anjali and slowly finds out that how good she is. Gradually, Pretham falls in love with Anjali while Sandhya begins to like Preetham. When Anjali finds out about Preetham's love, she leaves Sakleshpura (she overhears him talking to an old man whom Anjali helps out financially, who is actually Anjali's father). Preetham leaves brokenhearted. Arriving in Bangalore, Preetham first discovers that Lucky has died of a heart attack and that he will never be able to see her again. Then he finds out from Anjali's doctor that Anjali is a cancer patient who is dying. Despite all this, he meets Anjali and convinces her that three minutes with a loved one is better than a hundred years with an unloved one, and Preetham and Anjali get together.
Jahan Tum Le Chalo	Bollywood	romance	Desh Deepak	Shantanu Arya (Nirmal Pandey) is a glamour photographer and a thorough womaniser. Namrata Shorey (Sonali Kulkarni) is a journalist and is quite amazingly in love with Shantanu even though she knows about his womanising ways. All her requests for marriage fall on deaf ears, as Shantanu consistently avoids commitment of any sort. Slowly she starts getting tired of his wayward ways and starts questioning her own thinking. Suddenly a young, rich man, Aakash (Jimmy Sheirgill) enters her life and provides her the much-needed respite from her mundane lifestyle. Aakash is apparently in love with her. But Namrata reminds him of their age difference and the fact that she has given herself tan aur man se to Shantanu. Meanwhile, sensing the growing proximity of Aakash and Namrata and getting rebukes from other girls, Shantanu finally agrees for the marriage. Namrata does a long wait for Shantanu at wedding place but he doesn't reach there till late night and finally as she exits from there, she finds Aakash there and at last, she accepts him which is the climax of this movie. [1]
Mere Yaar Ki Shaadi Hai	Bollywood	romance	Sanjay Gadhvi	Sanjay Malhotra (Uday Chopra) lives in Mumbai with his friend Ria (Bipasha Basu). He receives a phone call from his childhood friend Anjali Sharma (Tulip Joshi) who shocks him with the news that she is getting married. Unfortunately Sanjay has loved Anjali for years. Jealous and frustrated Sanjay makes his way to Anjali with an intention to stop her marriage. Sanjay goes to Anjali's home and soon meets her groom- Rohit Khanna (Jimmy Sheirgill). Sanjay then begins to scheme. He organises a bachelor party for Rohit and all the men in the family. Rohit ends up completely drunk. He picks up on the fact that Sanjay is out to stop his marriage and vows to make sure that Sanjay fails in this. Sanjay and Ria try to make Anjali jealous to make her understand she loves him. Later Ria tells Anjali that she and Sanjay were never lovers. Anjali reveals that she loved Sanjay all her life but the latter never understood it but considered her as only his best friend. Rohit is heartbroken when he comes to know of this. Rohit tells Anjali's mom that she and her daughter, Anjali always wanted Sanjay to marry Anjali from deep within their heart. On knowing his absence in her wedding, Anjali leaves for Mumbai to meet Sanjay in her bridal dress. She asks him why he left . Sanjay expresses his love for her saying that he can't see her marrying anyone else. Finally both express their love for each other. Even though Rohit fails in his challenge, he is happy for their love. Sanjay and Anjali get married, Rohit and Ria sing and dance in their best friend's wedding.
Abbayitho Ammayi	Telugu	romance	Ramesh Varma	Abhi (Naga Shourya) is a desperate youth who wants to have fun in life. He is addicted to various social networking sites and always looks for reasons to flirt with girls. During his search, he comes across a simple girl and becomes good friends with her.This is also the time when he falls for Prardhana (Pallak Lalwani) and starts getting close to her. Twist in the tale arises when Abhi gets caught in an uncompromising situation in Prardhana’s house. Hell breaks loose as both the families of the couple disown them for good. Left clueless, Abhi leaves Pradhana alone in this tricky situation. He gets yet another shock of his life when he comes to know that his close online friend is none other than Prardhana. Rest of the story is as to how Abhi gets his deeds right and wins her love back.
Yesterday Once More	Chinese	romance	Yoyo Yao	Lin Tianjiao (Guo Shutong) is the top girl in her school. During one of her tests, she resorted to copying from notes, and is spotted by Gao Xiang (Bai Jingting), who is considered a wayward student. When the note was discovered by the teacher, Gao Xiang chooses to claim responsibility for trying to cheat. Lin Tianjiao feels apologetic towards Gao Xiang, and begins their friendship. Meanwhile, Lin Tianjiao's good friend, Lu Tiantian (Wang Herun) is courting Ou Xiaoyang (Ding Guansen). However, due to his poor academic standing, Lin Tianjiao ignores him completely. Classmate Huang Tao (Li Hongyi) is secretly in love with Lin Tianjiao, but is too shy to express it. As a result, he and his best buddy, Li Tao (Zhao Wenlong) are at loggerheads with Gao Xiang. The relationship between Lin Tianjiao and Gao Xiang develops, as she begins to understand Gao Xiang better. Knowing that she likes astronomy, Gao Xiang buys tickets for an Astronomy Exhibition and dates Lin Tianjiao. Lin Tianjiao's mother insists that Lin Tianjiao focuses on her school work, and does not allow her any time off, any allowance for friendship. As a result, Gao Xiang never gets to go on the date with Lin Tianjiao. Meanwhile, as an act of love for Lin Tianjiao, Gao Xiang steals into the Astronomy Exhibition at night to take photographs of the place. He is arrested and forced to quit school. Before he leaves, he and his band of friends from the local auto-shop steal into the school to paint astronomical images on to the walls and ceiling of the classroom that Gao Xiang and Lin Tianjiao studied in. At the award of the best student award to Lin Tianjiao, Huang Tao tells her that Gao Xiang is leaving town. Lin Tianjiao uses the opportunity of the award speech to tell of her selfishness as she sought the award. From ignoring the feelings of Lu Tiantian (and her relationship with Ou Xiaoyang) and her brother, Lin Ziao; as well as her good friend, Gao Xiang. She then declines the award, and leaves the auditorium to rush to the train station to bid farewell to Gao Xiang. Unfortunately, she misses Gao Xiang. She (plus her brother, Lu Tiantian and Ou Xiaoyang) run into Gao Xiang's friends from the auto-ship, and hitch a ride to the local radio station, where Lin Tianjiao uses the programming to say farewell to Gao Xiang (singing the Beatles' song Hey Jude). After a few years, Lin Tianjiao is a famous astronomer. She gave up on her mother's plan for her to study finance in Tsinghua University, but decided to follow her own dreams of doing astronomy. She plans a trip to Africa, hoping to meet Gao Xiang in Africa. Meanwhile, the rest of the group meet at Huang Tao's wedding, with Li Tao as his best man. Lu Tiantian and Ou Xiaoyang are still courting, and Ou Xiaoyang is intending to propose to her.
Anandam	Telugu	romance	Srinu Vaitla	Kiran (Akaash) and Aishwarya (Rekha Vedavyas) are neighbours since childhood and always fight with each other on trivial things. Kiran hates her so much that he feels relieved when she moves to Ooty along with her parents. There, Aishwarya comes across an unopened greeting card addressed to Deepika(Tanu Roy). She comes to know that Deepika's family were the previous tenants in that home and tries to find out the whereabouts of Deepika to hand over the greeting card. But she finds out that Deepika committed suicide unwilling to marry the person chosen by her parents and as her plans of elopement failed as her boyfriend did not come to rescue her. Aishwarya feels bad for Deepika and tries to leave the matter but couldn't when she finds letters written by Vamsi, Deepika's boyfriend. She reads them and gets moved by the emotion in it. She decides to break the information of Deepika's suicide to Vamsi, but first, she writes a letter to him as Deepika to prepare him for the bad news. On the other end, Vamsi was no more as he dies in an accident while coming to Deepika to marry her. Incidentally, Kiran was Vamsi's friend and receives the letter written by Aishwarya. He too wants to prepare Deepika slowly for bad news and write her back as Vamsi. They continue exchanging letters for some more time and at last decide to break the news and arrange a meeting. When they see each other instead of Deepika and Vamsi, they get shocked and slowly reveal the truth to each other. They both get impressed with each other for the sympathetic and competent handling of the sensitive matter. They move back to their places but start to having feelings for each other. Slowly they express their emotions and become one.
Show Boat	American	romance	Harry A. Pollard	The eighteen-year-old Magnolia meets, falls in love with, and elopes with riverboat gambler Gaylord Ravenal. After the death of Captain Andy, Magnolia, Ravenal, and their daughter Kim leave the boat and go to live in Chicago, where they live off Ravenal's gambling earnings and are alternately rich and poor. Finally, Parthy announces she is coming to visit at a time when Ravenal is completely broke, and, fearing her wrath, he abandons Magnolia and Kim, after which Magnolia finds a job singing at a local club and eventually becomes famous. Years later, Parthy dies, and Magnolia, who had long been estranged from her because of her attitude toward Ravenal, returns to the show boat. Magnolia and Ravenal are reunited on the show boat at the end of the film, and after Parthy's death, Magnolia gives her own inheritance money to her daughter Kim.
Prem Rog	Bengali	romance	Partha Sarathi Jowardar	Devdhar (Rishi Kapoor) is a poor orphan who in his childhood had a magnetic friendship with Manorama (Padmini Kolhapure), the only daughter of the rich and powerful Thakur. The benevolent Thakur helped Devdhar go to the city for higher studies. After eight years, Devdhar returns to his village, where he finds Manorama has grown up. After seeing her again, Devdhar falls in love. Due to family status difference, he is unable to express his love for her. A chain of events leads to Manorama marry a rich and handsome Thakur; her husband dies the day after the marriage and she becomes a widow. After her elder brother-in-law rapes her, she returns to her parental home. When Devdhar learns of the situation, he works to rebuild Manorama's life and bring a smile to her face. Devdhar is determined to revive her faith in life and love. In doing so, he eventually has to face the wrath of the powerful Thakur, armed with age-old traditions and customs in his favor.
Pagla Kahin Ka	Bollywood	romance	Shakti Samanta	Sujit (Shammi Kapoor) started having mental problems when he was six years old after visiting his dad, Ajit, at a mental asylum. Thereafter, he kept on getting into trouble, and even ran away from the orphanage. Years later, a musician and singer, Shyam (Prem Chopra), finds Sujit singing on the roadside, and decides to hire him as a singer in a nightclub. This is where Sujit meets dancer, Jenny (Helen), and both fall in love with each other. When they announce their plans to get married, the news does not augur well with the nightclub's owner, Max. An argument ensues, Max draws a gun, and Shyam ends up killing Max. Sujit decides to take the blame and is arrested by the police. In order to escape the gallows, he feigns insanity, and is ordered to be admitted to a mental asylum until he recovers. In the asylum, he is placed under the compassionate care of Dr. Shalini (Asha Parekh) and about a year later is discharged. He returns to the nightclub just in time for Jenny's and Shyam's engagement party. Baffled, confused and angered at this betrayal, he really does go insane and ends up being re-admitted in the very same asylum. But this time his chances of recovery are very slim as he has retreated deep into the inner recesses of his mind - from where he may never return. Even though Helen does her usual cabaret dance number in this film, it still contains one of her most dramatic roles, as she plays a rape victim.[1]
Ek Hasina Do Diwane	Bollywood	romance	S.M. Abbas	Amar, the Nainital-based, orthodox and traditional person, obtains a degree in Engineering and re-locates to Bombay for employment. After doing so, he decides to assist his friend, Prakash, woo a wealthy and educated woman, Neeta but ends up falling in love and marrying her himself much to the chagrin of her father. Shortly after the marriage, he takes her to visit his widowed-schoolteacher mother, but she has gone on an outing. They return, and shortly thereafter arguments ensue, which escalate to such an extent that Amar assaults her, compelling her to return to her parents' home. When she insists on a divorce - Amar refuses until and unless she lives with him for 15 days in order to create a false scenario of a happy marriage for his mother.
Afsana Pyar Ka	Bollywood	romance	Shahjahan	Animosity has existed between the families of Raj and Nikita's respective fathers. But their children have grown up without any knowledge of this animosity. They meet in college, and after a few misunderstandings both fall in love with each other. They plan to marry, and accordingly inform their respective families of their plans. Both the families view this alliance with anger, and refuse to bless the young couple. Raj and Nikita have one choice - marry the person their respective families have selected for them, or elope.
143 (and I miss You)	Telugu	romance	Puri Jagannadh	Siddu (Sairam Shankar) is a carefree boy-next-door. Sanjana (Samiksha) is a doting sister of four elder brothers. Siddu is like a family member in Sanjana's household. One fine day, Sanjana elopes with Siddu. And fate separates them. Sanjana goes into the protective hands of naxalites. Siddu lands up in the house of a journalist (Flora Saini). Siddu thinks Sanjana is dead. Sanjana thinks Siddu is no more. The rest of the story is all about how fate unites them again.
Boy Friend	Bollywood	romance	Naresh Saigal	Eight-year-old Madan is separated from his wealthy parents, Thakur Harcharan Singh (Shivraj) and his wife Rajni. Their other son, Sunil (Dharmendra) grows up to become a police inspector and is searching for his lost brother Madan. Madan (Shammi Kapoor) — who now is known by the name Shyam — has managed to survive by becoming a petty thief and has ended up in jail. On his release, he boards a train to Mumbai, where he meets Shantilal, a man he had known earlier in jail. The man, who is old and ill, asks Shyam to find his two daughters, Sangita and Sushma, whom he had abandoned due to poverty and debt years before. When Shyam arrives in Mumbai, he begins searching for the sisters. He soon finds a young woman named Sushma (Nishi Kohli). When she drives off, he follows her in a taxi to a theater owned by Harcharan Singh — who arrives with his wife. Sushma's sister Sangita (Madhubala) is practicing dance for her stage debut in a play called Boy Friend. The problem is that the play does not have a male lead. While they are at the theater, Mrs. Singh's necklace is stolen by someone in the crowd. Inspector Sunil has just arrived with his men, and they start chasing the thief. Shyam sees the thief hide the necklace in a case in the sisters' car. That evening, Shyam sneaks into the sisters' house and retrieves the stolen necklace from the case. He also meets Sangita. When he relays their father's message to them, the sisters invite him to stay with them. Shyam leaves early the next morning to return the stolen necklace to Sunil. But the Singhs' servant Sampat (Dhumal) steals the necklace from him and sells the necklace to a dealer. Shyam, deciding to leave the life of crime and seek a job, sees the ad for a hero opposite Sangita in Boy Friend and goes to audition in front of Harcharan Singh. He is hired and the show opens in Shimla with great success. When he takes Sangita skiing, she breaks her leg - an operation is expensive, and she cannot appear on stage any longer. Harcharan sends his manager to demand that the sisters pay off their debt to him or lose their house. Shyam is furious at this, and quits his job as hero for the theater company. Without a job, the problem is finding the money that Sangita needs desperately, without resorting to his old thieving ways.
Spring Fever	American	romance	Edward Sedgwick	Haines plays a shipping clerk named Jack Kelly. He neglected golf to work for the aging Mr. Waters (George Fawcett). On one day, Mr. Waters fires Pop Kelly (Bert Woodruff). Jack witnesses this and is outraged. He wants revenge and breaks a window with a golf ball. Mr. Waters catches him but, instead of being mad, he is impressed with Jack's golfing skills. He later that day announces to his dad he is invited by The Oakmont Country Club to be a guest of the club for a minimum of two weeks. His role there will be the teacher of Mr. Waters, trying to teach him how to golf. Pop doesn't want to say goodbye, but lets him go. At the club, he meets Allie Monte (Joan Crawford) and immediately falls in love with her. He introduces himself as a member from the shipping business of her family. However, Allie sees through him and walks away. Harold Johnson (Edward Earle) is the club champion and devotes himself to Allie. He tries to get her attention at a game, but she is not charmed with his presence. Over the days, the members – including Allie – become more pleased with Jack as he teaches everyone how to golf. Jack and Allie bond with each other. Johnson feels intimidated by Jack, fearing he could take over the championship title and his girl. Jack kisses Allie, but she storms off. He tries to apologize, but she refuses to talk to him. Therefore he climbs into her room, staying there until she forgives him. The next day, Jack sets a record with the golf tournament. While giving his victory speech, he notices his father, who came there to tell his son how proud he is of him. Jack realizes his club membership is almost over and swears he will marry a rich girl, which would make him allowed to stay at the club. He decides to propose to Allie, but she informs him her father has just lost all of his money. She admits she now has to marry a wealthy man to keep her social position. They are interrupted by Martha Lomsdom (Eileen Percy), who invites them to a party. On their way, Jack sees Allie is flirting with Johnson, so he does the same with the wealthy Martha. At the party, Johnson announces he and Allie are engaged. Jack is devastated, but Martha sees an opportunity in luring him. Her beau confronts her, but she responds she is willing to leave him for Jack. Jack now admits he is not the person to marry for money. When he meets up with Allie to say goodbye, he realizes he can't live without her and tells her he loves her. Allie admits she loves him too, but reminds him she is already engaged to Johnson. They decide to run off and marry. Allie tells her dad Jack is a millionaire shipping man. Jack is afraid to tell her the truth about his income. But when he does, she throws him out. Her family tells her it's a good riddance and she should get an annulment. Allie however refuses, stating he is her husband. In the final scene, Jack becomes rich with winning a golf tournament and is reunited with Allie.
Endrendrum Punnagai	Tamil	romance	I. Ahmed	The movie starts with Gautham (Jiiva) as a kid, being told that women are all bad and are very selfish by his father (Nassar) because his wife had eloped on that day. They then move to Chennai, where Gautham meets Baby (Santhanam) and Sri (Vinay Rai). The trio become inseparable friends. Fifteen years later, it is shown that the trio are running an advertisement agency and Gautham has stopped speaking to his father, the reason being untold. After a heated incident at a friend's bachelor party, the three friends promise to never get married. They get an advertising offer from Sunny (T. M. Karthik) and Sunny sends Priya (Trisha Krishnan) to assist them with the ad. Sonia, (Andrea Jeremiah) an international model is assigned to act for the ad. On the day of shoot Sonia falls in love with Gautham and when the ad is finished, she bites his ear. Gautham, startled and enraged, retaliates by slapping her. Sunny scolds Gautham for his behaviour and tells Gautham that he will never work with him again, but Priya supports Gautham telling Sunny that it was Sonia's fault for behaving unprofessionally. After the shoot Gautham calls up Priya and thanks her for supporting him. While speaking to Gautham, Priya meets with an accident. He rushes her to the hospital where Priya recovers the next day. After a few days, Baby and Sri decide to get married not telling the reason for their sudden change of heart. When Gautham gets to know about it he gets furious and ends their friendship. On the same day of the marriage Gautham's father tells Priya that he had got married second time many years before for the sake of his son and that is the reason for Gautham's anger towards him. He requests Priya to take care of Gautham. Gautham and Priya get another contract with Sunny and Sonia and they leave for Switzerland for the shooting. On the day of shooting Sonia recalls everything Gautham had done and asks him to apologize for his act. He refuses to apologize because he knows it's not his fault and tells Sonia to leave, Priya then takes the role of Sonia and acts for the advertisement. During the shooting Priya and Gautham fall in love. When they come back from Switzerland, Gautham meets his friend in whom bachelor party he promised never to be in a commitment in the airport, because of his ego he introduces Priya as just a stranger whom he met in the flight. Hurt by Gautham's cheap behaviour, she leaves the airport immediately. When Gautham gets back home he goes into his father's room for the first time and notices many paintings of him being happy, a wish his father wanted. Gautham then discovers that his father was ill and rushes him to the hospital, where the doctors say that his father is suffering from pancreatic cancer and cannot be treated. Gautham is heartbroken and starts weeping. Sri comes to meet Gautham and tells him that he knew that his father was suffering from this disease, Baby then comes and tells that his father was the one who compelled them to get married so that Gautham might change his mind and get married too and be happy. As the three friends reconcile, Priya comes to the hospital to meet Gautham's father, where Gautham apologizes and admits to Priya that he has fallen for her. The film ends a happy ending Gautham and Priya getting engaged in front of Gautham's recovering dad at the hospital.
September Affair	American	romance	William Dieterle	Marianne Manina Stuart (Joan Fontaine), a prominent concert pianist, meets David Lawrence (Joseph Cotten), a businessman, on a flight from Rome to New York. Their plane is diverted to Naples for engine repairs, and they decide to kill time by doing some sight-seeing. At lunch, a recording of the Kurt Weill/Maxwell Anderson song September Song, sung by Walter Huston, is playing. Manina is single, and David is unhappily married with a son in his late teens. They talk too long and miss their flight, and decide to stay on for a few days, getting to know each other. They quickly fall in love. Then they hear that the plane they were scheduled to catch has crashed into the ocean, and all on board are presumed dead. Due to a clerical mixup, they were believed to have been among those aboard. A list of the victims is published in a newspaper they pick up. Thinking their absences won't make any difference to the larger world, they decide to stay dead and begin a new life together in Florence. They make no contact with their families or friends, including Lawrence's wife Catherine (Jessica Tandy) and son David Jr (Robert Arthur). Manina had been originally intending to play Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No. 2 in New York, and she keeps up her practice during the secret affair. She also has contact with piano teacher Maria Salvatini (Françoise Rosay), who agrees not to reveal Manina is very much alive, but continues to tutor her. David transfers a large sum of money to Maria Salvatini by issuing a check dated prior to the flight. They use the money as a nest egg for their life in Florence. Catherine and her son travel to Florence after hearing of this transfer to try to find out any more on David's fate from the woman he gave the money to. David Jr recognizes Manina's face from the list of presumed dead and puts two and two together that his father is alive. After this David's wife writes him a note and then leaves. Knowing their secret is out, Manina goes on to perform the Rachmaninoff concerto as originally planned in New York. In the end, Manina realizes she can't stay with David, that they tried to hide from the past but it caught up with them, and after her concert leaves, bidding David goodbye at the airport.
Devathayai Kanden	Tamil	romance	Boopathy Pandian	Babu (Dhanush) is a struggling poor tea-vendor who makes a living out of selling milk tea, carrying the business on his bicycle. He falls in love with a rich college girl named Uma (Sridevi Vijaykumar). Gradually, Uma also reciprocates Babu's feelings for his good nature and things go smoothly for a while. Uma's parents find her a wealthy groom who is well educated. Uma is in a dilemma on whom to choose as her life partner. She thinks of her future if she chooses the impoverished Babu where she visualizes herself giving birth to a child in a government hospital, her husband unable to raise required money for her medical expenses and overall a very difficult life; in contrast to a life where she is pampered by everyone, her every need taken care of almost instantly if she chooses to marry the groom selected by her parents. While Babu is on a religious trip to Sabarimala, the girl decides to marry the groom Bala (Kunal) so that she can continue to lead a comfortable life. Babu is devastated when he learns of this and heartbroken when Uma goes to the extent of shouting at him. Hence it goes to the extent of Babu accusing her parents for changing her mind. In a unique way, Babu files a case against Uma for not holding the promise made to him of sharing a life together for a good 50 years. The case soon gathers momentum and has the public discussing it everywhere. As the case progresses, several sacrifices made by Babu for the sake of Uma come into light through revelations made by people known to him and by his close friends. Uma has a change of heart and on the final day of the hearing, decides to re-unite with Babu. In a final twist, when Uma offers a rose to Babu, he refuses to accept her, saying that the case was filed not to win her back, but to teach a lesson to her and every girl with an attitude identical. He justifies further by saying that yesterday she hated him because of his status but today she loves him and tomorrow she may again find him unattractive. Feeling light at heart, he leaves the court complex much to the surprise of the visibly embarrassed Uma. He also says that as he didn't know English, she has left him. So, he tells a last word to her in his known English, bidding Goodbye.
Padakshep	Bengali	romance	Suman Ghosh	At the end, the only love which lasts is the love that has accepted everything, every disappointment, every failure and every betrayal, which has accepted even the sad fact that in the end there is no desire as deep as the simple desire for companionship. Inspired by this Graham Greene quote, Podokkhep is the story of an unusual bond between a retired man and a 5-year-old girl where he rediscovers life in his twilight years through this friendship.
Paribar	Bengali	romance	Anup Sengupta	The story of the film revolves around a family, the members of which include Sagar, his parents and his siblings. One of Sagar's hands got paralyzed in an accident, in an attempt to save his mother. He and his younger brother Rahul worked in a factory. Rahul was married to Swapna, who started smuggling the factory goods illegally. When the whole matter came to light, Sagar took the blame on himself, despite of knowing the real fact. The only result was Sagar's losing the job. Later, when Sagar went to Rahul for borrowing some money due to his mother's ill health, he was harassed by his brother and an embarrassed Sagar returned empty-handed. Sagar loved Pakhi, but Pakhi's mother opposed their affair. She saw this situation as a golden opportunity to separate the two lovers. She made a deal with Sagar that she would give him the money required for his mother's treatment, but in return, he should forget Pakhi. Meanwhile, Sagar's father stole some money from Rahul without his knowing it, and it only resulted in a series of abuse made by Rahul to Sagar. A this situation, Pakhi and her father stopped a violent clash by saying that Sagar's father had not stolen the money and that, the money was borrowed from them. The film ends as Rahul's father confesses his deeds and all the misunderstandings are mutually solved. The family leads a happy life thereafter.
The Right Kind of Wrong	Canadian	romance	Jeremiah S. Chechik	Leo (Ryan Kwanten), a newly divorced man, falls in love with Colette (Sara Canning) on her wedding day and decides to try to win her heart. Leo is discovered to be a failed writer and recent divorcee. His former wife Julie (Kristen Hager) has written a blog entitled Why You Suck which has gone on to be published and become a top selling book. Leo in turn is a dishwasher working for his friend in his restaurant. Leo also suffers from a crippling fear of heights. Leo continues in the pursuit Colette even in the face of scorn from her husband and his friends.
Hamare Tumhare	Bollywood	romance	Umesh Mehra	Widower Jairaj Verma lives with his four sons in a small apartment. Three of his sons are in their teens, while his youngest son is around 12 years. On the other hand, there is Maya Sinha, a widow, who also lives in a small apartment with three children, two sons and a daughter, Komal, who is about to get married. Then rumors spread abound that Maya and Jairaj are having an affair, and this adversely affects Komal's marriage, leaving her angry and confused. Jairaj and Maya's attempts to pacify their respective children that they are husband and wife, is of no avail, as they are convinced that Maya and Jairaj are having an illicit affair. The only solution to end this dilemma is for Jairaj and Maya to get married, and live together as a family, but will their children and the community accept them as husband and wife?
Ninnishtam Ennishtam 2 (നിന്നിഷ്ടം എന്നിഷ്ടം 2)	Malayalam	romance	Alleppey Ashraf	The film is a sequel to Ninnishtam Ennishtam and the story takes place 25 years from where the first film finished. Sreekuttan (Suresh), who is the nephew of the original Sreekuttan played by Mohanlal in the original comes to Thiruvananthapuram city and accidentally meets the daughter of Chikku (Priya), the lover of old Sreekkuttan, and falls in love. How the identity of the characters get revealed and the ultimate success or failure of the new story forms the rest of the film.
Puli Varudhu	Tamil	romance	G. V. Kumar	Ramesh (Jithan Ramesh) son of Manivannan and Saranya. Manivannan is the leading Ad-Film maker. Karupa(Karunaas) and other friends stay in Ramesh's house as paying guests. Ramesh's parents treat them as their own. Manivannan and Saranya desperately want their son to fall in love and get married. Ramesh prefers arranged marriage. A mutual friend of Ramesh and Karunaas is getting a fixed marriage. Along with Karunaas, Ramesh goes to their friend's village to attend the marriage. On the way there he dreams he meets a beautiful girl, but also that his friend would die in an accident. He wakes up with a shout. Both Ramesh and Karunaas attend their friend's wedding anyway. Ramesh meets Gayathri(Mallika Kappoor) a beautiful girl, and falls in love. She is none other than his dream girl. Karunaas informs the love of Ramesh and Gayathri to Ramesh's parents. Upon returning home, Ramesh's parents accept his love and affection for Gayathri. They plan to meet her along with her parents in order to finalize their engagement and fix the date for marriage. During travel, Ramesh dreams again of his engagement to Gayathri. This time, before the marriage, his father passes away due to a heart attack and Gayathri attempts to commit suicide. Again this time he wakes up from the dream with a shout. Ramesh's parents ask him about the sudden scream. He refuses to tell. Karunaas then asks him about it and Ramesh tells his dream. In the morning they wake up in the village and things go as planned, but some of his dreams become reality. Gayathri speaks to him and they visit some of the places she took him in his dream. After the engagement Ramesh, his friends and his family return home. Ramesh fears that more of his dreams might come true and panics. He begins to avoid everyone and everything, including Gayathri. He even goes to the extent of cancelling the wedding. Does Ramesh overcome his fearsome dreams? Do the lovers marry?
The Blue Danube	British	romance	Herbert Wilcox	In a Hungarian gypsy encampment, carefree Sandor (Joseph Schildkraut) lives with his beautiful sweetheart Yutka (Chili Bouchier). Into their lives rides a blonde countess (Brigitte Helm), with whom Sandor becomes infatuated. Yutka soon flees from her faithless lover. Sandor roams the country, searching for his lost love, but finds her too late — she now wears furs and has her own aristocratic love—and Sandor returns heartbroken to his Romany encampment.
Punyam Aham ( പുണ്യം അഹം )	Malayalam	romance	Raj Nair	Punyam Aham is set in a small village in northern Kerala. The protagonist is Narayan Unni (Prithviraj Sukumaran), a young man with a Brahmin father and low-caste mother, who separated, leaving the mother to raise him alone. The film tells the story of Unni leaving home and searching for his identity, and then repeating many of his father's mistakes in life. It is based on the story in traditional folklore about Naranath Bhranthan and his father Vararuchi.[1]
Heera Panna	Bollywood	romance	Dev Anand	Heera (Dev Anand) has two passions in his life, namely photography and his love for Reema (Raakhee), an air-hostess. When Reema passes away during an airplane accident, Heera is left with his only passion in life - photography. During one of his photographic sessions with Raja Saab (Rehman), a priceless diamond is stolen by Panna (Zeenat Aman) and is hidden in Heera's car. When Heera comes to know about this theft and that he is in possession of the stolen property, he decides to turn Panna to the police but discovers to his shock that Panna is Reema's younger sister.
The Slugger's Wife	American	romance	Hal Ashby	Darryl Palmer is a baseball player for the Atlanta Braves. He enjoys the fame and fringe benefits of bachelor life until he meets rock singer Debby Huston, falls in love and decides to settle down. Debby isn't ready to put her professional hopes on hold. But from the moment Darryl meets her, his own career takes off. He begins a full assault on baseball's single-season home run record of 61 (at that time) and considers Debby a good-luck charm, wanting her to be there at his games. Manager Burly DeVito appreciates that Darryl has found a settling influence in his life, but teammates Moose Granger and Manny Alvarado become increasingly aware of how obsessed Darryl is with Debby and how unhappy she has become. She feels smothered by her husband, who interferes with her career ambitions and goes into a jealous funk whenever she goes on the road. The happy couple breaks up, to the detriment of Darryl's game and his pursuit of one of baseball's greatest feats. He begins to fail on a regular basis and the team's playoff chances could be in jeopardy. Burly and his players concoct a plan to have another woman, hidden by shadows, pretend to be Darryl's wife, telling him everything he wants to hear. It works temporarily, then backfires. Debby comes back to try to work things out. Darryl does indeed hit his record-breaking home run, but it remains uncertain whether the couple's relationship can ever be what it once was.
Agni	Tamil	romance	AJR Harikesava	Tanisha is a young daughter of a man working for the brutal underworld mafia Gulzar and Haydar. When Tanisha's father decides he wants to leave the crime world to make a better life for his daughter, Gulzar and Haydar kills him, and family in order to eliminate a potential threat. Gulzar kills everyone in the family, and when he is about to kill Tanisha, she stabs him and vows to him she will kill them one day before escaping. She grows up to be a stone-cold assassin. She receives training from her uncle and ultimately engages in vigilante murders that she hopes will lead her to her ultimate target, the powerful underworld crime syndicate responsible for her parents' death.
Jeans	Bollywood	romance	S. Shankar	Nachiappan is a rich Indian restaurateur in Los Angeles, United States. His twin sons, Vishwanathan and Ramamoorthy, are senior medical students who help him out in the evenings alongside the restaurant's chief cook, Juno. One evening, Vishwanathan goes to the airport to check on the family's supply concession and sees that some fellow Indians from Tamil Nadu – Madhumitha, her brother Madhesh, and their grandmother Krishnaveny – have difficulty with an address. He pitches in to help and learns that they just flew in from India so that Krishnaveny can undergo a crucial surgery to remove her brain tumour. Later at the hospital, Vishwanathan (who is an intern at the same hospital) visits Krishnaveny's room after the operation, and notices she has been operated on the wrong side of her brain. Vishwanathan appeals aggressively to the doctors and has the error corrected by another surgery and then spearheads an angry fight for compensation. The hospital compensates $2 million to avoid a court case. Viswanathan's drastic measures win the respect and love of Madhumitha and her family. When Krishnaveny realises that Vishwanathan and Madhumitha have fallen in love, she extends the family's stay in the United States and takes a liking to Vishwanathan's good nature. However, Nachiappan objects to the budding romance and wants his sons to marry identical twins because he himself has an identical twin brother, Pechiappan who has slow memory. They both had married for love in their youth, but are now estranged because Pechiappan's wife Sundaramba showed such tyrannical behaviour towards Nachiappan's pregnant wife Meiyaththa, that the latter died delivering the twin boys. Krishnaveny tries to solve the problem by telling Nachiappan that Madhumitha also has an identical twin, Vaishnavi. The story fabricated by Krishnaveny is that Vaishnavi has been brought up in an orthodox Brahmin household. At this point they ring in Madhumitha's alter ego, contrasting Madhumitha with a very demure, typically traditional Indian version. Nachiappan falls for the act and visits India along with his sons to meet Vaishnavi, unaware that Vaishnavi and Madhumitha are the same person. Meanwhile, Pechiappan arrives to a warm welcome by his brother, but later attempts suicide. Nachiappan then rescues him and comes to hear of his sad story and comes up with a plan. Accordingly, Nachiappan and Pechiappan switch places. Nachiappan goes to his brother's wife and impersonates her husband to convince and reunite with her through his sons' (Visu and Ramu) marriage plan talks; he succeeds. Pechiappan impersonates his brother towards his nephews. Vishwanathan then meanwhile, discovers that Vaishnavi is Madhumitha and she was impersonating Vaishnavi. Enraged, he immediately leaves Madhumitha's household along with his family, but Ramamoorthy persuades his father to have Madhumitha and Vishwanathan married. Though not knowing, it was not his father he talked critically about his uncle who was right there impersonating. That made him guilty. He decided to have Vishwanathan married to Madhumitha. When Nachiappan realises that Madhumitha does not have a twin, he goes and stops the wedding. There they figure out that the brothers impersonated each other as well to get along. Nachiappan's brother Pechiappan's wife (Sundaramba) persuades Nachiappan to have them married because Madhumitha did the same thing the brothers did. Eventually, Visu and Madhu get married followed by a grand dinner reception specially given by Madhesh.
Olave Mandhara	Kannada	romance	Jayatheertha	Srikanth (Srikanth), a son of a rich industrialist (Nassar), meets Preeti (Aakanksha Mansukhani), an Assamese girl, in a dance competition in Coimbatore, and falls in love with her. His initial intentions were to only steal a few kisses from her. Bound by guilt, he sets off on foot to Assam to meet her as promised. On his journey, he faces the realities of life as he meets various characters and witnessing incidents such as a farmer couple sharing their lunch with a 'kind' thief (Sadhu Kokila), and a cobbler (Rangayana Raghu), taking his disabled wife (Veena Sundar) on a pilgrimage to Kashi on a bullock-cart. Srikanth is moved on witnessing these. As he reaches Ranigaon, Preeti's residing village in Assam, he finds her married to another man.
Nilavu (നിലാവ്)	Malayalam	romance	Ajith Nair	No man is an island. We live to love and be, loved. Even as the mind weaves its own fantasies and the heart layers it with different emotions, we are journeying on, searching for an anchor in the ebb and flow of time, in the different shades of Nilavu. Hari is the protagonist of Nilavu, caught in the solitude of his own emotional disconnect. It is a journey that has led him away from the lush green, simple environs of his native Kerala to the lonesome, lost world of people brought together in a strange land, living in the shadows of synthetic dreams. Nilavu unfolds as a poignant story of the expatriate migrant workers in the Gulf countries. Lakshmi, the other protagonist, is a nature lover, married to a rich businessperson, living in Bahrain. Lakshmi enjoys all the material luxuries that money can buy, yet feels lonesome and lost in a strange land of glass and concrete, caged in a dysfunctional relationship. The magic of Nilavu is thus woven around the lives of Hari and Lakshmi and the solitude that brings them together, each searching for an emotional anchor. How their relationship evolves and where it leads to forms the core of Nilavu’s journey, exploring human emotions and the different shades of love, perception and belief. Krishnan Haridas as ‘Hari’ and Sunita Sunil Nedungnadi as ‘Lakshmi’ bring to life the emotional complexities of expatriate life in the Gulf countries. Delving deep into the psyche of the Indian community, Nilavu, through a strong supporting cast, captures the dreams, desires and aspirations of the migrant workers and families as well as the cultural ethos of the region.
Lal Ronger Duniya	Bengali	romance	Nilanjan Bhattacharya	Himan (Tathagata), a young boy from a good family accidentally lands up in a rd light area after his spots his sister in that area. One day who refuse to recognize him. He is thrashed by then local goon, but he is saved by Altamasi, a brothel owner who in due course of time brings him up as her own son. Other sex workers try to poison Altamasi’s mind against Himan, but she has immense belief in him. Himan whwo has an excellent academic record gives tuitions to earn some money. He is very fond of Dolly, Altamasi’s younger daughter and wants her to be away from this bad world. He has two friends called Shiuli and Mehuli, twin sisters who are totally opposite to each in character. Mehuli loves Himan, but since he never reciprocates her love; she never forgives him. In due course of time, Himan comes to know that she runs a massage parlour where that massagers double up as sex workers. Himan wants to do something to improve the lives of the sex workers so he becomes a social worker by chance. He is very close to Dallia (Debasree Ray), a former sex worker who runs a high class brothel, but wants to do something for this section of the society. She is made a candidate for the elections, but discovers that she has become part of the vicious circle and that in due course of time she would be eliminated by the very people who are helping her to contest the election. Shiva becomes extremely dangerous and sets a sex worker on fire after gang raping her. Dallia can’t take it any more and decides to finish off Shiva once and for all. She hacks Shiva to death and is sent to jail.
Idiot	Bengali	romance	Rajib Biswas	Samrat falls in love with Anjali. Their love life gets on track. It was smooth sailing until the Anjali's ruthless brother gets into the picture. He does not accept Samrat. So Samrat tricks him and becomes a bigger business magnet and as a result, is accepted by everyone.
Nachavule	Telugu	romance	Ravi Babu	When you wish for something hard it comes true, his mother told Luv Kumar. But what she did not tell him was to be careful what he wished for. Luv kumar not knowing this wished for a lot of girl friends. That’s how the story starts. The film is told as an autobiographical narrative in the voice of Luv Kumar. Luv Kumar is the son of parents who had fallen in love and gotten married despite belonging to two different linguistic backgrounds. In the present day love has faded from their marriage, chiefly because Luv Kumar’s father had taken his wife’s affection for granted with the passage of time. Pining for female company, Luv Kumar scours the length and breadth of Hyderabad for a first girl friend. He believed in a twisted logic that getting the first girlfriend was tough and after that the deluge would follow. As his luck would have it he manages to befriend Anu under strange circumstances. He now tries to show off his new girl friend to whoever noticed. Suddenly girls start finding him attractive, including the ones that had rejected him earlier. He takes full advantage of the situation and goes on a wild spree with numerous girls, conveniently forgetting his first girl Anu who has now hopelessly fallen in love with him. At a party he even lies to friends within Anu’s ear shot that he had slept with her. This breaks Anu’s heart and she decides to leave him and the town for good. Luv Kumar cannot understand her sudden coldness and ignores her. When Luv Kumar’s mother dies and plunges his family into enormous grief his father reflects on the relationship he shared with his wife and feels terrible that he had taken the love of his wife for granted all those years she was alive. He tells his son that we always realize the true value of people once they have left us. This strikes a chord in Luv Kumar who realizes how he had taken Anu’s love for granted and hurt her. He leaves to find Anu and woo her back.
Daggaraga Dooranga	Telugu	romance	Ravi Chavali	Gowtham (Sumanth) is an ad filmmaker and creates an imaginary model for one of his ad films. That model happens to be Meenakshi (Vedhika), whose engagement is canceled due to Gowtham’s sleazy ads. Meenakshi comes to Hyderabad from Vizag to take action on that ad agency. She contacts her close friend Zareen (Sindhu Tolani), who is an investigative journalist to take action against them. Zareen is on a dangerous mission at that time as she wants to expose the facts about a dreadful terrorist attack. Zareen hands over a DVD which contains all the details about the terrorist attack to Meenakshi before she is found out and killed. Now terrorists are after Meenakshi for that DVD and she is accompanied by Gowtham, who comes to rescue her. Meenakshi and Gowtham have to run away from the terrorists and also stop the planned terror attack. How do they succeed in doing so forms the rest of the story.
Deepavali	Tamil	romance	Ezhil	Billu (Jayam Ravi) is the son of Mudaliar (Vijayakumar). Mudaliar is much loved and respected by people of his locality and Billu is almost like a foster son to every person in the locality. Billu takes an instant liking for Susi (Bhavana) the moment he sets his eyes on her at the railway station. Susi, who has arrived from Bangalore to Chennai, is all set to stay at Settu’s (Cochin Haneefa) place and Settu, who has worked for Susi’s father Chidambaram (Lal), a dreaded thug, earlier, has changed ways but retains his respect towards him nevertheless. Susi, who has been craving for love and concern since young, gets impressed with the bonding that the Royapuram residents share. When a Godman predicts that Susi is the one for Billu, she is taken aback. She dreads her father to a great extent and fears that things will go topsy-turvy if their relationship blossoms into love. But soon, she realizes that she cannot camouflage her feelings towards Billu and enjoys being in the company of Billu and his friend, when the unexpected occurs. Susi acts peculiar when a long lost friend meets her at a restaurant. She denies knowing her despite her friend Revathi’s attempts to talk to her. Feeling insulted, Revathi walks away, much to the dismay and confusion of Billu and his friends. Susi, who gets emotionally high-strung, leaves the restaurant in a jiffy too. Susi, at this juncture, comes out with the truth to Billu. Affected with a condition called ‘post traumatic event disorder’ after an accident, Susi has forgotten events that happened in a span of three years. Billu, who takes her to the doctor (Raghuvaran), learns that this condition can be cured, but when she does get cured, Susi will not be in a position to remember whatever happened and whoever she met at Chennai-Billu included. This disheartens Susi to a major extent and she persuades Billu to promise her that he would never leave her, even if she were to forget him due to her condition. Billu promises her that he would never leave her, come whatever may. Billu’s conversation with Chidambaram infuriates the latter and he immediately arrives in Chennai with his goons. When he is all set to leave for Bangalore with his daughter, the residents rise to the occasion and flock against Chidambaram. Deciding to play it safe, Chidambaram agrees to the engagement between Billu and Susi and cunningly, thrashes Billu after making him arrive at a place far from his locality, at the outskirts. The helpless Susi travels along with her father, escorted by his men, to Bangalore. When Billu meets Susi at her residence, he gets nothing less than shocked as she has been cured and she fails to recognize him. But Billu, who had given a word to his beloved that he would never leave her, is not the one to relent. How he tries relentlessly to convince her and what happens with Susi forms the rest of the story.
Love Story	Bollywood	romance	Rajendra Kumar	Vijay Mehra (Rajendra Kumar) is a wealthy builder, and loves Suman (Vidya Sinha), who also loves Vijay. Ram Dogra (Danny Denzongpa) is a civil engineer who loves Suman. Ram and Suman were friends in college. But Vijay leaves Suman because he feels jealousy of Ram and Suman's friendship and marries another girl, and Suman gets married to Ram, but Vijay's wife dies after giving birth to a baby boy, Bunty, while Suman and Ram welcome a baby girl, Pinky. Years later, Bunty (Kumar Gaurav) and Pinky (Vijeta Pandit) meet as strangers, Vijay wants Bunty to become a builder with him, but Bunty wants to become a pilot, due to this reason, Bunty leaves home, and Pinky also leaves the home because his father wants her to get married. Bunty and Pinky meet again, but Hawaldar Sher Singh (Amjad Khan), who is assigned the job of finding the missing boy and girl, handcuffs them together, after some of good and bad circumstances, both fall in love with each other, they go somewhere unknown place and build a small cottage and live happily. But, not ever after. Ram enters the scene and forcibly takes away Pinky. Now, Vijay is ready to accept his son's love, but Ram plans to get his daughter married against her wishes. Bunty and Pinky run away from home again, but a gang of robbers follow them, suddenly, Vijay and Ram come to save their children and Bunty saves Ram's life. Ram changes his mind, and at the end Bunty and Pinky get married.
Tui Jodi Amar Hoiti Re	Bangladeshi	romance	Uttam Akash	Shakib Khan is a young landlord in an area. One day he saw Moushumi and fell love with her. But Moushumi loves a simple village man named Ferdous. Shakib Khan really desires Moshuimi. Moushumi tried to understand that he is junior to her and she loves another. But Shakib Khan is determined to get her. For this Shakib Khan picks up Ferdous and destroys his eyes. He then takes Mouishumi to him palace. Moushumi acted love with the landlord Shakib Khan. After time, he understood that it is impossible to own one’s heart by force. The story ends when Shakib Khan gives his eyes to Ferdous and shoots himself. After getting his sight back, Ferdous asks who gave him the eyes and want to see him. The doctor brings him to the dead body of Shakib Khan.[1]
Babe, I Love You	Filipino	romance	Mae Cruz	In the academe, Nicolas “Nico” Veneracion Borromeo is a highly esteemed History of Architecture professor who is on his way to becoming the next Vice Dean of the Department. He knows that achieving this would finally make his mother proud of him and forgive him for indirectly causing his father’s death. And yet, when he meets an unconventional girl named Sandra “Sasa” Sanchez, his world turns upside down. He never thought that he could fall in love with someone who works as a promo-girl and is obviously unacceptable in his life.
Things You Can Tell Just by Looking at Her	American	romance	Rodrigo García	Things You Can Tell Just by Looking at Her consists of five stories or vignettes, tied together loosely to envision the complexity of incomplete communications about life, family, and love. We glimpse the lives of five women, each facing problems such as loneliness, dissatisfaction, longing, and or desire. Rodrigo García, in his first time directing, assembled this film with a loaded cast of actresses who can tell you everything you need to know just by their body language and facial expressions. Their individual stories show us what things you can tell just by looking at her. In the film's prologue, Kathy (Amy Brenneman)—a police detective—and her partner are investigating the apparent suicide of an unknown woman. Dr. Keener (Glenn Close), a middle-aged doctor, attempts to care for her aging mother while coping with her own loneliness. She avoids intimacy, but also longs for it; we see both frustration and anticipation as she waits for phone calls from male colleagues. Dr. Keener decides to seek comfort or escape in Christine (Calista Flockhart) who reads tarot cards. Christine’s partner Lilly (Valeria Golino) is critically ill with an unnamed disease, possibly cancer. Rebecca (Holly Hunter) is a successful bank manager who's not big on regrets. After a three-year involvement with Robert (Gregory Hines)—who keeps her secret from his wife—she becomes pregnant. Before Rebecca visits Dr. Keener to get an abortion, she has a fling with Walter, (Matt Craven), a subordinate. Rose (Kathy Baker) is a single mother who is writing children’s books. She develops a sweet crush on a new dwarf neighbor (Danny Woodburn), who catches Rose spying on him. Rose later experiences the shock of learning about her son's extensive sexual activity. Kathy's sister, Carol Faber (Cameron Diaz), is a lovely blind woman who has an active social life. Kathy is attracted to the medical examiner in the suicide case, and her story ends with him taking her out on a date. In an epilogue, Dr. Keener drops in to a bar, where she meets the male character, Walter, from previous stories (possibly the younger male alluded to in Christine's tarot card reading). Carmen, a woman who appears in five scenes in the five different stories, the first is walking past Dr. Keener's house, another is walking beside Rebecca, a third time is in the grocery store while Rose is shopping, the fourth time is walking past Christine's apartment building at night as Christine looks down from her balcony, and the final time is the post mortem examination by detective Kathy alongside Dr Sam (Miguel Sandoval). Carol's imaginative story towards the end of the film helps explain the instances throughout the movie where she appears. According to Carol, she was back in town to reconnect with her ex, whom she had been talking to for months until her move back to Los Angeles. In each scene, she is, as Carol deduces, preparing for the big date with her ex. In the first scene she is in, she is probably looking for a place to rent; the second, she is seen carrying her ill-fated red dress; the third she is shopping for toiletries; the fourth she is seen walking back to her place, in which she looks visibly heartbroken, and final scene, in the coroners lab, echoes the beginning of the film, where she is found dead. Carol's story ends with what Kathy already concluded, she committed suicide over a love she, as Carol claims, could not revive, like the baby she had lost many years before.
Ami Je Ke Tomar	Bengali	romance	Prabir Nandi	Aditya (Ankush Hazra)portrays a young millionaire with a heart of gold. He successfully runs a business of resorts. His life is anchored by his best friend and business associate, Prachi (Sayantika Banerjee). Life is all about fun and work and girls for him until one day when his car bumps into Esha's cycle. Aditya is instantly enamored by the pretty and innocent girl who seems to have no interest in the flirty, rich bachelor. He gives in to his ego by giving Esha (Nusrat Jahan) a job in his resort even though she can't work in the second shift. As times goes by, Aditya starts sharing his deepest thoughts with Esha. She sees the simple, lovable man behind the successful persona who loves the food made by his aunt. Unwittingly, she loses her heart to this flirty man who confesses to be commitment phobic. These three characters become the best of buddies. Prachi sees the growing chemistry between these two and she keeps her love for Aditya hidden inside her. Turbulence occurs when Esha's past crops in and misleads their lives in different direction. And her past which involves Akash, her semi-dead husband. He used to love her unconditionally, which Aditya believes cannot love her exactly like him. When Aditya and Esha's relationship is hidden, Esha did not want Aditya to meet Akash at any cost. But doubt in his mind leads him to the hospital where Akash took his last breath. After a prolonged silent treatment by Esha, Aditya runs to her home. Not finding her there, he meets her in the temple and forces her to speak up. And Esha leaves with anger blaming him for Akash's death. Hopeless in love, Esha prepares for the dead ceremony. Surprisingly, her mother-in-law invites Aditya, thanking him for the peaceful dead of Akash and tells them to get married since Aditya is the only one who can love Esha unconditionally. After successfully getting married, they have a car accident.And from that incident, she suffers from a brain disease which makes her think Akash is still alive, where Aditya thinks he won to get married to the love of his life yet lost her.[3]
Vicky Cristina Barcelona	American	romance	Woody Allen	Vicky (Rebecca Hall) and Cristina (Scarlett Johansson) visit Barcelona for the summer, staying with Vicky's distant relative Judy (Patricia Clarkson) and her husband Mark (Kevin Dunn). While the two are great friends, Vicky is practical and traditional in her approach to love and commitment and is engaged to the reliable Doug (Chris Messina), whereas Cristina imagines herself to be a nonconformist, spontaneous but unsure of what she wants from life or love. At an art exhibition, Cristina is intrigued by artist Juan Antonio (Javier Bardem), who Judy says has suffered a violent relationship with his ex-wife. Later, he brazenly approaches the two women to invite them to join him right away for the weekend in the city of Oviedo, in a small plane he flies himself, for sight-seeing, fine eating and drinking, and hopefully, lovemaking. Cristina is won over by the offer almost at once, but Vicky is unimpressed and reluctant; she, however, eventually decides to accompany her friend anyway, mainly to watch over her. At the end of their first day, Vicky refuses to join Juan Antonio in his hotel room, citing her fidelity to Doug, but Cristina accepts his invitation immediately. Before the lovemaking starts, Cristina suddenly falls ill with digestive complaints, and is put to bed, with food poisoning. Vicky and Juan Antonio proceed to spend the weekend together alone while they wait for Cristina to recuperate. Vicky gradually changes her opinion of Juan Antonio as he tells her about his tumultuous relationship with his former wife, María Elena (Penélope Cruz). Vicky accompanies him to visit his father, an old poet, and then becomes deeply moved by a Spanish guitar performance later that evening. She finally succumbs to Juan Antonio's advances as they walk through a grove of trees in the dark. The next day, with Cristina recovered, the three of them fly back to Barcelona. Feeling guilty, Vicky does not mention the incident to Cristina, and the two begin to grow apart. Vicky starts throwing herself into her studies while Cristina and Juan Antonio take up a relationship. Cristina then moves in with Juan Antonio and begins to discover more about his past. After learning that María Elena attempted to kill herself, Juan Antonio brings her to his home, where Cristina already lives. After some defiance, the two women grow fond of each other. Cristina realizes that the ex-spouses are still in love, and María Elena suggests that Cristina may be the element that can give balance and stability to their relationship. All three become romantically involved with one another. In the meantime, Vicky is joined in Spain by an enthusiastic Doug and the two get married. When Cristina describes her new life with Juan Antonio to Vicky, Vicky becomes secretly jealous, and after a few other awkward moments, she realizes she is unsatisfied in her married life and is still attracted to Juan Antonio. Learning that Judy is similarly unhappy in her marriage, she confides to her, and Judy, who sees her younger self in Vicky, decides to bring Juan Antonio and Vicky together. Meanwhile, Cristina becomes restless and at some point decides to leave Juan Antonio and María Elena; without her, their relationship quickly falls apart again. As the summer winds to a close, Judy arranges for Juan Antonio and Vicky to meet at a party. Juan Antonio begs Vicky to meet him again privately before leaving Spain, which she finally accepts, lying to Doug in the process. At his home, Juan Antonio seduces and wins Vicky over again, but they are interrupted by María Elena who bursts in with a gun, firing wildly as Juan Antonio tries to calm her. Vicky gets shot in the hand in the process, and leaves, shouting they are insane and she could never live like this. She confesses the entire story to Cristina, who never realized how Vicky felt about Juan Antonio, and wishes she could have helped her. Doug, Vicky and Cristina return to the United States; Doug never learns what truly happened, Vicky goes back to her married life, and Cristina is back where she started, still unsure of what she wants from life or love.
Sakhiya	Telugu	romance	Jayanth C. Paranjee	Hari (Tarun) is a happy-go-lucky youngster. His family is in big financial trouble as they need around Rs. 10 lakhs. Hari happens to save a factionist Durga Devi (Lakshmi) from her rival gang. Durga Devi gives him some money as a token of gratitude. She offers to give the entire amount he needs if he successfully brings back her daughter Chandana (Nauheed) from Swiss. Chandana prefers to stay in Swiss than her faction-ridden homeland. Hari travels to Swiss, falls in love with Chandana and also makes sure that Chandana also falls in love with him. They travel back to India. Once he hands over Chandana to Durga Devi, Hari realizes that Durga Devi cheated him. Durga Devi wants to take revenge on her faction rival and also Chandana's father (Raj Kumar) by getting her son married to Chandana. The rest of the story is about how Hari saves Chandana from the clutches of Durga Devi and teaches Durga a lesson.
Roop Ki Rani Choron Ka Raja	Bollywood	romance	Harnam Singh Rawail	Pilgrimage to Shiv-sagar is a pious dream for almost the entire country. People from all over India make this pilgrimage. On one such voyage, a steamer was carrying diverse people, people from all walks of life...with various motives and desires, as if they were a cross- section of our whole people. A writer was making the trip to gather materials for his novel. A Sadhuji Maharaj was escorting widows of his ashram to the Holy Confluence. A rich businessman was traveling with his wife and young son. The son had recovered from a mortal disease, and the parents had gratefully promised to offer the Lord of Shiv - sagar their most precious belonging they were carrying with them a very valuable diamond for this offering. There was a dancing girl Roopa, an accomplished beautiful dancer whom her foster mother was taking to the Shiv-sagar to perform her inaugural dance, before entering the career of a dancing girl. When young, she had an attack of polio and her foster mother had vowed that if the girl recovered completely and learned dancing, her inaugural dance would be performed before Lord Shiva of Shiv-sagar. Surrounded by his yes-men a pleasure seeking Zamindar was carrying a cask of wine to throw it in the sea at Shiv-sagar. His wife had died tormented by his infatuation for liquor and by her dead body he had promised an atonement...his decision to throw the chief culprit, the cask of wine, into the sea. To complete the picture of diversity, there were two robbers following the merchant for the diamond. One was the lame informer, who according to their arrangement used to gather information and pass it on to Chhagan, a reckless, faithless, master of his trade. They used to share the booty. But on this particular, mission Chhagan refused, saying that whoever grabs the diamond shall have it...thus they turn into rivals. Faith and superstition, love and hate. jealousy and cowardice, compassion and godliness traveled on board the steamer...affecting, reforming and transforming each other with each splash of wave on the drama of this pilgrimage.
100% Love	Bengali	romance	Rabi Kinagi	Rahul (Jeet) is from a middle-class family. He makes several bids to obtain employment, but all were in vain due to his poor language skills and inadequate educational qualifications. As his friends start to all settle down in life, he continues to struggle to secure employment. Rahul has two good friends, Abhi (Sujoy) and Kartik (Biswanath Basu). His father (Supriyo Dutta), who is a teacher, always chides him for being an irresponsible person. This just adds to his woes. At this juncture, Rahul catches a glimpse of Anuradha (Koel Mallick) and it is love at first sight for him. He learns that she works for a software solutions firm. Luckily for him, Rahul finally secures employment in the same firm. He soon realises that Anu is a short-tempered young woman. Once, Rahul accompanies her, along with two other colleagues to Australia, where he reveals his feelings for her. She refuses him saying that she comes from an orthodox family and her marriage is set for next month. A depressed Rahul returns to India. Unable to bear seeing his son so despondent, his father meets Anu. She abuses him for recommending his son's love and accidentally slaps both Rahul and his father. That night, Rahul's father dies of a heart attack and after cremation of his father,Rahul gets shattered and blames himself for his father's death, thinking that the death caused due to sharing his feelings to Anu . In order to help lighten Rahul's mood, Abhi takes him to his village to his marriage. Anu happens to be the girl Abhi is to marry, so Rahul learns that his colleague is marrying his friend.Though Rahul and Anu pretended to be unknown to each other for the slapping incident and therefore,Rahul starts avoiding Anu. A few years ago, their grandfather's (Biswajit Chakraborty) thought of getting them married early,but was put aside because Abhi and Anu left the house to seek their own identities. This had aggravated the grandfather. After a couple of years, the parents of Anu and Abhi decide to have them marry to appease their grandfather. Rahul feels at home with Abhi's loving family and feels happy. But suddenly Soniya, Abhi's little sister, falls in love with Rahul. Anu gets jealous and realises that she does indeed love Rahul. When Rahul saves the family from a bunch of goons, Abhi and Anu's grandfather accepts him into the family. Anu asks Rahul to forgive her as she feels guilty about slapping Rahul's father. Eventually, Rahul does, and they start talking. The day before the wedding, Anu runs to Rahul. Rahul asks her to forget him because he believes that it would create problems in their happy family;Anu hugs Rahul. Abhi's grandfather notices them conversing and admonishes Anuradha for bringing disrepute to their family and asks Rahul to leave his house,as he accused him of having affair. Rahul gets ready to leave and at that moment, he sees everyone putting down the decorations for the wedding. Rahul tries to stop them from putting down the decoration, but Abhi, who also accuses Rahul of having affair with and steal his to-be wife Anu, breaks friendship with Rahul and tells him to go away. Rahul also requests Abhi to marry Anu and keep her happy. While Rahul is walking on his way to the train station, the bunch of goons he saved the family from, sticks a knife in him and he is taken to hospital. Kartik tells everyone at Abhi and Anu's wedding that Rahul is hospitalized after attacked by the goons. He also sarcastically tells that he forgot that Abhi doesn't like Rahul and learns that they are no more friends. Everyone,including Abhi, slowly leaves to go to the hospital, except Anu and her grandfather. Anu says that she will never disobey her grandfather and afterwards, they both went to hospital. In the hospital,Rahul wakes up to go in the station. When he is ready to go,he sees that everyone is outside his room. Finally everyone realises that Anu and Rahul are made for each other,so they get married at last.
Lagna Pahave Karun	Marathi	romance	Ajay Naik	Nishant Barve (Umesh Kamat) is an Indian software designer who works and stays in America. During his return to India he loses his job in the US. He decides to meet and inform his fiancée, Madhura Godbole (Priyanka Barve). When Nishant is going to meet his fiancée he accidentally meets Aditi Tilak (Mukta Barve), a girl who plans to have her own matrimonial agency. Coming to know that his fiancée is more interested in American lifestyle than him Nishant breaks up with her. Once again Nishant accidentally meets Aditi and she shares her dream to have her own matrimonial agency with him. Nishant applies for another job in the United States but is more interested in Aditi's proposal of a matrimonial agency, so he decides not to go to the interview. Praful Patel (Shrikar Pitre) and his girlfriend decide to assist Aditi in her proposal. Nishant and Aditi, along with their associatives, plan innovative ideas on getting people married. They decide not to check the horoscopes of the couple. Thus they start their matrimonial agency, Shubhvivaah. Rahul Kulkarni (Siddharth Chandekar) and Aanandi (Tejashree Pradhan) meet each other through Shubhvivaah and decide to get married. Soon people are attracted by this new way of getting married. On the wedding day of Rahul and Aanandi Nalini Dixit (Swati Chitnis), a renowned astrologer and owner of a successful marriage bureau in Pune declares that their horoscopes don't match and the marriage won't last for more than six months. However, Nishant and Aditi are not affected by this and meanwhile fall in love with each other. Nishant proposes to Aditi and tells her that he rejected his job and a luxurious life in the USA just for her incomplete proposal of matrimonial agency as he loves her. Aditi tells Nishant that no one has ever loved her as he does but she has not thought over it. On the other hand, Rahul and Aanandi start facing problems in their married life because of Aanandi's rigid nature. Aditi and Nishant keep suggesting to Rahul ways to keep Aanandi happy, but in vain. One day, Rahul and Aanandi have a bad fight, after which Rahul meets with an accident. Aditi, out of guilt for failure of Aanandi and Rahul's marriage, stops her marriage institution. An enraged Nishant tells Aditi that she is wrong on her decision and shows his disappointment and disagreement on her decision and decides to leave for America. Meanwhile, Aanandi realises her mistake and reconciles with Rahul. Nishant comes to know about Aditi's past. Aditi had lost her parents and twice her prospective grooms died. People blamed Aditi's destiny for this and no one dared to marry her or keep any kind of relation with her. Nishant then understands why Aditi is always scared and insecure and how she did not respond to his marriage proposal, as she loves him and does not want him to get harmed due to her. Nishant meets Aditi and tells her that its high time she needs to move on and get married, if not with him then with someone else, and settle down. The film ends with Nishant and Aditi sharing a hug (indicating that Aditi has accepted Nishant's marriage proposal) and going somewhere hand in hand.
Andaaz	Bollywood	romance	Suneel Darshan	Young Raj Malhotra (Akshay Kumar) lives with his elder brother, Rohit, his sister-in-law, Kiran, and his niece. After an accident fractures his leg, he is unable to walk for some time. Due to psychological reasons, he cannot walk even after the fracture heals. When the Malhotras move to Dehra Dun, Raj befriends their neighbour, young tomboy Kajal (Lara Dutta), as both share a common passion for aeroplanes. Kajal encourages Raj to walk, and he succeeds. Years later the two continue to be fast friends, and everyone expects them to marry soon. Raj secretly loves Kajal and is waiting for the right time to propose to her. However, Kajal sees him only as her best friend. Raj is recruited by the Indian Air Force and goes for training for a year and a half. After his training is over, he rushes to Kajal to propose to her, only to find out that she is in love with multimillionaire businessman, Karan Singhania (Aman Verma). Raj tells Kajal that Karan is the best life partner for her, and does not reveal his true feelings. Kajal and Karan get married and during the reception party, Kajal comes to know of Raj's feelings for her. Hurt by the fact that she did not see his feelings for her despite being Raj's best friend, Kajal asks him to move on with his life. Thereafter the Malhotras move to Nainital, and Raj relocates to Cape Town, South Africa for training. During a visit to a club, Raj meets the vivacious and fun-loving Jiya (Priyanka Chopra). Jiya falls in love with Raj due to his clean personality, but Raj is unable to forget Kajal. After completing his training, Raj goes back to India where he finds that Jiya has already arrived and is living as a paying guest with his family. Jiya makes several attempts to impress Raj, however he still doesn't fall for her. During Karva Chauth, Jiya performs the rituals that a wife typically does for a husband but Raj becomes angry and asks Jiya to leave. Raj's family reveals that they had hoped Raj would marry Jiya. Finally, Raj gives in and decides to marry Jiya and move on with his life. While visiting Jiya's family, Raj learns that Kajal is Jiya's sister-in-law. It is revealed that Kajal is now a widow after Karan's death in a plane crash, in which Kajal survived. Kajal blames herself for Karan's death and even attempts suicide. Raj helps Kajal recover from her depression and enables her to face life again. Jiya notices their increasing closeness and suggests to her father that Kajal be married off. At Raj and Jiya's engagement, Kajal comes to know that her family has arranged her for engagement as well. Raj asks Kajal not to allow herself to be married off against her will. Angrily, Jiya states that Raj and Kajal will never be able to forget their past love for each other, regardless of the fact that Raj is supposed to be marrying Jiya. An irate Raj places the wedding sindoor on Kajal's head, indicating he has now married Kajal and no one has the right to question their relationship. Emotionally, Jiya reveals that she wanted Raj and Kajal to accept their feelings for each other in front of the world. The film ends with Jiya participating in Raj and Kajal's wedding ceremony.
The Mirror Has Two Faces	American	romance	Barbra Streisand	Rose Morgan (Streisand), a shy, plain, middle-aged English literature professor at Columbia University, shares a home with her vain, overbearing mother, Hannah (Bacall). When her attractive sister, Claire (Rogers), starts making preparations for her third wedding to Alex (Brosnan), who used to date her, she begins to feel her loveless life is empty. Gregory Larkin (Bridges), a Columbia Mathematics teacher, feels sex complicates matters between men and women, since he seems to lose all his rational perspective as soon as he is aroused. After his last girlfriend dumps him after a last one night stand before she gets married, he decides to look for a relationship based on the intellectual rather than the physical, based on a suggestion by a sex-phone service, and places an ad in a newspaper. Claire reads the ad and answers on behalf of Rose. Gregory is intrigued when Claire tells him that Rose teaches English literature at Columbia, so he creeps in to her lecture about chaste love in literature, missing entirely the point she was making. After a series of mishaps, they begin dating and he is impressed by her wit and knowledge and seems to be fascinated by her quirks and mannerisms, which usually drive people crazy. She is also fascinated by the dashing math professor and even helps him improve his teaching techniques. He proposes marriage, on condition that it will be largely platonic, with occasional sex only if she needs it. The prospect of spending the rest of her life as a lonely spinster living with Hannah seems far worse than a marriage on those conditions, so she accepts. Rose's attraction to Gregory grows, and one night she attempts to seduce him, much to his annoyance. He had hoped that by then she had given up on the idea of sex, though he admits he initially raised its possibility. He abruptly breaks off their attempt at physical intimacy when he finds himself becoming truly aroused and fears that it will change the safe comfortable feelings he has towards her. When Gregory departs on a lengthy lecture tour, Rose embarks on a crash course in self-improvement: she diets, exercises, changes her hairstyle, learns to use makeup, and outfits herself in an updated wardrobe. When Gregory returns, he finds a very different woman waiting for him and is too startled to express his feelings. She admits that she made a mistake in accepting their passionless marriage, and leaves him. All the while, she realizes that everyone, including herself, is now behaving differently towards her altered self, though not always to her liking. Gregory and Rose realize their mutual love has been hindered, not by her appearance, but by his unusual theories on marriage and sex, and finally recognize their deep affection.
Mr. Funtoosh	Bengali	romance	Raj Mukherjee	Palash(Prasenjit), an engineer who returns to his bustee home and slum-mates, who lose no time in jumping and jiving with baltis and jharu to welcome their guru back. Schoolteacher Rachana Banerjee bursts on the scene as the right match for Palash. But just when the lovey-dovey couple begins cavorting around trees, the bad guys surface. A vile landshark (Hara Pattanaik) tricks Palash into a real-estate project, only to gun him down soon after.For those who love Prosenjit as a deadly combo of action hero and comic man, enter Mr Fantoosh in Jackie Chan mode, spinning karate chops and one-liners that go: “Aami maari ekdin, byatha thakey teensho poyshotti din!” Ha-ha and dhishum-dhishum go hand in hand for Mr Fantoosh of the spiky hair and body-hugging ganjees.Newcomers Malabika (as Prosenjit’s sister) and Angshuman (as the villain’s son)
Leelai	Tamil	romance	Andrew Louis	The film begins with a trio of friends in college (Malar, Mona, Gayathri). Mona falls in love with Karthik (Shiv Pandit) despite the advice of Malar (Manasi Parekh Gohil) who suspects Karthik to be a complete flirt. One day, while on a date, Mona mentions to Karthik, Malar's views about him and this gets Karthik to start disliking Malar for interfering in his love life. When Karthik calls Mona, Malar picks the call up accidentally and they get into an argument with Karthik venting out his anger towards her interfering in his love life. Shortly later, he breaks up with Mona. Gayathri believing Mona was a wrong choice in Karthik's life begins to date Karthik, while Malar is firmly against it. The relationship ends the same way as his relationship with Mona. A year or two later both Karthik and Malar work at the same software company on different floors in the same building. One day, while trying to call his friend on Malar's floor, he accidentally calls Malar and the two realize their identities and presence in the building and the age-old feud resumes. Over lunch, both Malar's friend (Vicky) and his own friend (Suja) advise him to sort it with Malar. Vicky questions why Karthik would fight with such a beautiful woman as Malar. Karthik not knowing what Malar looks like decides to take a look at her. When he sees Malar he falls in love at first sight, he then tries to reconcile with Malar, but Malar is not willing to forgive a flirt like Karthik. Karthik becomes desperate and begins to follow Malar and in a chance meeting orchestrated by Karthik he introduces himself as a sweet and kind person by the name of 'Sundar'. Malar who has never met Karthik face to face, believes his false identity and begins to open up to Sundar. They start to get to know each other and meet often, when one day Suja who works with Malar finds out about his game. Suja gives Karthik the ultimatum to reveal his true identity, once Malar declares her love for Sundar. Karthik tries to salvage his relationship with hilarious consequences. But, all said and done, how Karthik reveals to Malar about his true identity and her acceptance or rejection forms the crux of the story. Vicky (Santhanam) provides comic relief to the story.
Tomar Jonyo	Bengali	romance	Nilanjan Banerjee	The story is all about Joseph, an orphan(Rishi), who is brought up by a Father (Soumitra Chatterjee) of a church. Joseph is the driver of a famous Tollywood actress Reshmi Ghosh (Locket Chatterjee) and also sings at a pub. Joseph falls in love with a blind girl Ankhi (Shreya) but hides his original identity from her and her mother (Alokananda). For them he is Aditya, a rich businessman. One day from Ankhi’s mother Joseph comes to know that Ankhi’s eyes can be cured but it will cost 5lakhs rupees. He takes the money from a goon and helps his gang to kidnap Reshmi, the actress. Joseph’s childhood friend Kancha (Kanchan Mullick) tries to stop him from doing this crime, but fails to stop him. But honest Joseph doesn’t become a criminal, when Ankhi enters the O.T. he surrenders to police, and gets imprisoned for 4 years. When after 4 years he comes out of the jail he finds the Father is no more. He searches for Ankhi and finds that she has become very rich. He decides not to reveal his identity to Ankhi and stay away from her. Joseph gets a job of a singer at a bar with Kancha’s help. There Rahul Roy (Subrat Dutta) notices him and gives him the job of his driver. Suddenly Joseph comes to know that presently Ankhi is Rahul’s love interest. On the day of their engagement Rahul forces Joseph to sing a song. By listening to the song Ankhi realizes that Joseph is Aditya and she leaves the party with tears. Rahul understands the situation. In this mean time Reshmi arrives at the party for being the schoolmate of Rahul. There she identifies Joseph and tells everyone that he is a criminal. But Rahul understands the love and feelings of Joseph and allows Ankhi and Joseph to get engaged and thus the movie ends happily.
Onnorokom Bhalobasha	Bangladeshi	romance	Shaheen Sumon	Shuvo is a jobless post-graduate young guy. He became frustrated for being jobless and decided to go abroad to change his life because he has seen some of his friends went abroad and changed their life. He applies for visa to 3-4 countries and got refused but he was too much passionate to change his life. After he is being refused several times to get a visa, he starts searching a short-cut way and planned to marry someone who has foreign citizenship so that he can easily go abroad with her. Shuvo targets a girl who just has American Visa and planned to use her as the key of his luck. He starts collecting information about that girl whose name is Nijhum. He managed to know the likings and dislikings of Nijhum with the help of his Uncle. Nijhum is a very ultra modern girl from a huge rich family. She likes modern playboy type smart guy who has habit of smoking and drinking and who loves clubbing and party. Shuvo manages a picture of a girl from his friend’s studio, shows that picture to Nijhum and explains the girl as his ex-girlfriend. He represents the girl in picture as a betrayer which helped him to gain sympathy from her. Nijhum has fallen in love with him and decided to tell Shuvo about her feelings. One day while they were sitting in a park and Nijhum was planning to say everything to Shuvo and they suddenly see girl of the picture over there. This incident change the story remarkably. Shuvo finds a file of that girl and get her name is Misty who is also searching for job. Shuvo returned the file to her and kept helping her silently in many ways. It made Shuvo and Misty closer to each other and they found themselves in a relationship. It creates a distance between Shuvo and Nijhum which made Nijhum upset and disconcert. Ajgor, brother of Nijhum notices her sister and searched for the reason of her sister’s trouble. Ajgor takes different types of unethical attempts to bring Shuvo back in her sister’s life. Ajgor tries to use money and power to snatch the love of Shuvo for his sister Nijhum. After all these incidents; this movie proves how the real love wins.
The Man from Toronto	British	romance	Sinclair Hill	Lawyer Bunston (Frederick Kerr) presides over an eccentric will stipulating that the Canadian Fergus Wimbush (Ian Hunter) and the English Leslie Farrar (Jessie Matthews) will inherit a million if they wed. As the couple have never met, when the man from Toronto comes to England, Leslie poses as a parlour maid, in order to better make his acquaintance, and the two fall in love anyway.
Daas	Tamil	romance	Babu Yogeswaran	The film begins in a small village in Tirunelveli district where a few upper-caste men hold a chariot festival. Antony Daas (Jayam Ravi), along with his friends, pull the chariot in to their slum and they naturally incur the wrath of a local leader Annachi (Shanmugarajan). Meanwhile, his daughter Rajeshwari (Renuka Menon) falls in love with Daas. Her sister Punitha (Monica) elopes to marry a lower caste boy Guna (Abhinay), a classmate of Daas. Coming to know about this, Annachi sends his men to bump off the couple. Eventually, Annachi sets the couple ablaze in front of Daas. An angry Rajeshwari, in order to teach her father a lesson, elopes with Daas and vows to get married. The couple then seeks refuge in the house of Nasser (Krishna) in Madurai. He promises to get them married. However coming to know about their hideout, Annachi's men reach Madurai to foil their plans. Nasser's father Vappa (Salim Ghouse) promises to get them united. Enters Anwar (Adithya Menon), Nasser's brother, who plans to let loose terror in the Madurai town in the name of Jehad. How Daas emerges triumphant from all the troubles and marries Rajeshwari forms the rest of the story.
Rangamati	Bengali	romance	Kanoj Das	The story of the movie revolves around a village named Simulpur, which is entirely submerged into superstition and corruption. The village head or Morol Moshai Harimohan babu (Soumitra CHatterjee) is a corrupted, power centric and pervert person. In order to capture the lands of the villagers he implies a different plan, he announces that the family practices witchcraft with the help of a “gunin” and either kills them or force them out of village. The villagers solely believe in witches, ghosts and spirits. In that village lives Babulal (Amitabha Bhattacharya) who loves his wife Parul (Sangeeta) extremely. But Babulal’s mother continuously tortures her as she hasn’t give birth of any child even after 6 years of their marriage. She believes that her daughter-in-law is a witch and takes help of the “gunin”. As Harimohan Babu conspired against Parul to capture her father’s property, he advised “gunin” to announce her as a witch. As the “gunin” does so, to save herself from the rage of the villagers jumps into a river. Dr. Sen (Kunal Mitra) finds Parul lying unconscious and admits her at the Govt. hospital. In this meantime a group of social workers come to the village to free it from superstition. As they continue their work to make the villagers aware of their wrong thinking and superstitious mentality, the doctor informs Parul that its due to her husband’s deficiency she can never become a mother. So desperate Parul decides to become a mother of the baby of doctor instead of Babulal. As Parul become pregnant the villagers realize that she was never a witch and that “gunin” had told them all rubbish. In this meantime being trapped by a social worker Ishani (Shrila Majumdar) accepts that it all was a plan of Harimohan babu. So, ultimately police arrest old Harimohan Babu and on the other hand Parul gives birth to a baby boy. After showing the villagers a new ray of hope the social worker go back to Kolkata and the movie reaches its happy ending.
Mini	Chinese	romance	Jin Chen	Mini is a 10-year-old school girl from a middle-class family whose father is a habitual drunkard who beats up his wife as a rule and throws tantrums into the early hours of the morning. The mother and daughter suffer in silence; but the neighbours find the daily antics a nuisance. Despite their vehement protests things go from bad to worse. Mini prays to god and wishes that her father stop drinking and turn over a new life. She goes to the temple but to no avail. She then learns about Mahatma Gandhi and his hunger strike. She goes on a hunger strike and when she collapses she is admitted to the hospital. Her father realises his fault and breaks down. He then promises never to touch alcohol again. Mini's non-violent approach brings her victory and joy.
Love Actually	British	romance	Richard Curtis	The film begins with a voiceover from David (Hugh Grant) commenting that whenever he gets gloomy about the state of the world he thinks about the arrivals terminal at Heathrow Airport, and the pure uncomplicated love felt as friends and families welcome their arriving loved ones. David's voiceover also relates that all the messages left by the people who died on the 9/11 planes were messages of love and not hate. The film then tells the 'love stories' of many people: With the help of his longtime manager Joe (Gregor Fisher), rock and roll legend Billy Mack (Bill Nighy) records a Christmas variation of The Troggs' Love Is All Around. Although he thinks the record is terrible, Mack promotes the release in the hope it will become the Christmas number one single; it does and after briefly celebrating his victory at a party hosted by Sir Elton John, Billy discerns that Joe is in need of affection and suggests that he and Joe celebrate Christmas by getting drunk and watching porn. Juliet (Keira Knightley) and Peter's (Chiwetel Ejiofor) marriage is videotaped by the best man, Mark (Andrew Lincoln). Although both Juliet and Peter believe that Mark dislikes Juliet, he is in love with her. When Mark evades Juliet's requests to see the video he made at the wedding, Juliet visits Mark. She says she wants them to be friends and when she finds and views the wedding video, it turns out to be just adoring close-ups of her. After an uncomfortable silence, Mark blurts out that he snubs her out of self-preservation. On Christmas Eve, Juliet answers the doorbell to find Mark, carrying a boombox playing Christmas songs and large cue cards on which he has written, without expectation of reciprocation, that he loves her. As he walks away, Juliet runs after him to give him a quick kiss before she returns inside. Writer Jamie (Colin Firth) is pushed to Juliet and Peter's wedding by his girlfriend (Sienna Guillory) as she feigns illness. He returns between the ceremony and the reception to check on her, and discovers that she is having an affair with his brother. Crushed, Jamie withdraws to his French cottage where he meets Portuguese housekeeper Aurélia (Lúcia Moniz), who does not speak English. Despite their inability to communicate, they become attracted to each other. When Jamie returns to England, he realises he is in love with Aurélia and begins learning Portuguese. He returns to France to find her and ends up walking through town, gathering people as they walk to her job at a restaurant. In his broken Portuguese he declares his love for her and proposes. She says yes in broken English as the crowd erupts in applause. Harry (Alan Rickman) is the managing director of a design agency; Mia (Heike Makatsch) is his new secretary. Harry is comfortably married to his wife, Karen (Emma Thompson), who stays home to raise their children. Harry becomes increasingly aroused by Mia's overtly sexual behaviour at the office and does nothing to dissuade her. At the company Christmas party held at Mark's gallery, he not only inquires if Mark is her boyfriend, but dances closely with her. While at the shops, he calls Mia to find out what she wants for Christmas and ends up almost caught by his wife purchasing an expensive necklace from the jewellery department thanks to the salesman Rufus (Rowan Atkinson). Later on, Karen discovers the necklace in Harry's coat pocket and happily assumes it is a gift for her. When he hands her a similarly shaped box to open on Christmas Eve, she is heartbroken to find it is a Joni Mitchell CD, meaning that the necklace was for someone else. She confronts Harry and asks him what he would do if he was her. Harry begs her forgiveness. She responds that he has made a mockery of their marriage and of her. Karen's brother, David (Hugh Grant), is the recently elected Prime Minister. Natalie (Martine McCutcheon) is a new junior member of the household staff at 10 Downing Street. During a meeting with the U.S. President (Billy Bob Thornton), they run into Natalie and the president makes some inappropriate comments to David about Natalie's body. Later, David walks in on Natalie serving tea and biscuits to the president, and it appears that something untoward is happening. Natalie seems ashamed, but the President has a sly grin on his face. At the following joint press conference, David is uncharacteristically assertive while taking a stand against the President's intimidating policies. Finding that his relationship with Natalie has become strained and a distraction, David has her moved to another job. However, he is spurred to action on Christmas Eve when he finds a Christmas card from Natalie declaring that she is his and no one else's. After a door to door search of her street, he comes across Mia, who informs him that Natalie lives next door. The entire family is on their way out the door to a multi-school Christmas play and he offers to drive them so he can talk to her. After Natalie sneaks him in to the school, he runs into his heartbroken sister who believes he is there for his niece and nephew. As the two try to keep from being seen and watch the show from backstage, they finally kiss. All their hiding was for nothing because as the curtain rises, they are seen kissing by everyone. Daniel (Liam Neeson), Karen's friend, mourns the recent death of his wife Joanna, as he tries to raise his stepson Sam (Thomas Sangster) alone. Sam has fallen for an American classmate, also named Joanna (Olivia Olson), and, after discussion with his stepfather, decides to learn the drums so that he can accompany her in the big finale for their school's Christmas pageant (the same one that David's nephew and Karen and Harry's children are in). After Sam feels that he missed his chance to make an impression on her, Daniel convinces Sam that he must go catch Joanna, who is returning to the US, at the airport that night and show her how he feels, lest he regret it. Sam runs away from the airport security and says hi to Joanna, who then kisses him on the cheek. Meanwhile, Daniel meets Carol (Claudia Schiffer), the mother of one of Sam's schoolmates. Sarah (Laura Linney) first appears at Juliet and Peter's wedding, sitting next to her friend Jamie. She is an American who works at Harry's graphic design company and has been in love for years with the company's creative director, Karl (Rodrigo Santoro). They finally connect at the firm's Christmas party and he drives her home. They kiss, but before more can occur, they are interrupted by her mentally ill brother, Michael, phoning from a mental care facility. Sarah and Karl's evening tryst is aborted and Karl leaves. Both are working late on Christmas Eve and when Karl leaves, he just wishes her a Merry Christmas. Michael phones Sarah and she goes to stay with him, sharing her Christmas scarf. After unsuccessfully attempting to woo various English women, including Mia and Nancy (Julia Davis), the caterer at Juliet and Peter's wedding, Colin Frissell (Kris Marshall) informs his friend Tony (Abdul Salis) he plans to go to America, where he is convinced that his Britishness will be an asset. Landing in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Colin meets Stacey (Ivana Miličević), Jeannie (January Jones), and Carol-Anne (Elisha Cuthbert), three stunningly attractive women who fall for his Basildon accent and invite him to stay at their home, where they are joined by roommate Harriet (Shannon Elizabeth). John (Martin Freeman) and Judy (Joanna Page) are professional body doubles for films. They meet for the sex scenes in a film for which Tony is a production assistant. John tells Judy that It is nice to have someone [he] can just chat to. While the two are perfectly comfortable being naked and simulating sex on-set, they are shy and tentative off-set. Carefully pursuing a relationship, they attend the Christmas pageant (involving David and Natalie, Harry and Karen's children, Daniel and Sam, et al.) at the local school with John's brother. Rufus (Rowan Atkinson) is the jewellery salesman, whose obsessive attention to gift-wrapping nearly results in Harry being caught buying a necklace for Mia by Karen. Also, it is his distraction of staff at the airport which allows Sam to sneak through to see Joanna. In the director and cast commentary, it is revealed that Rufus was originally supposed to be a Christmas angel; however, this was dropped from the final script. One month later, all of the characters are seen in Heathrow Airport. Billy tells Joe that his Christmas single has spurred a comeback. Juliet, Peter, and Mark meet Jamie and his bride, Aurélia. Karen and the kids greet Harry, but Karen's reaction suggests that they are struggling to move past his indiscretion. Sam greets Joanna, who has returned with her mother from America, and Daniel is joined by his new girlfriend Carol and her son. Newlyweds John and Judy, heading off to their honeymoon, run into Tony who is awaiting Colin as he returns from America. Colin returns with Harriet and her sister Carla (Denise Richards) who greets Tony with a hug and a kiss. Natalie welcomes David back from his flight in view of the press, indicating that their relationship is now public. These scenes dissolve into footage of actual arrivals at Heathrow, as the screen is divided into an increasing number of smaller segments which form the shape of a heart.
Prem Vivah	Bollywood	romance	Basu Chatterjee	Asha Parekh plays an unmarried woman in her 30s, past what society considered the marriageable age. Her younger sister played by Bindiya Goswami has a fiancee Mithun Chakraborty. She feels guilty that she is about to have a happy married life, while her older sister will be all alone by herself. She sets out to find a husband for her. When she sees her sister admire Utpal Dutt on television, she brings him into their lives. Unfortunately, Utpal Dutt falls for Bindiya Goswami and isn't aware that Asha Parekh has fallen in love with him. How Bindiya untangles herself from this situation and gets Utpal Dutt and Asha Parekh together forms the rest of the story.
Fleet of Time	Chinese	romance	Zhang Yibai	A coming of age tale of a group of close friends as they experience high school, college and eventually adulthood through the '90s and 2000s. They meet again at a friend's wedding in 2014, and recalls their romantic past through memories.
Sky Lovers	Chinese	romance	Jiang Qinmin	The story is based in a remote village in the mountainous area of Guangxi.[1] The story begins after the takeover of the Communists[1] with Jia Kuan's father (Feng Enhe) accidentally triggering his gun, thus blinding himself permanently. The village boys see a stranger, Yu Chen (Dong Jie), and they believe she is the one who caused his injury, so they raise an alarm and pursue her. She runs through the fields of barley, and finds herself face to face with Jia Kuan (Liu Ye). Jia Kuan's demeanor is friendly and he smiles at her. The village boys catch up and start yelling to Jia Kuan that this girl harmed his father. Yu Chen cannot defend herself, as she is a mute. Luckily Jia Kuan doesn't believe them, so they all go to Jia Kuan's house to confirm it with Jia Kuan's father, who inevitably confirms that he had hurt himself by accident. From this incident, Yu Chen begins to live with Jia Kuan and his father. She cooks for them, and takes on a small maternal role in their family. Because Jia Kuan's father is blind and Yu Chen is mute, she communicates to him by writing words onto Jia Kuan's father's hand. It is by these small interactions that Jia Kuan's father discovers that Yu Chen was in the area because she was looking for her brother, as her parents had died. From here the story carries on without further exploring Yu Chen's background. Jia Kuan is in love with Zhu Ling, the village beauty, and in his childish manner aims to gain her love, however Zhu Ling is not interested in Jia Kuan. Instead she carries an affair with the only educated man living in the district.
Ala Modalaindi	Telugu	romance	Nandini Reddy	The film begins with an accident. Gautham (Nani) is abducted by John Abraham (Ashish Vidyarthi). On the way, Gautham is forced to narrate his tale as he talks of stopping a marriage and John too talks of preventing a wedding. Hence, the flashback. Gautham is ready to propose to Simran (Kriti Kharbanda) with a bunch of red roses, but destiny has other plans. Elsewhere, Nithya (Nithya Menen) is playing cricket and hits Gautham with her shot. He is then taken to the hospital in the stretcher. Simran falls in love with the doctor treating Gautham and they get married eventually. Gautham is invited and goes to the wedding but cannot face Simran. When he walks out, he gets drunk and meets a drunk Nithya who actually was in love with the doctor. They go around freaking during the night and part ways the next day. As destiny has it, they happen to meet in a pub after a few days. Gautham accompanies her everywhere. He realises he's in love with her, but before he could tell her, he finds out that she is already engaged. Gautham steps back and stays secluded. Nithya and her fiance end their engagement over an argument about Gautham. Unaware of this and having moved on, Gautham starts dating a veterinary doctor, Kavya (Sneha Ullal), but they break up after an altercation. Nithya realizes that she loves Gautam and goes to his house after his mother dies, to propose to him, but is shocked to see Kavya in his house. Thinking that they both are married, she leaves to Bangalore and accepts the marriage proposal her parents set for her. After realizing Nithya misunderstood him, Gautham and his friends leave for Bangalore to stop the marriage. On the way to Bangalore, their car stops and Gautam asks for a lift and they accept and that is where he was kidnapped. After a big fight between Gautam and the kidnapper, it is revealed that the kidnapper was looking for the one who gave Gautam a lift not Gautam. The kidnapper helps Gautam to reach the wedding. Gautam's friends reveal the truth to Nithya. In order to meet Gautham, Nithya escapes from the wedding and ends up asking the kidnapper for a lift. After a whole confusion, Nithya unites with Gautham.
Pyaar Mein Kabhi Kabhi	Bollywood	romance	Raj Kaushal	The film revolves around a group of talented friends, whose lives undergo a complete change with the arrival of a new student... Khushi (Rinke Khanna). The friends are Siddhant (Dino Morea), Bhargav or Bugs (Sanjay Suri), Ronnie (Akash Sehgal), Radha (Shweta Salve), Ruby (Melody), Manoj Dhanwani as ‘Haklu’ because he stammers a lot. They all are the young and vibrant students of National Institute of Performing Arts. With Kushi comes a lot of happiness in their lives and as the days pass by, both Sids and Bugs fall in love with her. But Kushi loves Sids. Sids is driven by a burning ambition of becoming a singer. He throws friendship aside for a desirable woman (Roxy), who he believes, is his stepping stone to success. He dreams of becoming the greatest pop singer and performing with Roxy. But nothing stops them (Sids and Kushi) to come closer and closer each day. Bugs finds himself falling deeper and deeper in love with Khushi, but is forced to keep it a secret that only he can treasure. He takes Khushi on a day-long romantic date. Khushi, broken by Sid's falling for another woman, returns to her comfortable yet lonely existence... The very home that she left to find genuine love and lasting friendships. Emotional upheavals also haunt the rest of the group when a close colleague develops AIDS.
Simanaheen	Bangladeshi	romance	Kevin Dalvi, Ria Mahtab	During the time of violent religious riots in partition time Bengal, Suraiya (Ismat) secretly receives classical dance lessons from Amar’s sister, while Amar (Rahsaan Noor) spies on the sessions. Stealing glances at one another, Amar and Suraiya fall in love despite Amar being a Hindu and Suraiya being a Muslim. Running side-by-side, but in a different time, Kavita (Ismat) is a medical student living obediently with her parents in modern-day Chicago. One night, while at a party, Kavita meets Raiyan (Rahsaan Noor) and they slowly fall in love despite Kavita’s fears that her parents will not accept her relationship with a Muslim Boy. Kavita tries to slowly introduce Raiyan, under a false Hindu name, to her family during her cousin’s wedding. After the festivities, Raiyan and Kavita finally confront their religious differences and agree that they accept each other for who they are. However, Kavita’s parents soon find out Raiyan’s true identity and force her to break up with him. Parallel to this, Amar tries to stop Suraiya’s wedding but is ridiculed and beaten up by her family. Kavita tries to move forward with a new life by agreeing to marry Joy Bose. She is, however, constantly distracted by thoughts of Raiyan when she is with Joy. Raiyan is similarly torn apart and goes as far as praying at a Hindu temple in order to test his belief that two faiths can live together. After hearing news of the death of Raiyan’s father, Kavita secretly attends his funeral where she runs into Raiyan. After a brief encounter, the two part again with the understanding that Kavita will marry Joy Bose. In the past storyline, touched by the fact that Amar was willing to become a Muslim for her, Suraiya runs away with him. The two run away to a Kolkata church but are tracked down by Suraiya’s family. In the resulting fight, Amar is killed by Suraiya’s brother. In the present, Raiyan decides to return a family heirloom that Kavita had gifted him. He meets Suraiya’s family at their home only to discover that they have canceled Kavita’s wedding. In flashback, the discussion at Kavita’s wedding reveals that Kavita’s maternal grandmother was a Muslim whom converted to Hinduism after her family killed her Hindu boyfriend. Kavita’s grandmother was Suraiya. After hearing the story, Raiyan rushes to the mandir to meet Kavita and they have a heart-touching reunion.
Darling Darling	Telugu	romance	M V Murali Krishna	Subhash Chandra Bose aka Kochu Kurup (Vineeth) hears a phone call from a teenage girl named Padmaja 'Pappi' Warrier (Kavya Madhavan) and soon falls in love with her. But his parents send him to Bangalore to meet his best friend Kartik aka Aniyankutty (Dileep), who is a rich womanizer. Aniyankutty also falls in love with Pappi, but he does not disclose this to Kochu Kurup. Kochu Kurup's father brings a marriage alliance to him, but he says that he is not interested, not knowing that the alliance is with Pappi herself. However, Kartik gets to know this, and he helps Kochu Kurup to cancel the wedding since he has an eye on her. Kochu Kurup and Pappi try to elope before the marriage, unaware that the marriage scheduled for them was with each other. Aniyankutty stops Kurup on the way with the help of thugs so that instead of Kurup he can reach the railway station and take Pappi with him. But the family intervenes, and Aniyankutty's plot is revealed. Kurup and Pappi unite. Aniyankutty is sent to jail for his inhumanity mind.
Selvam	Tamil	romance	Agathiyan	The movie begins with Selvam (Nandha Durairaj) coming to Chennai. After a quarrel with a person, he suffers an injury on his head and he forgets all about his past. Selvam rushes to a hospital where he seeks the help of Dr. Lakshmi (Ranjitha). Dr. Lakshmi assigns Dr. Thendral (Uma) to treat him back to his normal self. Selvam does not even remember his name so he is christened as Kannan by the doctors of the hospital. Thendral falls in love with Kannan and expresses her love for him. A couple of incidents helps Kannan to know about his past and he returns to his village. He meets his parents and his fiancee Jyothy (Vani) waiting for his return. What transpires later forms the crux of the story.
Mausam	Bollywood	romance	Gulzar	Mausam is the dramatic love story of Dr. Amarnath Gill, who falls for Chanda, the daughter of a local healer, Harihar Thapa, when visiting Darjeeling for his medical exams. Amarnath is called back and promises Chanda to return, though he never keeps his promise. Twenty-five years later, he returns as a wealthy man and searches for Chanda and her father. He learns that Harihar has died and that Chanda was married to a crippled old man. She gave birth to a daughter, became insane and died. Finding Chanda's daughter, Kajli, he sees that she closely resembles her mother and later discovers that after having been molested by her mother's brother-in-law, she ended up at a brothel. Amarnath had no choice but to buy her from the brothel and he takes Kajli home and tries to change her into well refined woman to make up for what he did to Chanda. Unaware that Amarnath is indirectly responsible for her mother's death, Kajli begins to fall in love with him.
That Dangerous Age	British	romance	Gregory Ratoff	A lady on the Isle of Capri, neglected by a husband who works too much, strikes up a romance with another man.
7/G Brindavan Colony	Telugu	romance	Sri Raghava	The movie begins with Kadhir (Ravi in Telugu version) (Ravi Krishna) on his way to work. People stare at him and laugh behind his back as he travels to his office. He appears distracted throughout the day and even instructs his assistant to postpone an important meeting with a big client. He then waits for someone at the Marina Beach (Rushikonda Beach in Telugu version) with a bouquet of flowers. His best friend, Lakshmi (Suman Shetty) sees him and asks him who he is waiting for her. Kadhir explains he is waiting to meet his girlfriend, Anita (Sonia Agarwal) for their date. In flashbacks, we are shown how Kadhir first met Anita. Kadhir belongs to a lower middle class family, living with his parents and younger sister in Rainbow Colony in Chennai (Telugu version as Brundavan Colony in Hyderabad). He is perceived as a good for nothing person as he skips classes, fails in exams, and gets involved in fights. Kadhir believes that his father (Vijayan) (Chandra Mohan in Telugu version) hates him and often quarrels with him, even threatening to leave the house, only to be persuaded not to do so by his mother (Sudha). Kadhir's life changes when a once well lived family moves into the same colony due to loss in business. Kadhir is attracted to the daughter to his new neighbour, Anita. Although he tries to woo her, Anita treats him with disdain. One day, Kadhir confesses to Anita that he loves her. He tells her that having always been ridiculed, he found respite in the fact that she at least bothered to look at him. He promises to wipe her thoughts out of his mind, as he is not right for her. Despite himself, Kadhir continues pursuing her. Anita realizes that Kadhir is not such a useless fellow when Lakshmi tells her that he can dismantle and assemble a motorcycle within minutes. Anita takes Kadhir to a Hero Honda dealer and asks them to give him a job. He is promised a job if he can assemble a bike. Initially, the lethargic Kadhir is disinterested and gives up the task. Anita takes him to a corner and slaps him before revealing that she has fallen in love with him. She then tells him that they can only be together if he gets a proper job and gets his life straightened out. Kadhir then demonstrates his skill in motorcycle assembly, securing a job with the dealer. Later that evening, Kadhir plans a treat for his friends. However, Anita confronts him and makes him break the good news to his parents first to get their blessings. However, Kadhir's father berates him as usual for getting a job instead of completing college. Then later at night, Kadhir overhears his father telling his mother how proud he is of their son since getting a job with such a prestigious company is not easy. Only then does Kadhir realize his father's love for him and weeps in joy. The intimacy between Kadhir and Anita is discovered by her mother and she refuses to permit their marriage even as Kadhir's father tries to persuade her otherwise. Anita's family is heavily indebted to another Northern Indian family that has been supporting them since Anita's father suffered losses in his business. Anita's parents want Anita to marry the son of the family that has helped them. Anita escapes her home and meets Kadhir in a tourist place near Thekkady in Kerala and they end up in a hotel room. Anita reveals that she has made the biggest decision of her life by deciding to make love to him, as he should not regret falling in love with her when she marries the man her parents chose. Though stunned by her decision, Kadhir goes with her plan and the two consummate their love. The next morning Kadhir and Anita argue when Kadhir says he wants Anita to live with him, while Anita accuses him of being attracted to her only because of the sex. They continue arguing as they exit the hotel. While crossing the road, Anita is knocked down by a truck as a helpless Kadhir watches. Kadhir is also hit by a speeding vehicle. Anita dies on the spot and after sadly returning to Chennai, Kadhir tries to commit suicide only to be helped by a group of nuns. Kadhir then hallucinates about Anita's spirit coming to him and advising him to live life to the fullest. Back in present day, it is revealed that Kadhir has become very successful person in his life but has remained mentally damaged since Anita's death. He still believes that she is alive and always imagines talking to her. The film ends with Kadhir talking to himself at the beach, thinking that he is talking with Anita.
Bandhan	Bengali	romance	Rabi Kinagi	The story is one of the pivotal characters, Mina (Koel Mallick) narrating the story so far and introducing the family members Everybody is very kind and loved her very much, but his father (Victor Banerjee) is very strict and angry person. Mina is no more. Her husband Rohit (Jeet) and son Rony (Master Angshu) live in Singapore, but they have no contact with Mina's family because Mina had married against her family's will. Presently, Chumki, Mina's cousin is to get married. Her mother Sabitri Devi and most of her family wants Rohit to be a part of the wedding but her father is against it. However Sabitri Devi is stubborn and ultimately succeeds in being able to invite Rohit for the wedding. Rohit is welcomed by the entire family except Pratap Narayan and his son. Rohit is constantly humiliated by the two of them but he doesn't lose hope and does not get hostile. He also explains to Rony as to why he is unwanted in the family. Meanwhile, Mina's twin sister, Rina (Koel Mallick) comes home. Rony looks up to her as his mother while Rohit and she get closer. Rohit and Rony are slowly accepted by Pratap Narayan but things complicate again when Rina's marriage is fixed elsewhere. Rina insists on marrying Rohit but he does not want to face the family rejection again. In the meantime, a letter written by Rina and addressed to Rohit falls into Pratap Narayan's hands and he drives Rohit out of his house again. Things finally are settled and Pratap Narayan goes to the station to get Rohit back.
Nee Sneham	Telugu	romance	Parichuri Murali	The film opens with Madhav (Uday Kiran) and Sreenu (Jatin Grewal) playing a football cup final in Kolkata. Madhav and Sreenu are best friends, football players, and neighbours. Subsequently, the team wins the cup. A mishap happens when Sreenu tries to save Madhav from an accident. Madhav escapes with minor injuries, but Sreenu loses his leg. This puts an end to his football career. Sreenu, recovering from the incident, convinces Madhav not to tell anyone about the cause of Sreenu's accident. He does this to save the two families from drifting apart. Remembering his sacrifice, Madhav works hard and becomes the captain of the team, a post once held by Sreenu. Once, while visiting Goa for a match, Madhav sees Amrutha (Arti Agarwal) and falls in love with her. When Amrutha returns to her house, she finds her grandparents fixing her marriage with an NRI. The marriage breaks apart when the father of the groom gets to know about Madhav's love for Amrutha. Her heartbroken grandfather dies a few days later, and Amrutha holds Madhav responsible for all these incidents and starts hating him. Madhav tries to change her life by anonymously sending her gifts and money during her hardships. Amrutha desperately tries to find the person who was sending these to her. A few days later, during the festival of Holi, Amrutha mistakenly thinks Sreenu to be the sender of all the gifts and proposes him for marriage. Sreenu, not knowing about Madhav's love, agrees to the proposal. Madhav rushes to Sreenu's house, where he realises that the bride is no one else but Amrutha. Madhav sacrifices his love for his best friend's happiness. He tries to burn the photos of him and Amrutha in Goa, but he is seen by his father. His father gets to know the truth but Madhav convinces him not to tell anyone. Madhav decides to leave the town so that the marriage goes on smoothly. He fakes a letter asking him to report to Delhi for national football team selection. Sreenu asks him to leave immediately and to fulfill both of their dreams. Madhav, instead of going to Delhi, flies to Mumbai. Meanwhile, Sreenu's father learns about the photograph and Amrutha is questioned about their relationship. Amrutha realises that it was Madhav, and not Sreenu, who helped her. Sreenu and Amrutha leave for Mumbai. The film ends with Amrutha and Madhav getting together and Sreenu walking away with satisfaction.
Premism	Kannada	romance	Ratnaja	Nitin (Chetan) and Varun (Varun) are Police commissioner and head constable sons respectively. They are at loggerheads right from their childhood. Eventually, they both fall for the same girl Amulya, the sister of a traffic inspector. They express their love to her directly. But she travels back to her background happenings in Belgaum where she was in love with Prasanna (Sunil Raoh). How the twosome win over her despite her background forms the rest of the story.
Graduate	Telugu	romance	Prasad Rayala	This film is completely youth centric with romance as the backdrop.
Baban	Marathi	romance	Bhaurao Karhade	In an endeavor to convert the traditional business into a big one, ambitious Baban strives hard to fulfill his dreams of prosperity. But the circumstances lead him elsewhere, which in-turn gives rise to a storm. [6]
Vikadakavi	Tamil	romance	G. Krishnan	Vikadakavi is a comic tale of five friends who give the villagers a hard time[4]
That Night	American	romance	Craig Bolotin	In 1961 Long Island, Alice Bloom (Eliza Dushku) is a ten-year-old girl who is trying to understand how love works. She is infatuated with the girl across the street, 17-year-old Sheryl O' Connor (Juliette Lewis). She often looks at her from across the street, as their bedroom windows are level with each other. Alice starts to copy every detail about Sheryl, including her perfume and the record she listens to. As Alice and her mother pick up her father from work, she notices Sheryl speeding up to the train station to pick up her own father. She admires the affection that Sheryl's father gives her, as she doesn't receive the same from her own father. She then tells her mother about how amazing Sheryl is: how she could travel long distances in her car in no time at all, how she was slapped in the face by one of her Catholic School teachers and never cried, and how she ran the mile in gym and never broke a sweat. Alice's mother does not believe what she is saying. One day she goes bowling with some of her friends and is ridiculed by them when she rolls a ball into the lane next to hers, and her friends award her with a score of minus zero and call her a dufus. Reeling from comments made to her, she immediately becomes excited when Sheryl walks into the bowling alley along with a group of guys trying to win her affection. Sheryl, seemingly innocent and moral, rejects their advances. She rings the bell at the front desk, and from under the counter a boy named Rick (C. Thomas Howell) appears. They are instantly attracted to each other. As Alice continues to bowl with her friends, she constantly watches Sheryl's every move. Her friends then mention that they think Sheryl's breasts are fake, because they do not move. Alice insists they are real, and says that they are friends. They make her go over to talk to Sheryl and get Sheryl to take a drink of her soda, thereby proving that they are friends. But before she can get there, Rick pages her to come back to the desk, and a police officer tells her that her father just died. During the funeral, Sheryl is obviously upset. As she is sitting in the bathroom, she notices her bowling shoes on the floor and goes to the bowling alley to return them. There she finds Rick repairing one of the pin returns. He tells her they are closed, and she starts crying over her father. After some conversation, Rick walks Sheryl home, and leads to their first kiss. This is observed by Alice, who earlier had spotted Sheryl running to go to the bowling alley. The next day Rick comes back with his gang, and they take Sheryl to the beach, where they have oysters and tequila and Sheryl pours her heart out over her father's death. They spend the whole day and night together. All is not well, however. Sheryl's mother disapproves of the relationship between her and Rick. Eventually, she bars her from seeing him, and the neighborhood begins to revile Rick. Sheryl refused to stop seeing him however, even as her mother attempts to put her on lockdown. She gets her chance again as she addresses a coughing Alice laying in her grass. Alice was victim of a prank at a boy's birthday party during a game of spin the bottle. Sheryl babysits Alice (with Alice's parents being out, as they had dropped her off at the party), and the two begin to take root in their friendship, with Sheryl imparting wisdom about the boy's bullying of her being typical traits of young boys who crush on young girls. Alice offers also to help Sheryl sneak out and see Rick. The three of them spend much of the night together which includes bringing Alice to seedy places like dive bars and under the boardwalk. She also makes a record in a booth detailing everything that happened that night. Sheryl suggests that she bury it in a time capsule to dig up many years later. Alice continues to help Sheryl and Rick hide their relationship. She goes to the bowling alley to explain to Rick why Sheryl couldn't make it to see him one day, even yelling at her father in his anger as he advises her to stay away from him, feeling that her father didn't understand love. It's revealed that Sheryl is pregnant. Her mother decides to send her to an unwed mother's home 300 miles or so from Long Island. Despite Sheryl's protests (including her suggestion of abortion, and still wanting to see Rick), she eventually does what her mother says. Rick repeatedly calls Sheryl's house, only to have her mother tell him not to call, and hang up on him. Finally, he and his gang drive to her house, where Rick pleads to speak to Sheryl. This captures the attention of most of the immediate neighbors. Her mother informs him that Sheryl has gone, and that he is to leave as well. He refuses to believe her (looking at Sheryl's still-open window), and pushes her aside to go into the house. The neighborhood fathers then rush to help her, and a brawl ensues between Rick's gang and them, with Rick getting hit in the head with a snow shovel. He spends a week in jail, although it's assumed that no serious charges are filed. Alice becomes withdrawn from the incident. Once she walks in on her parents listening to the record she made that night, she decides to run away. She ends up under the boardwalk, where Rick finds her, and the two talk. Reluctantly, Rick agrees to drive upstate with Alice to meet Sheryl at the unwed mother's home. After some bartering with a few other occupants of the home, she is snuck inside to meet Sheryl and arranges for her to sneak out to a restaurant at midnight to meet Rick. The two meet, but Sheryl seems to have come to an understanding regarding her situation. She decides that she wants to put the baby up for adoption. She also suggests that her situation is too complicated for a young woman such as herself to realistically see through a life with Rick, a baby, and no money or viable career opportunities for either of them. Rick is upset, and hands her an engagement ring that he planned to propose with, suggesting that she could pawn it. Alice then talks to Sheryl, asking her what happened to her earlier views regarding how nothing could stop true love. Sheryl tells her that she is simply too young to understand. As Alice suggests the three of them running away together, Sheryl tells Alice that she mustn't leave her loved ones. As Alice is put on a bus back to Long Island and stares out the window at Rick, Sheryl comes out, and the two embrace. Alice makes it home, and her parents are relieved to have her back. She states that despite the gossip about Sheryl that went on afterward, she received a postcard telling her the truth: That Sheryl and Rick were well on their way to the west coast, and they were doing well. She follows up on her promise to bury her record of that night, and plans to dig it up in 1999. She then meets up with one of her male friends from earlier. They discuss her running away, and it's made clear that Sheryl's earlier suggestion to Alice (that the boy was mean due to his affection towards her) was true. Alice then reveals that she learned some things that summer that she would never forget.
Kash Aap Hamare Hote	Bollywood	romance	Unknown	Amrita (Juhi Babbar) is the adopted daughter of Yashwant Raj Mankotia (Om Puri). Amrita was actually the daughter of late Yashwant Raj's friend. Yashwant has a son, Randeep Raj Mankotia (Sharad Kapoor) who is in Canada. Yashwant plans to get Randeep and Amrita married. Randeep does not want to go to India to visit his father. To make Randeep come Yashwant pretends to have heart trouble. Randeep does not want to leave his business. He gets even more upset when he learns that he is going to marry Amrita. His father says if he does not accept the marriage all his property will go to Amrita. Randeep agrees to the marriage. After the wedding, Randeep and Amrita travel to Canada. When they go to Randeep's house, Amrita meets Simone (Saadhika), Randeep's business partner/spouse. Simone and Randeep humiliate Amrita and she runs away. Randeep gathers some men and orders them to find Amrita and kill her. Amrita then hides in the garage of Jay Kumar (Sonu Nigam) who befriends her. Daljit (Dolly) Brar (Ravee Gupta) is the daughter of Jay's boss, and is jealous of the friendship between them so she fires Jay. Yashwant Raj misses Amrita so he goes to Canada to visit her. When Yashwant asks where Amrita is Randeep lies and says she has humiliated him by taking up alcohol. Yashwant doesn't realise that to get his daughter he has to kill a human being.
Sontham	Telugu	romance	Srinu Vaitla	Vamsy (Aryan Rajesh), Nandu (Namitha) and Bose (Rohit) are childhood friends. Vamsy and Nandu grew up very close. Bose falls in love with a beautiful girl named Sowmya. When Bose tells Vamsy about her, she deems it one more love affair that is bound to fail. Vamsy feels that friendship is more valuable than love and that love spoils a friendship. Nandu, who wanted to share her love, goes back to the shelter as she feels Vamsy might get offended. Vamsy leaves for New Zealand to supervise the overseas operations of his father's company. In New Zealand, Vamsy realizes that he is in love with Nandu. When Vamsy returns to India, he finds out that Nandu is already engaged to someone else(Advi Sesh). Just before her marriage, Nandu receives a bouquet from Vamsy's friend addressing both Vamsy and Nandu. Realizing that Vamsy loves her, Nandu runs after him at the Airport.
Azhagai Irukkirai Bayamai Irukkirathu	Tamil	romance	Vijay Milton	Mano (Bharath) loves Jo (Mallika Kapoor) and he becomes her friend, hoping to help her win her love for Prem (Arun Vijay), whom Jo secretly loves. Then they both try to break Prem’s love with Nandini and succeed. Mano realizes Jo’s deep love for Prem and tries to unite them. Mano succeeds in making Prem fall in love with Jo. Finally Jo and Prem get married. During the story the twists reveal that Mano had originally been in love with Jo but secretly tried to engage into her life by pretending to be in love with Nandhini. Soon after realising her true love for Prem, he sacrifices his love for her and brings Prem and Jo together. Only in the last several scenes does Jo realise Mano's love for her, but she chooses to go with Prem.
Kalidasu	Telugu	romance	G. Ravicharan Reddy	Kalidasu (Sushanth) is the son of a sincere police officer (Nagababu), who is killed in the hands of a factionist (GV). However, Kalidasu kills that factionist and escapes from Rayalaseema and reaches Guntur. Kanakadurga (Jayasudha) brings him up along with her son Jai Dev (Vamsikrishna). Kalidasu helps Dev to continue his studies in Hyderabad, by turning himself a car-lifter. Baba (Chalapati Rao) buys such lifted cars. His son Basha (Sunil) also becomes his good friend. Once, Kalidasu lifts a car and finds a girl hiding in it. The girl says that her name is Mirchi (Tamannaah) and pretends that she is a lunatic. But Kalidasu does not believe that she is lunatic and suspects her that she is pretending. Once some goons led by Pratap and Ajay (Vinodkumar and Ajay) reach Guntur and take away Mirchi after killing Basha. Kalidasu goes to Hyderabad after noticing Dev's photo with Mirchi in her mobile phone. However, after going to the college, the principal (Tanikella Bharani) reveals that Dev is killed by the goons led by a political leader (Rajan P. Dev) and his henchmen Pratap and Ajay to save the college maintained by Archana (Real name of Mirchi). Kalidasu decides to take revenge against the killers of Basha and Dev. Then Kalidasu starts his mind game and plays a trick, which makes Pratap to kill his own brothers. Later, Ajay kills his brother-in-law Pratap. In the climax, Kalidasu's trick again makes Ajay meet his own death. The film ends on a happy note as Kalidasu and Archana are in Love and lead a happy life.
Vanity Fair	American	romance	Mira Nair	In 1802 England, Becky Sharp, the orphaned daughter of an impoverished painter, has just finished her studies at Miss Pinkerton's School for Girls and has been offered a position as governess to the daughters of Sir Pitt Crawley. Before she begins her position she travels to London with her close friend Amelia Sedley to stay with the Sedley family. While there she begins a campaign to charm Amelia's awkward and overweight brother Jos Sedley, a wealthy trader living in India. Jos grows very smitten with Becky and comes close to proposing marriage to her, but is dissuaded by Amelia's snobbish fiancé George Osborne, who reminds him of Becky's low birth and poverty. Having failed in her efforts to find a rich husband, Becky travels to take up her post. She is horrified by the dilapidated house and her lecherous new employer Sir Pitt, but applies herself diligently to teaching his two young daughters and improving the house in preparation for the visit of Sir Pitt's half-sister Miss Crawley. Accompanying her is Sir Pitt's youngest son, Rawdon Crawley, a roguish army captain, who immediately takes a fancy to Becky. Becky manages to ingratiate herself to the crotchety Miss Crawley, so much so that she invites Becky to come and live with her as a companion in London. Meanwhile, Amelia's prospective father-in-law, Mr. Osborne, is trying to arrange a more advantageous marriage for his son George. When George refuses to countenance marrying his father's candidate, Mr. Osborne calls in the debts which Mr. Sedley owes to him, bankrupting the family and obliging George to break the engagement to Amelia. Amelia, now living in squalor with her family, remains hopeful that George will come for her, deluding herself when she receives the gift of a piano from George's loyal friend Dobbin into thinking that it is from George himself. Becky seduces Rawdon Crawley and the two marry secretly, though they are soon exposed to Miss Crawley, who expels Becky from her house in anger and disinherits Rawdon. George Osborne marries Amelia in rebellion against his father, and is soon after deployed with Dobbin and Rawdon to Belgium as part of the Duke of Wellington's army, because Napoleon has escaped Elba and invaded France. Becky and Amelia decide to accompany their husbands. The newly-wedded Osborne has already grown tired of Amelia, and he begins to make romantic assignations to Becky. The lavish ball the group are attending is interrupted by an announcement that Napoleon has attacked, and the army will march in three hours. Before he leaves, Rawdon gives Becky all the money he's won at cards and the next day Becky tries to flee the city. However, when she sees Amelia in the fleeing mob, she leaves her carriage to take Amelia back to Brussels, where they wait out the battle. In the ensuing Battle of Waterloo, George is killed and Rawdon survives. Amelia bears him a posthumous son, who is also named George. Mr. Osborne refuses to acknowledge his grandson. So Amelia returns to live in genteel poverty with her parents. Now-Major William Dobbin, who is young George's godfather, begins to express his love for the widowed Amelia by small kindnesses. Amelia is too much in love with George's memory to return Dobbin's affections. Saddened, he transfers to an army post in India. Meanwhile, Becky also has a son, also named after his father. Several years pass. Rawdon has been passed over for inheritance by both his aunt and father, and the couple are sinking deep into debt. Amelia herself struggles to raise her son and reluctantly gives him up to be raised by his grandfather Mr. Osborne, because of the fine education and lifestyle he can provide. When bailiffs arrive to repossess the Crawley's household furniture, Becky is saved by her neighbor Lord Steyne, a man she remembers from the past as a keen buyer of her father's paintings. Lord Steyne becomes her patron, giving her money and introducing her into the exclusive world of London high society. On the night of her triumphant presentation to the King of England, George IV, Becky receives word that Rawdon has been arrested and thrown into debtors' prison. Lord Steyne insists that she spend the night with him in return for all the services he has rendered her, and Rawdon, after being bailed out by his sister-in-law, walks in on Steyne forcing himself upon Becky. He throws Steyne out and realizes that Becky has been taking money for months in secret without sharing with him. He leaves Becky and entrusts the care of his son to his older brother, the new Sir Pitt and his wife. Twelve years later, Becky is working as a card dealer at a casino in Baden-Baden, Germany. It is revealed that Rawdon died from malaria soon after leaving Becky, when he was posted to a tropical island under the malign influence of Lord Steyne. By chance Becky encounters the now grown son of Amelia, George Jr., who invites her to meet his mother for tea. Mr. Osborne finally accepted Amelia at the end of his life, and left her and George Jr. a large inheritance. Becky confronts Amelia over her obsession with the late George, showing her a love note given to her many years earlier by him. She urges Amelia to love Dobbin, who has remained her loyal friend for many years. Although at first angered, Amelia realizes her mistake and declares her love to Dobbin. Alone again in the casino, Becky meets Jos Sedley, who has come to Germany after being informed by Amelia that Becky was there. He invites her to come and live in India with him, and she delightedly accepts. The two depart to make a new life for themselves.
Dilwale	Bollywood	romance	Unknown	The film opens at a mental asylum, where doctors discuss the strange case of Arun Saxena (Ajay Devgn). His behaviour is very different to all the other mental patients. Arun tries to escape from the hospital, but is stopped just in the nick of time by the doctors. Arun's mother (Reema Lagoo) sits in front of Mandir everyday with her back turned to God, only vowing to face God when hope comes. Enter Inspector Vikram Singh (Sunil Shetty), a tough no-nonsense hot-headed young honest cop who has been assigned the case of Arun. At first, Vikram refuses thinking he will go mental, but during a visit to Arun, he is touched by seeing his behaviour towards his former flame Sapna, because of whom he became mental. Vikram demands answers as to how a person like Arun could commit a murder. so he visits Arun's mum where the story goes into a flashback: Arun was a happy free-spirited young man who was always jovial in his life. Whilst attending his college's friend birthday party, Arun is love struck when he sees Sapna (Raveena Tandon) and immediately falls in love with her, despite her not knowing this. Sapna's evil uncle Mama Thakur (Paresh Rawal) has been holding a facade for the last 20 years as his hidden motive is to usurp Sapna's wealth. Arun makes it clear to everyone in the college how much he loves Sapna and will go to any lengths for her when he bashes up Shankar Bihari (Gulshan Grover) a goon hired by Mama Thakur to marry Sapna, so that he can get her wealth. Sapna at first, thinks Arun is a flirt, but later confesses her love for Arun after seeing Arun almost commit suicide for her. Jyoti (Navneet Nishan) grows jealous at this and wants Arun at any cost. When Sapna sees this, she mistakes this as an affair. Arun reaches Sapna's mansion and clears the confusion, however Mama sees this and tries to attack Arun. Arun stands up to Mama Thakur's fear tactics and installs that fear in Mama. Mama, feeling insulted due to his false pride and ego, sends goons to kill Arun. Arun is tied up and taken home, where he and his mother are assaulted, which sparks Arun into action and he single-handedly beats all of Mama Thakur's goons. Despite receiving death threats, Arun continues to pursue Sapna. Joyti is falsely invited by Mama Thakur to click nude pictures at Arun's house and is murdered. Arun is framed for the murder due to his acquaintance with her. Arun's mum is brutally tortured by Mama Thakur when she comes to visit him in jail. Arun is thus forced to accept the murder in the court. When he pleads falsely guilty, Sapna starts hating him and Arun is unable to take this shock which drives him insane. One final attempt to kill Mama Thakur fails in the court and he is then taken to a mental asylum. Back to the present day, Vikram promises Arun's mum that he will fight for Arun's justice. Vikram slowly becomes a thorn to Mama Thakur's illegal activities. Mama Thakur is in more trouble, because Natwar had secretly clicked pictures of the murder and keeps blackmailing Mama, therefore Natwar is killed by hired contract killers. Arun, whilst running away from a mental hospital van witnesses this. He reaches back to the mental hospital and draws evidence of the murderer in his hospital room wall. Vikram now realizes he has to catch Mama Thakur and starts to gather evidence against him. He also has to protect Arun by giving him accommodation at his home as his life is in danger. Mama Thakur tries to humiliate Vikram after he refuses to accept a bribe, but he and his brother are given a taste of their own medicine when they become smartasses to Vikram. Later, Vikram gets to know that the girl that he loved was actually Sapna, but she is Arun's now. Vikram has to reunite Arun with his love. He painfully makes Ram Singh tell the truth to Sapna as he was present when Arun's mum and him were tortured, but he was helpless due to Mama Thakur's fear and Sapna is very resentful due to the mistake she gravely made. Arun becomes better under Vikram's care. He almost gets killed by the men who killed Natwar after Vikram visited the mansion and told Mama Thakur his days were over. Arun gets an electric shock, however, that shock brings back all his memories and makes him sane again. Arun is now discharged from the hospital. Arun is sentenced to be hanged as soon as he is better, but escapes to reunite with Sapna with Vikram's help. Arun then goes on a brutal vengeance mission and burns almost every godown (warehouse) of Mama Thakur, which angers the commissioner as he cannot persuade Arun to surrender. Arun then captures Mama Thakur from a police protection van and bashes him up badly. Vikram and Sapna arrive at the scene after Vikram rescues her from Shankar Bihari. All the goons are then killed. Arun's revenge is complete with Mama Thakur dead and Sapna back with him again. Arun's mum and the commissioner arrive at the scene and tell Arun he is innocent as Advocate Sinha became the state witness, otherwise he knows Arun would kill him for the role he played in getting Arun a death sentence. Arun forgives Sinha and because he killed Mama Thakur he has to go to jail. The commissioner promise Arun a short sentence in jail due to the physical and mental stress he has gone through. Vikram drives Arun and Sapna away in his van, secretly putting a brave smile on his face as he loved Sapna, but would never be able to tell her that.
Megh Roddur	Bengali	romance	Surajit Dhar, Sudarshan Basu	Madhuja Sen (Subhashree Ganguly), an actress comes to Shillong to shoot her film and happens to meet Arpan (Palash Ganguly), a bookshop owner. She eventually falls in love with Arpan. In the meantime, a sudden terrorist attack takes place in the town and has an influence in their lives. Though the film is a close copy of Notting Hill (1999), it is not an absolute copy of the same.[4]
Agnipath	Bengali	romance	Sujit Guha	The story starts by showing a happy family, who include Sujay, Ajay and Bijay. Sujay worked in the factory of Bhuban Choudhury. Ajay wanted to become an IPS officer. An unemployed Bijay was searching for a job. Sujay's wife Anjali looked after all the needs of his two siblings. Rahim was a very close friend of Sujay, who was very connected to his family members. One day, a worker in Sujay's factory loses a hand in an accident at work. Seeing this, Sujay advised Bhuban to give compensation to the worker's family, to which Bhuban refused. To protest this, Sujay calls a strike. Meanwhile, Ajay fell in love with Bhuban's daughter, Swati, and they eloped against the will of Sujay. An angry Sujay ordered Ajay to leave the house and a serious dispute takes place between Anjali and Swati, only resulting in abuses offered by Sujay to Ajay. After this incident, Ajay left the house with Swati. Bijay went to a bank for a job interview when suddenly the bank was attacked by some robbers. Seeing this, Bijay showed great courage by tackling the robbers and he became successful in saving everyone in the bank. A young lady named Sharmila was there, and she and Bijay fell in love. Sharmila's father Mr. Bakshi, who was a Colonel, invited Bijay to join the Indian Army. In the meantime, Bhuban Choudhury, who was attempting to take revenge on Sujay, brought fake claims against him, due to which everyone in the factory misunderstood him. Later, Sujay saw an illegal activity going on in the factory. Bhuban Choudhury was involved in a drug smuggling business with Singh, a dangerous criminal. Bhuban and Singh learn that their deeds were witnessed by Sujay. They kidnap Sujay and murder him. Bijay and Rahim were determined to take revenge on Bhuban and Singh after this event. The film ends as they kill the two criminals and surrender themselves to the police.[3]
Takkar	Bengali	romance	Swapan Saha	Rich suburban girl Chaitali Choudhury marries nephew oriented man Ajoy (Prosenjit) against the wishes of her elder brother and aunt. But within a couple of months Chaitali (Rachana) and Ajoy go loggerheads over the issue of Ajoy's beloved nephew Arun (Rishi). Ajoy slaps Chaitali in front of her brother Joydeb's (Sudip) friend Shekhar. Chaitali leaves home even after repeated requests from Ajoy's mother and his widow sister Dipa to stay back. Ajoy transforms to a business tycon from a poor man after this incident. On the other hand, Chatali is influenced against Ajoy by Joydeb, pisi (her anut) and Shekhar. 15 years go by. Though the estranged couple still love each other, they can never unite again due to social constraints. Meanwhile, Arun grows up to become a spoilt brat. The uncle-nephew combo remains steady amidts all these mishaps Arun falls in love with Tithi who is accidentally bad man Joydeb's only daughter. There is another positive character in Ranjan (Bhashwar) who tries to bring peace within the rival families. But Shekhar has another plans. He influenced Joydeb to send a pack of killers to execute Ajoy. Ajoy fights bravely but injured. When Arun hears this news he rushes to kill Joydev and Shekhar in a fit of rage. But accidentally he chops off poor Ranjan's left hand with a chopper. Things complicate after this incident but when Ranjan withdraws the case over Arun, he takes oath to become a good man and unite his uncle and aunt. Tithi helps Arun wholeheartedly in this mission. Ultimately after numerous violent incidents Joydeb decides to marry off Chaitali by force. At the last moment Ajoy arrives at that spot. Arun too arrives to save his uncle and aunt. Shekhar tries to molest Chaitali while she kills the debauch in self-defence. Arun takes blame and voluntary goes to jail for 4 years. After getting released Ajoy and Arun come to Joydeb's house to take Tithi with them. There every single truth gets revealed. Joydeb and pisi (Arpita Baker) transform into good human beings and the misunderstanding ends finally. Ajoy and Chaitali re-unite after a long gap.
Mahesh, Saranya Matrum Palar	Tamil	romance	P. V. Ravi	Mahesh (Shakthi) returns to his family from Chennai where he is studying, for the wedding of his sister Keerthana (Saranya) who he dotes on. He starts telling her about a girl Saranya (Sandhya) with whom he accidentally meets and falls in love with. Slowly, at regular intervals this narration continues as everyone on the large household joins one by one to hear Mahesh’s love story. Finally on the day of Keerthana’s marriage a twist in the story happens as Mahesh is forced to confess the climax of his love story. When he was leaving, Saranya was brutally murdered by a rowdy. Mahesh goes after the rowdy and hacks him to death. But before he went to jail, he wanted to see Keerthana married. After the marriage, Mahesh turns himself over to the police.
Crossing Hennessy	Hong Kong	romance	Ivy Ho	Loy (Jacky Cheung) is a 41-year-old bachelor who lives with his widowed mother (Paw Hee-Ching) and aunt (Chu Mi-Mi) in Wan Chai. Loy's mother, disappointed by his bachelorhood, often sets up match-making lunches for him with various girls. On the other side of Hennessy, orphaned Oi Lin (Tang Wei) lives with and works for her uncle and aunt in a bathroom appliances store on Lockhart Road. She is in a relationship with Xu (Andy On), who is in prison. Her uncle, who disapproves of Xu, sets up a match-making lunch for her and Loy. Neither Loy or Oi Lin are attracted to one another, but the families continue to set up meetings for the two. After a few meetings and dates, the two eventually strike up a friendship after discovering a mutual interest in detective stories. Both Loy and Oi Lin's families misunderstand the newfound friendship as romance and begin discussing wedding banquet arrangements. Loy explains to his mother this is not the case, and that Oi Lin has a boyfriend. Annoyed, Loy's mother calls Oi Lin's aunt and yells at her, calling her and her husband cheats. Oi Lin becomes upset with Loy, and breaks off their friendship. During this time she shares a flat with her boyfriend Xu, who has just been released from prison, and Loy gets back together with his ex-girlfriend Man Yu (Maggie Cheung Ho-yee). As time passes, Loy and Oi Lin grow increasingly uneasy about their relationships with Man Yu and Xu respectively. Loy tells Man Yu that he is finally in love with someone, but does not know if he is good enough for her. In the meantime, Oi Lin breaks up with Xu. Furious, Xu tracks down Loy and beats him up. Loy, though severely injured and no match for Xu, claims he is the better man because he can make Oi Lin smile. Xu finally understands, and leaves Oi Lin to get on with her life. Loy's mother finally marries her accountant at the Cotton Tree Drive Marriage Registry to everyone's delight. After the wedding, Loy goes to the Cha Chaan Teng (where he'd previously had a date with Oi Lin) and finds Oi Lin. He joins her there, and the two enjoy the afternoon together.
Darling	Telugu	romance	Karunakaran	The movie starts in the late 1980s when a group of friends celebrate their farewell party. They promise each other to keep in touch. Among them are Hanumantha Rao (Prabhu Ganesan), who has a son named Prabha (Prabhas), and Vishwanath (Ahuti Prasad) who has a daughter Nandini (Kajal Agarwal). To reach their professional goals, Vishwanath and Nandini travel to Switzerland, while Hanumantha Rao becomes a criminal lawyer and settles in India. Thus, Prabha and Nandini get separated in their childhood. Years later, these old friends call for a reunion where a grown-up Prabha is eager to see his lover Nandini, but Nisha (Shraddha Das), the daughter of a local don (Mukesh Rishi), attempts suicide when Prabha doesn't accept her love. Her father tries to kill Prabha and his friends, but Prabha gets out of trouble by faking a story about his childhood love Nandini. During the reunion at Bhadram's (Chandra Mohan) farmhouse, Prabha happens to see Nandini. He tries various tantrums to impress her, but in vain. His attempts are always thwarted by her brother. One day, he knowingly gives a lead about his sister's favorite game of basketball, forcing Prabha and his team to create a basketball court. As they play basketball, in comes Rishi (Vamsi Krishna), as Appala Raju's (M. S. Narayana) son, who gatecrashes into the game as he is cheered by Nandini. Both Rishi and Prabha vie with each other to impress Nandini, leading to a cold war between them. Meanwhile, Prasanna, Bhadram's daughter, confesses to Prabha that she was in love with a man and she would marry him if she could pay a dowry of 5 million, and she forces Prabha to talk to her father into marrying off her to her boyfriend. Prabha is able to convince Bhadram about his daughter's marriage with the help of his father and his friends. Impressed by his managing skills, Nandini begins to show affection to Prabha. Jealous of Nandini's liking for Prabha, Rishi's friends try to paralyse Prabha by misconnecting the power cable of an iron box. Hanumantha Rao, unaware of their conspiracy, accidentally touches the iron box and gets an electric shock, leading to a scuffle between Prabha and Rishi. The fight results in Hanumantha Rao ejecting Prabha out of the house. Later, Prabha finds out that Rishi is not Appala Raju's son, but Vishwanath's nephew. Vishwanath betrayed his father (Kota Srinivasa Rao) by marrying his girlfriend rather than the girl chosen by his father. As a result, he is ousted by his father. Hanumantha Rao, on Viswanath's behalf, negotiates with his father for a reconciliation. After many attempts, he agrees to forgive Viswanath, but on the condition that his daughter's son should marry Nandini. Prabha decides not to reveal his love for Nandini and makes up his mind to leave. As Prabha tries to leave, Nandini reveals that she is in love with him all along. She was playing hard to get with Prabha only to know how much he loves her. But to save his father's reputation, he doesn't reveal his love to her and leaves the place leaving Nandini heartbroken. Nisha's father too realizes the truth that the story that Prabha had said was a lie, and tries to kill Prabha. Meanwhile, Nandini gets to know the truth behind Prabha's silence and convinces her father that she loves Prabha and he should get her married to Prabha. Prabha is rescued from Nisha's father in time by Nandini, who urges Nisha's father to spare Prabha as both of them love each other. The film ends with Prabha and Nandini getting married.[7]
Aashiq Hoon Baharon Ka	Bollywood	romance	J. Om Prakash	Ashok successfully completes his studies and becomes a M.Sc graduate. His mother wants him to pursue his higher studies in Switzerland, but Ashok hesitates as more money is required. But his mother convinces him and sends him to Switzerland. Ashok stays in the place arranged by the friend of his principal who owns a hotel and also is a step-father of a spoilt Vikram, who hates Ashok. He meets Veera, an arrogant girl who tries to steal his car while on his way to a car race. Ashok wins a car race and sends the money which he won in the race to his mother. Veera's father meets Ashok and proposes a business deal with him in the field of atomic science. Ashok accepts the deal as he requires Uranium to continue his research. Veera and Ashok fall in love, which is disliked by Vikram as he wants to marry her and grab all her property. Hence, he frames a Uranium theft crime with the help of Ashok's assistant. Ashok is jailed by Veera's father and Veera also believes her father. But Ashok proves his innocence by making Vikram accept his acts by himself. Veera pleads guilty for her acts and apologies to Ashok. Veera's father accepts their love on a condition that he should stay in Switzerland forever, to which Ashok refuses and Veera also supports Ashok. Vikram kidnaps Veera and demands a huge sum of money from her father for her release. Veera's father unwillingly seeks Ashok's help to bring back Veera. Ashok fights with Vikram and rescues Veera and both unite finally.
Kaatru Veliyidai	Tamil	romance	Mani Ratnam	The film begins with a shot of the Kargil War showing the advances made by Indian soldiers. An Indian Air Force fighter jet is shot down by the enemy. The pilot Varun Chakrapani aka VC (Karthi) ejects from the hit aircraft and lands in enemy territory. He is promptly surrounded and captured by the Pakistani Army. He is imprisoned in the Rawalpindi prison as a prisoner of war and is subjected to regular torture. While being held captive, he turns to the memories of his time with his former love, Leela (Aditi Rao Hydari). Leela comes to Srinagar to work as a doctor. Meanwhile, VC encounters an accident while on a joy ride. He is brought in a critical condition to the hospital. With the duty doctor not available, Leela takes charge, treats VC, and nurses him back to health. He then gets out of the hospital without her knowledge with the help of Dr. Illyas Hussain (RJ Balaji), a army doctor. When Leela comes to know about it, she and Nidhi (Rukmini Vijayakumar), her colleague confront Illyas about it. Illayas then arranges for Leela and Nidhi to come to a Air force meeting the following week and make them meet VC. VC proposes to her for a coffee in a flight in the Saturday of that week at 5.00pm, which Leela accepts and they both enjoy the ride. Meanwhile, VC gets to know that Leela is the sister of his course pilot, Ravi Abraham, who died in a flight which VC was supposed to go in. Both develop feelings for each other. Later, Leela doesn't get to meet VC for 2 months and questions Illyas about VC's whereabouts. He reveals that VC is in a camp for 3 months at Leh Militarybase. Leela and Nidhi go to meet him. When VC asks whether Leela came to meet him, she says yes, but also the fact that she wanted to see the place where Ravi died. He takes her and she slowly gets to know that VC has a different character other than the lovable one which she has seen. Back to the present, VC and two other Indians plan for an escape from the prison. Back to the past, Leela leaves and he tells her that she'll get couriers from him, in which she did. One day, when she interferes with the discussion in which the officers were doing about the attack, VC tells her that women and men are made for their own purposes by God and she can't talk about this. But, she retaliates by saying that both are equal and women are not only to give birth to children. VC tells Leela to shut up, but she refuses. So, he asks her to do so as he tells her to do. She gets angry and moves out. He goes to her home and tells her that she's all he's got and he loves her so much and that he's not like her, and she is way too higher than him as he kills and she saves. So, VC takes Leela to a local register office and tells her that they should marry. As she is not ready for it, he asks her to think about it and come the next day at 4.00 pm. He leaves to Delhi forgetting about this and she's upset over him as he treats her like a Queen as well as puts her down and smashes her.The next day, she tells him that she's pregnant and as he gets hesitant about it, she says that she'll take care and leaves. The following day, Leela's grandfather dies and he goes there to her house where it is shown that Leela's father hates VC. That night he goes and tries to convince them, but he doesn't even get one word from them. The next day, when he's leaving for the Kargil war, Leela tells him that she's resigning and leaving Srinagar. He pleads for one more chance and leaves. Then he gets captured by Pakistan and put as a prisoner. By some way, VC and the two other prisoners escape and reach India. VC searches for Leela and after 3 years, he finds her and tells her that he's changed and that he's sorry for meeting her, loving her, hurting her and for everything. When he sees Leela's daughter, she asks him to find out whether the daughter looks like him or her for VC's pleasant surprise and is moved. VC tells his daughter that he just did not come over 7 seas but 7 mountains to meet her.VC asks her why didn't she contact him, she says that she was afraid if he wouldn't like Leela or his daughter. They spend a moment of revelation with a hug and Leela says that Rohini (VC's daughter) is his responsibility from there on.
Arya 2	Telugu	romance	Sukumar	The film opens dramatically with Arya (Allu Arjun) being carried into an operation theatre. His friend Ajay (Navdeep) narrates how Arya changed his life. In their childhood, Arya stays in an orphanage where he has no friends or family. By force, he befriends Ajay who also is in that orphanage. From an early age, Arya displays an unusual psychology which sets him apart from the rest of the kids. He is unnaturally possessive about Ajay. However, Ajay is not too fond of his 'friend'. One day, Ajay is adopted by a rich family and happily leaves the orphanage, as well as Arya, behind him. As time passes, he becomes a well-established business tycoon and has his own software company. Meanwhile, Arya grows into a bad boy and tracks Ajay down. His affection towards Ajay doesn't diminish despite the passage of years and he is ready to go to great lengths for the sake of their friendship. Ajay, however, feels ashamed to say that Arya is his friend and avoids him. But Arya convinces him (almost in a threatening manner) that he would be on his best behavior if he be given a job in Ajay's company. Ajay reluctantly agrees with the only condition as: if Arya is proven as a bad boy in the office, he has to leave the company. Thus, Arya artfully converts himself into a Mr. Perfect without any flaws and joins the company. Everyone in the company is instantly fond of Arya, especially Shanti (Shraddha Das) who is madly in love with him. One day, Geetha (Kajal Aggarwal) joins the company and Ajay and Arya both immediately fall in love with her. However, Ajay doesn't express his feelings, but Arya keeps confessing his love to Geetha. Arya does all this in his weird, unusual style, while expertly concealing this from everyone else. Geetha tries to expose Arya but no one is convinced. But one night, Geetha manages to emotionally blackmail Arya into confessing his real character (such as drinking and smoking) in front of the whole staff and proves that he isn't perfect and has a lot of flaws. Arya proposes to Geetha in front of everyone, including Shanti, and in this frustration, she proposes to Ajay, just to irk Arya and get rid of him. Ajay isn't satisfied with this and wants to get rid of Arya for good, so crashes his own (Ajay's) car and weaves a story that Arya has crashed him, in hopes that everyone would accuse Arya and he would be fired. At this juncture, Geetha comes to know that Ajay too loves her. Geetha is touched and reflects on her fondness for Ajay, confusing it for love. She declares that she too reciprocates Ajay's love. On hearing this, Arya undergoes a dramatic transformation. He decides to sacrifice his love and arrange Ajay and Geetha's wedding. However, on the day of their wedding, Geetha is taken away by her family to her hometown. Her father, who is a gang lord in her hometown, wants to marry her off to the son of a rival gang lord in order to resolve the long-lasting conflict between the two gangs. Arya decides to bring her back at any cost for Ajay. He is introduced to her family and he stays at her house amid the preparations for the wedding between her and the rival gang lord's son. Due to a misunderstanding conspired by Arya, the wedding is stopped and Arya is asked to marry Geetha by her father. Arya agrees and justifies this by saying that, had he not accepted, Geetha would be married off to another person, and Ajay can never get her back. After their marriage, Ajay arrives to their town and the trio decide to go away from the place before Geetha's family manage to catch up to them. All this while, Geetha's family has grown really fond of Arya. The three of them stay at a hotel and decide that they must forget all of their worries for Geetha and Ajay would be gone and Arya left alone.During this time, Geetha grows closer to Arya and sympathizes with his feelings. Arya plans for the duo to go to America, but Ajay, unbeknownst to Arya, changes the plan for them to go to Australia, for he fears that Arya will somehow stop them from escaping. As Ajay and Geetha are about to escape, Geetha's father arrives with his entourage and finds them. Ajay is enraged and believes that it is Arya who's called them, but Geetha reveals that she has called them because she believed what they were doing wasn't fair to both Arya and her family, and hoped to talk things out with them instead of betraying their trust. Geetha's father wants her to be with Arya in stead of Ajay, because he realizes how much Arya really treasures and cherishes her. He attempts to stab Ajay, but Arya rescues him and gets stabbed instead. Arya is rushed to the hospital where it is seen that Geetha is truly in love with Arya. At the end, Arya asks Ajay to press a button. Unknowingly, Ajay does so. Suddenly, Arya starts suffocating for the supply of oxygen is stopped. Geetha is beyond angry at Ajay and slaps him for doing so. Having planned all this to make Geetha hate Ajay, Arya then says sorry to Ajay. Ajay just smiles and walks out.
Sedin Dujone	Bengali	romance	Atanu Basu	The focus is on hero Raj (Amitabh Bhattacharya) and not so much on the two heroines Kasturi and Kanchana Moitra. Raj is a famous singer when the film opens. He falls in love with Maria, a Catholic nun-to-be and the two are engaged. Just before they tie the knot, Raj's friend Suman steps in stealthily with the intention of raping her. Kasturi jumps to her death and Raj loses his sanity. The post-interval phase of the mental care home begins the second part of the story where the home's dictatorial proprietor's daughter Sanchita cures Raj. They fall in love and the two could have walked into the sunset with a good end to the film. But the director had other plans and his debut goes almost the Kyon Ki way.[clarification needed]
PoraMon	Bangladeshi	romance	Jakir Hossain Raju	'Sujon' is a reckless boy of 'Sundorpur'. But his father becomes addicted in gambling, which change his life. He started working as a helper of Chander Gari. There he meets with 'Pori' and in time they fall in love with each other. But Pori's mother is not happy about this and she fixes Pori's marriage in another place, which makes Sujon unhappy. He becomes furious destroys Pori's mother cake shop. Pori's mother tries to kill Sujon with a sharp weapon but the villagers stop her. So Pori's mother complains against Sujon in the nearest police station and they arrest Sujon. The police officer Abid likes him which makes it easy for Sujon to flee from the station. Sujon goes to stop the wedding and escape into the forest with Pori. Abid starts to look for them. But in one situation Sujon rescues Abid from danger and saves Abids life. So Abid promises to make their marriage to be happened.[citation needed]
Mon Bole Priya Priya	Bengali	romance	Milan Bhowmik	Arjun (Raaj) travels to the city to seek admission in a college. Rich girl Priya (Pamela) is gifted a car without brakes by her uncle. Priya runs the car over Arjun and Arjun loses his memory. Priya feels sad for Arjun and romance begins to brew between the two. Ashish Vidyarthi plays the role of a good cop.[3]
Nahwa al-Majd (Towards Glory)	Egyptian	romance	Hussein Sedki	Khaled falls in love with his friend Suhair. His father abandoned him and his family for another woman. He struggles to overcome the challenges and finally graduates from Law school. He strives to fight for the right of the workers in Suhair's father's firm. A bitter relationship results between the father and Khalid, but Khalid wins the case. He marries Suhair, who had supported him all along.
Biyer Lagna	Bengali	romance	F. I. Manik	The story begins with a lovestruck Firdaus — he desperately needed to lose a few kilos to look a dapper lover boy — landing up at Rachana’s door only to turn into a match-maker for her elder sister (Satabdi) and his elder brother (Tapas). Once Tapas and Satabdi tie the knot, Firdaus and Rachana spend their time singing around trees in Bengal and Bangladesh.Things go from bad to worse in the second half. Tragedy strikes Tapas-Satabdi’s haven as her in-laws think the new bride is evil personified, shattering the rosy dreams of the newlyweds as well as the lovebirds. Well, that’s reason enough for the sisters to start sobbing non-stop. When they need a break, they mouth pathetic dialogues.The brothers, meanwhile, drown their sorrows in vodka bottles at night, singing sad songs (Jodi na paro bhalobashte amay tobe morey jabo aami!). By day though, Firdaus is fighting fit to beat the baddies to pulp.And just when you thought it was curtain call time with an all’s-well-that-ends-well scene, there’s more melodrama and more tears in store.In true 70’s style, a pregnant Satabdi is then kidnapped by the villain’s men and tied to a revolving bed! More fights follow before the family gets together for the final photo op. Unfortunately, it comes two hours and 45 minutes too late.
Shikar	Bengali	romance	Saran Dutta	An astrologer by profession, Baburam Panja (Shantilal Mukherjee) is the gang-leader of a group of goons who murder people for money. Saheb (Amitabh Bhattacharjee), Hero (Sagnik Chattopadhyay) and Khyapa (Kanchan Mullick) are three skilled members of his group. Police officer Rajesh Yadav (Rajesh Sharma), who knows about the misdeeds of Baburam, hatches a plan to catch him. He gets hold of Saheb, whom he thought as a bait to catch Baburam. In the police station, Saheb was beaten to death. However, later the fact is revealed that the person, whom Rajesh mistook as Saheb, was actually Bimal, his lookalike. Seema (Koel Mallick), Bimal's wife, tried to save him, but was unfortunately sent to a brothel. In the brothel, Seema attempted to commit suicide, but was saved by Reshmi (June Malia) and some other people. On the other hand, Saheb, Khyapa and Hero visited the brothel and came across all the facts that happened with Seema. Saheb, who became extremely wrathful on hearing what happened with the innocent couple, decided to save Seema from Baburam by killing him. Meanwhile, Rajesh came to know about the real incident and his mistake. He became furious upon realizing that Saheb was still alive in the brothel. He again arranges a plot, where he uses Baburam as the bait. He thought that after Saheb kills Baburam, he will kill him too. A dramatic encounter follows the events after the trio kill Baburam, where Khyapa and Hero died and Saheb was released by Rajesh who felt pity for him. A severely injured Saheb returns to the brothel to meet Seema, who in the course of incidents, fell in love with him. The film ends as Saheb and Seema leave the brothel to start a new life together.
Mere Jeevan Saathi	Bollywood	romance	Ravi Nagaish	An eye doctor named Jyoti (Tanuja) arrives in Bombay from London. Gifted painter and playboy Prakash (Rajesh Khanna) falls in love with her, but his past creates problems for him. Princess Kamini (Helen) turns up at Prakash's house drunk and whilst trying to flirt with him, Jyoti arrives and finds them together, storming off. She rejects his attempts to reconcile initially, including his feigning a drug overdose of poison and getting her to arrive and circling her car. Their differences are eventually resolved and he proposes to marry her. Jyoti's father visits Prakash with a bribe and is disgusted with his paintings of the female form and rejects of him. However, after seeing Prakash's religious demonstration, her father apologizes and they start planning the wedding. Prakash has a car accident and becomes a prisoner of Kamini, who finds him and takes him back to her palace. Jyoti is sent a telegram informing them of Prakash's demise and body that was not found. Jyoti and her father mourn his death. The bandages on Prakash's face are removed and he discovers that he is blind. She whips and hits him during captivity and vows to behead him. Jyoti is wooed by another man, Captain Vinod (Sujit Kumar), who buys her gifts and says very similar things to Prakash and she is taken in by him. Prakash eventually escapes when he promises to love Kamini if she takes him into the mountains. He hides behind a rock, and in hunting him, Kamini falls off the mountain and is killed. He makes his way to the road and is eventually picked up by Captain Vinod, who takes Prakash to his father's house, where he learns that his father died a month ago and now has a new occupant. Captain Vinod takes Prakash to his family home where he and his family nurture him and allow him to recuperate. Captain Vinod goes to the hospital and asks Jyoti to visit his family home, where he has a friend in need of her eye care as a personal request. Before she can see Prakash, she leaves in a taxi after Vinod's parents pressure her to become their future daughter-in-law. She arrives home and discovers her father has had a heart attack and overhears her father saying of his desire for his daughter to marry. She swiftly agrees to marry Captain Vinod and the engagement party ensues. Prakash attends the celebration, where he requests to sing. Jyoti sees him performing and starts crying in the distance. Later, Vinod rings Jyoti and informs him that he is sending his friend to her eye hospital. Prakash and Jyoti reconcile, and Prakash undergoes eye surgery by her. While recuperating, Captain Vinod overhears them in the garden and Prakash stating that he wants to love her not as an invalid, but as a normal man. Both men become tormented, Vinod that he has lost the game of love, and Prakash that he doesn't want to ruin Vinod's happiness after all he has done. Despite Prakash vowing to leave, Vinod beats up Prakash, and Jyoti arrives and witnesses it. A battles ensues, and just as Vinod is about to kill Prakash, his father shoots him in the leg. Prakash and Jyoti marry.
Loveria	Bengali	romance	Raja Chanda	Aditya(Soham Chakrabarty) is from a middle-class family but has the degree of a computer engineer.But because of recession he runs a small car garage called Biswakarma Garage where he is the car-mechanic. Aditya's mother(Tulika Basu) is eagerly waiting for the chance to get his son married.One day, while Aditya was returning from his garage,some goons beat him up and breaks his leg without any reason. Later,after Aditya is released form the nursing home, he goes to the goon and find out who told them to beat him up. The goons tell him that Sweety(Puja Bose) told them to beat himup. Aditya ask Sweety why she did so and Sweety says that the goons beat him up by mistake and actually wanted to beat up another guy who is disturbing Sweety. Aditya does not take the matter so lightly and tells Sweet to marry him as because of this accident his marriage got cancelled.Sweety insults Adi after hearing this and Adi promises to take revenge. The next day,while Adi was returning home, Sweety again beats him up badly with a hockey stick. Adi tries to stop him an by chance Sweety hits his leg which was damaged and the leg becomes fine again! Adi then tells Sweety that he has fallen in love with Sweety and she is booked form today. Sweety becomes furious at this. Meanwhile, Sweety's mother visits Adi's garage to fix her car and sees a poster of a film which shows cheap photo of a couple and calls the media in the garage as she was a social worker working for women. She tells that the film should be banned and also the garage to be closed for keeping that kind of a poster there. Adi talks to Sweety's mother against this and says that this film is not as abusive as it is said and that she is over-acting. This makes Sweety's mother furious at Adi and she complains about this to her husband.She also was furious with Adi so she asks for a pistol from her father one day with an intention to murder Adi. Sweety reaches Adi's garage with the pistol and starts shooting at him. Adi manages to escape and he catches Sweety and ties her up with a rope.Sweety still does not accept Adi's love and meanwhile Adi's friends call the police to show how Sweety attempted to murder Adi. But the police arrests Adi with a case of insulting Sweety. The police beats Adi up but Adi tells Sweety that he will not move back from his love. An advocate comes and gets Adi out of police custody.Now, Adi's father is a worker in Shantimoy Mukherjee's custody who is Sweety's father(Rajatava Dutta). Shantimoy calls Adi's father and warns him to stop Adi from going near her daughter. In the meantime,Adi finds Sweety running and a guy running after him. Adi gets the wrong idea that Sweety was also abusing him like she did to Adi. So,Adi and the guy catches Sweety and brings her to a quiet place.There Adi gets to know that the guy was abusing Sweety and telling bad words about her character. After knowing the truth Adi beats the guy up for insulting Sweety. Here, Sweety accepts Adi's love and proposes him. After this,Shantimoy spots Sweety with Adi on the road. Shantimoy tells Sweety not to mix with Adi but Sweety does not listen to her father. So, Shantimoy decides to beat up Adi's father. Sweety gets to know this and informs Adi about this.Adi immediately reaches Shantimoy's cite to save his father and finds him getting beat. Adi saves his father and tells Shantimoy that he will be the one to marry Sweety. Shantimoy tells Adi that he is giving him an offer which is if he can earn 10% of what Shantimoy earns, he will surely get Sweety married to her. Adi does not agree to this condition and gives Shantimoy another bumper offer that by 6 months Adi will make Shantimoy as poor as his father and will take revenge of every hit which hit his father. Sweety supports Adi to this. After this, Adi finds out about how much property and land Shantimoy owns. After finding this out,Adi tricks Shantimoy into sending all his money and his wife's jewellery outside and Adi takes them away. He also finds out about another secret family Shantimoy has which nobody knows about. He tells the truth to his secret wife and son and his secret son(Aritra Dutta Banik) comes into Shantimoy's current house and family and tells the truth in front of the media and Shantimoy's reputation is spoiled. After this, Adi also takes Shantimoy's assistant and his Swiss bank Account's client into his team and tricks Shantimoy into giving away 300 Million for buying the Victoria Memorial to build a casino there from the Chief-Minister,Kaka(Dipankar De).But actually the Chief Minister gets only 1 Crore and sells an old haunted house-Victoria Palace to Shantimoy. The rest of the money is divided between the Swiss Bank Account Client(Biswanath Basu) and the rest of the money is kept in Adi's garage.After this,Shantimoy is thrown out of his house and all his property and land is occupied. The only property left,near the Airport is transformed into a temple. In depression, Shantimoy suffers a heart-attack and Sweety gets worried about her father's health. She requests Adi to stop all this but Adi refuses to do so. Sweety gets angry with Adi but later understands and again stays by his side. In the meantime, Shantimoy calls a famous goon and fisherman, Karthis Das a.k.a. MEchho Karthik to kill Adi and bring back all his property. Mechho Karthik agrees to do so but asks for Sweety's hand in marriage in return. Sweety does not agree to this marriange but Shantimoy finalizes the deal with Karthik. At night, Karthik breaks up the temple in Shantimoy's property and Adi's friends records the video and gives it to the police and Karthik is arrested for breaking up other's property. Later, Shantimoy is arrested for running a chitfun and taking money from the workers illegally. But, Karthik is released from the jail and he decides to kill Adi and marry Sweety. Sweety gets scared and informs Adi about it. Adi ensures Sweety about her safety and tricks Karthik and beats him up. The film ends as Shantimoy is released from jail and Adi telling him that all his property is still his but everything was just a play to trick him. Shantimoy and Adi's family get together and Adi and Sweety is married.[1]
Mumbai-Pune-Mumbai	Marathi	romance	Satish Rajwade	The story revolves around two characters, a boy (Swwapnil Joshi) from Pune and a girl (Mukta Barve) from Mumbai, whose names are not revealed. Barve is shown to arrive in Pune to meet a prospective groom (whom she has already decided to decline), and inadvertently comes across Joshi to ask for directions to the prospective groom (who is referred to as ‘हृदयमर्दम (Hridaymardyam)’ after the name of his residential colony). She finds the place, but seeing the door locked, checks out the neighbouring houses to find his whereabouts, but is turned away by the neighbour. She calls up her relative in Mumbai via a public phone (her mobile having run out of battery) and decides to spend the day in Pune, waiting for Hridaymardyam to show up. She bumps into Joshi again, and asks him directions to the nearest coffee shop. Joshi offers her a ride instead, and she being new in town, agrees, if only to save the hassle of searching for an address again; and they end up having coffee together. In the coffee shop, the two debate about their respective hometowns and constantly try to boast about their own city. She is exasperated by his constant chatter, but they share a curious chemistry nevertheless. Between bouts of incessant culture-bashing, they share their life-stories and little secrets (such as him disclosing about his virginity or she telling him about her boyfriend back in Mumbai). She says that since ‘Hridaymardyam’ has made her wait for him, now she shall meet him at her own leisure. Saying so she asks Joshi to accompany her to a famous local garden-temple, Sarasbaug after which they proceed to the local and famous ‘Tulshi Baug’ market, and other local attractions thereafter. The duo are shown to begin understanding each other closely, sharing intimate details about their respective love-lives and cultural upbringing, as also their viewpoints on a variety of subjects. Through all of this, Joshi mysteriously never leaves her company, and neither does Barve, despite many scenarios where both could have gone their separate ways. In one instance she tries to call Hridaymardyam from Joshi’s cellphone, but the number is shown to be engaged. Thinking nothing of it, and deciding to return without meeting him, she spends the remaining day with Joshi, until it is time to leave for Mumbai. Finally arriving at the station, Barve hands over a written note to Joshi, explaining her reason for not wanting to marry Hridaymardyam, and asks Joshi to deliver it to him. They both bid their farewells, where they finally for the first time ask each other their names. As Barve identifies herself as just ‘Mumbai’, Joshi befittingly replies ‘Pune’. They take each other’s leave, but not before ‘Pune’ asks her to return his mobile handset which she had earlier kept in her handbag. When asked for his phone number, Joshi mystically replies असंही आपण पुन्हा भेटणार नाही ; त्यापेक्षा आजचा दिवस ठेव की आठवणीत ! (Asahi apan punha bhetnar nahi, tyapeksha aajcha divas thev ki aathvanit!) (We’re never going to meet ever again as it is, let’s just remember this day in our memories!); and refuses to give his number. As he exits the station, ‘Mumbai’ at last receives a call from Hridaymardyam, who asks her to meet her outside the station; her train due to leave in 15 minutes, she agrees and comes out to the parking lot to find ‘Pune’ unable to start his bike, but no sign of Hridaymardyam yet. When she explains why she is outside instead of on the platform waiting for her train, ‘Pune’ expresses surprise and teases her over her eagerness to meet Hridaymardyam, and rightly declares that he is sure she has changed her mind about not wanting to marry him, making her blush. However, Hridaymardyam does not show up, and when she asks 'Pune' for his phone to call him again, he tells her to look in the dialled list, the second entry below her number. She dials and gets a busy tone again, and decides to leave, having already left the note in Joshi’s possession. But in a split second of realization, she turns back and asks him how did he have her number in his dialled list if she never ever gave it to him? To which he replies ते फारसं महत्वाचं नाहीये ! तू हा विचार कर की त्याच नंबरवरून तोच नंबर कसा काय लागेल ? (Te faarsa mahatvacha nahiye. Tu haa vichar kar ki tyach number varun toch number kasaky laagel?) (That is not important. What you should think about is ‘how can a person one call a cell phone from that same cell phone’?); revealing that he himself is, in fact, Hridaymardyam, the one she had originally come to meet and ended up unknowingly spending the entire day with. As she digests this new information, he explains how she approached him in the morning and asked him directions to his own address, and how he decided to try out this new way to date a girl. He then proclaims his love for her, and asks her to marry him. She says she will think about it (her blushes clearly indicating it is a ‘yes’), and runs away to the platform to catch the moving train. The closing scene shows Joshi (aka ‘Pune’ aka Hridaymardyam) rushing in behind her, and the credits roll.
Ekk Deewana Tha	Bollywood	romance	Gautham Menon	Sachin Kulkarni (Prateik Babbar) is a student of mechanical engineering in Mumbai who aspires to become a filmmaker. His friend introduces him to cinematographer Anay (Manu Rishi). With Anay's help, Sachin becomes an assistant to director Ramesh Sippy. Sachin's family, who are Marathi Brahmins, rent Jessie Thekekuttu's (Amy Jackson) house. Jessie is from a conservative Malayali Syrian Catholic Nasrani family from Alappuzha, Kerala, that lives upstairs. Sachin falls in love with Jessie the moment he meets her. Sachin tries to interact with Jessie, who is afraid of speaking to men around her strict father, and ends up angering Jessie. Unable to hide his feelings for her any longer, Sachin confesses his love for her, to which she does not respond. A few days later, Sachin learns from his sister that Jessie has gone to Kerala to visit her grandmother. He, along with Anay, ends up in Kerala to look for her. After several days, he finds her, apologises and she introduces him to her family in Kerala as her classmate. Jessie denies she has any feelings for him, but agrees to be his friend. On the train journey back home, however, the two get closer and share a passionate kiss. Sachin is convinced Jessie loves him; the two meet several times and Jessie begins to admit that she also likes Sachin, but wants to refrain from any problems because she knows her father wouldn't give her hand in marriage to a Hindu. Consequently, due to various misunderstandings between Jessie's brother and Sachin, her parents learn of their supposed affair. They fix a match and schedule her wedding. The day arrives and midway through the ceremony, Jessie refuses to marry the groom, displeasing everyone in her family. Sachin, who had, without anyone's knowledge, come to Kerala to witness the wedding is ecstatic and secretly visits Jessie at her home. It is then that Jessie admits she has indeed fallen in love with him. Sachin and Jessie continue to love each other without the knowledge of their parents. At this point of time, Sachin goes to Goa on a 40-day shoot, where he gets busy. Meanwhile, the topic of Jessie's marriage comes up again at her home when the guy whom she refused to marry earlier pays them a visit. Panicking, Jessie calls Sachin and tells him that she wants to elope with him. Sachin, who he is travelling through less than ideal places, tells Jessie to stay in Mumbai for now, and that soon he would be back and they can discuss. Jessie stops taking Sachin's calls and so he goes back one night to check on Jessie. He comes to know that Jessie has decided to break up, as the relationship is not peaceful due to her parents' disapproval. She says she has agreed to get married to a boy of her parents' choice. When Sachin pleads her not to do it, she tells him that a time had come when she was willing to elope, but the moment was gone. She doesn't want Sachin to wait for her, as he has his dreams to fulfill. Sachin later comes to know that she is married and settled abroad. Two years later, Sachin meets Samantha (Samantha Ruth Prabhu). She falls in love with him, but is rejected by Sachin who feels that he hasn't yet gotten over Jessie. He then comes up with a script for his first film, which happens to be his very own love story. He calls upon an actor (Ashwin Kakumanu) as the film's protagonist, Samantha as the female lead and Anay as the film's cinematographer, and the film is eventually titled Jessie. While shooting for the film in Taj Mahal, he sees Jessie and she comes to speak with him. She admits that she is not married and is still in love with him, and he too says she is still in his heart. Sachin proposes yet again and they get married the same day. This is actually revealed to be the end scene in Sachin's film – which Sachin and Jessie in real life are watching together in the theatre. After the film ends, Jessie praises Sachin for his efforts and the latter agrees to drop her home, implying that they are reunited.
Priyasakhi	Tamil	romance	K. S. Adhiyaman	Sandhana Krishnan (Madhavan), also known as Sakhi, is an automobile company employee who lives in a joint family. He comes across a model named Priya (Sadha) and becomes attracted to her. He steals her diary and creates situations for them to come into contact with each other. Soon the two fall in love and get married. Unlike Sakhi's family, Priya's family is 'cosmopolitan' and outgoing. Her mother (Aishwarya) is a party going socialite, while her father (Pratap K. Pothen) restricts himself to his house and is ruled over by his wife. Priya is accustomed to going out with friends and does not spend much time with her family. Brought up in such a situation, Priya finds it hard to adjust to the family of Sakhi, since they are more traditional and homely. Sakhi tries to make his wife understand the importance of family but is unsuccessful. Eventually, Priya becomes pregnant. Sakhi overjoyed but Priya has doubts, as she feels she is too young to be a mother. Priya brings up her feeling of not wanting to be a mother with Sakhi. He tells her that he loves her and loves their unborn child and wants the pregnancy to go ahead. He also tells her that he has already informed his family about the baby. Priya is furious since she believes that Sakhi's family have no right to be involved in their life. Priya's mother makes an appointment for her to have an abortion. Sakhi finds out in time and rushes to the hospital where a reluctant Priya is being pulled towards the operation theatre by her mother. Priya is injured at the hospital in an accident and Sakhi takes her back to his home to recover. Priya finds her old diary in Sakhi's suitcase, and the two have an argument in which she accuses him of tricking her into loving him. She leaves to go to her parents' house and expresses her desire to get divorced, and also to have full custody of the child. Sakhi challenges her decision and takes her to court. The judge rules that Priya will have to have the baby after which, custody goes to Sakhi. Sakhi moves into Priya's parents' house with her in order to take care of his unborn child, claiming he doesn't trust them, as they might try to abort his baby. After delivery, Priya moves back in with Sakhi's family for a period of two months, to feed and care for the child. As time passes, Priya becomes extremely attached to the child and is unwilling to leave. She eventually agrees to give full custody to Sakhi since she sees how much he loves the baby. Heartbroken, Priya leaves with her parents. In the car, her mother happily speaks of another possible husband for Priya. She is devastated since she still loves Sakhi and does not want to leave her baby. Finally fed up, Priya's father stands up to his wife and encourages Priya to reconcile with her husband. Priya jumps out of the car and stands on the road, unsure of what to do and where to go. Sakhi, who has been following them, meets her in the street. The two ask each other for forgiveness and reconcile.
Current	Telugu	romance	Surya Pratap	Sushshu [Sushanth] is a happy-go-lucky college student whose philosophy of life is summed up as Forget Yesterday, Enjoy Today & Worry Not about Tomorrow which keeps him happy but worries his parents to no end. A transfer brings the entire family to Hyderabad where he flips for his college classmate Sneha on day one. A determined Sushanth woos her successfully and we are treated to a couple of songs in the bargain. Now, Sneha's philosophy of life runs totally opposite of Sushanth and very soon reality sets in. His attitude ruins his marriage prospects with Sneha and they end up separating. The second half of the movie is all about how they try to fall out of love while making compromises to their philosophies. As expected, it ends well with both accepting that Love is above everything else in life!!![1]
Hridayer Shabdo	Bengali	romance	Sushanta Pal Choudhury	The story of the film revolves around a man, his children and their respective love lives.[4]
Man of the World	American	romance	Richard Wallace	In 1930's Paris, American Michael Trevor (William Powell) poses as a novelist but is actually a former newspaper man who took the fall for some scam in the States and had to flee the country. Embittered, he now prints a weekly scandal sheet and blackmails expats to keep their names out of his rag. While extorting $2000 from the wealthy Harry Taylor (Guy Kibbee) (a scam done so smoothly that Harry thinks Michael a great friend who has done him a big favor), Michael meets Harry's niece, Mary Kendall (Carole Lombard), and the two feel an instant mutual attraction. Mary has a boyfriend, Frank Reynolds (Lawrence Gray), but she is not passionate about him. Michael's partners in crime are Irene Hoffa (Wynne Gibson) and Fred (George Chandler). Irene is a former flame who is still not over Michael. She needs money to keep her brother out of prison and proposes that they extort more money from Harry by embroiling Mary in a scandal. Michael resists - he has a rule never to target women - but then reluctantly agrees. While Frank is away on business, Michael spends time with Mary and they fall in love. She tries to write a breakup letter to Frank, but is unable to finish it. Worried that Mary would not love him if she knew who he really is, Michael tells her his whole life story. Mary says that it is all in the past; they love each other and nothing else matters. Michael tells Irene that he and Mary are going to be married and that he is done with his life of crime. Irene says that someday his past will come out and Mary will then be the wife of a criminal. These words weigh on Michael and he realizes that, for her own sake, he cannot marry Mary. Michael tells Harry that he was behind the earlier scam and demands a further $10,000 or he will print a piece about his planned wedding to Mary. Harry is angry and Mary is hurt and confused, but Michael is determined to go ahead with his scheme. Harry pays him off with a check and Mary collapses in tears. After seeing how much Michael cares for Mary, Irene decides to instead get the money needed for her brother by selling her jewelry. She also tells the police that Michael is behind the scandal sheet and they give him 24 hours to leave France. Mary and Frank sail back to Pittsburgh, a conspicuous engagement ring on her hand. Michael heads to Capetown, and agrees to let Irene come along. Aboard ship, he tears up the $10,000 check.
Caravan	Bollywood	romance	Nasir Hussain	The film is an action thriller about a young woman, Sunita (Asha Parekh) and her father Mohandas (Murad), who finds out that his trusted employee, Rajan (Krishen Mehta), has been embezzling money from him. He confronts him and Rajan attacks him, flinging him out of the window of the multi-storied building, but the police think that the death was accidental. This leaves the coast clear for Rajan to wed Mohandas' only daughter, Sunita. Sunita is distraught and ends up married to this wrong man, Rajan. Shortly after the wedding, Sunita finds out the truth. She thinks that Rajan has conspired with his girlfriend Monica (Helen) to murder her. So she runs away to find her father's old friend in Bangalore, who may be able to help. On the way, she experiences an accident and ends up with a band of performing gypsies. She meets caravan van-driver Mohan (Jeetendra) and she is attracted towards him. Sunita does not know that she has put herself in danger again - this time at the hands of knife-thrower, Nisha (Aruna Irani), who loves Mohan, and will kill anyone who gets in her way. To make matters worse, Rajan has not given up his search for Sunita.
Uncharted Seas	American	romance	Wesley Ruggles	As described in a film magazine,[3] after her drunken husband Tom Eastman (Gerard) brings home three cabaret women, Lucretia (Lake) can no longer bear the abuse and turns to arctic explorer Frank Underwood (Valentino), who has long loved her and promised to come whenever she needs his help. Urging her husband to become a man and do something worth wile, Lucretia goes with him to the North seas in search of a treasure ship. Tom becomes panic stricken and turns back, while she goes on with Frank, who is on the same mission in his own ship. The two fight against temptation and win, and when their ship is destroyed on the ice they set off to civilization with a dog sled. They are saved by a government cruiser.
Bikhare Moti	Bollywood	romance	Tapi Chanakya	Sulochana (Kamini Kaushal) is a young mother who accepts forced widowhood and has to leave her home with her two sons. She gets involved in an accident while saving the life of a millionaires only daughter Leela and ends up losing her two sons. The millionaire, by his will, names Sulochana as the guardian of Leela before his death. Fate ordains her sons Anand (Jeetendra) and Gopi (Sujit Kumar) to grow up in totally different environments. Anand gets rescued by Inspector Ram Prakash and grows up to be a police officer, while Gopi grows up to be a notorious criminal. Unaware of their relationship, Gopi and Anand become arch enemies when they both fall in love with Leela (Babita). Gopi sets out to end Anand and takes the help of Jeevan, a murderer released from jail. Fate pits the two brothers against each other where only one can survive. Will the scattered family unite or burn up in blinding rage?
Sabah	Canadian	romance	Ruba Nadda	Sabah is a 40-year-old single immigrant from Syria living in Toronto with her family. She is responsible for her mother's well-being. Since her father's death, her brother Majid has been the family authority figure. His niece, Souhaire, does not want him choosing her husband. His marriage is rocky, and he insists on tradition. Sabah decides to start swimming again; an activity not allowed by Majid. At a city swimming pool she meets Stephen; they're attracted to each other. Because he's not a Muslim, Sabah hides their friendship from her family. With passage of time, their relationship gets deep and at one point they share a kiss. Sabah's niece teaches her belly dancing which Sabah enjoys. One day, while visiting Stephen at his carpenter workshop, she decides to stay overnight with him. Informing her mother that she won't be back that night, she dances and has sex with him. The next day, as she returns home, she faces her mother, brother, sister, sister-in-law and niece who are anxiously waiting for her. After some hesitation, she tells them the truth about her doings in the last few months. Majid responds by announcing that Sabah is no longer a part of the family, as Muslim traditions forbid marriage for Muslim women to non-Muslims. Sabah leaves and Majid decides to take care of their mother. At Stephen's workshop, Sabah is met by her mother, sister and sister-in-law who insist that she speak to Majid. Majid tells her that the money their father left had run out eight years ago and he is supporting the family himself. Eventually both agree that the family must change. The women of the family are impressed by Stephen and his deep blue eyes. The film ends with a feast at Sabah's family home. Stephen is mingling with his in-laws and everyone is having a good time. Young stated that Sabah's family previously had drawn a hard line so the [T]urnaround ending, though comically inevitable, seems dramatically forced.[2]
Angel Eyes	American	romance	Luis Mandoki	On a wet rainy night in Chicago, police officer Sharon Pogue is at the scene of a serious traffic accident holding the hand of one of the victims, pleading that he hold on and not give up. One year later, Sharon is frustrated with the men she dates, and has become estranged from her family for having her father arrested for beating her mother Josephine. Her father and brother, Larry, have never forgiven her, and her anger is affecting her police work. A man known only as Catch wanders the streets of Chicago in a trance-like state, doing good deeds for strangers and neighbors. One day he sees Sharon at a diner and watches her from across the street, and she notices him watching her. Just then a car pulls up and blasts the diner with machine gun fire, and Sharon and her partner chase after the criminals. Sharon catches up with one criminal and in the ensuing struggle, he gets her gun and shoots her twice in the chest. Seeing that she is protected by her bulletproof vest, he prepares to shoot her in the head, but Catch jumps the man and knocks the gun away, saving her life. That night, Sharon and Catch meet at a tavern and have a drink. A grateful Sharon tries to learn more about Catch, but he does not talk about himself. Sharon invites him to her apartment, and after some awkward moments between the two, they share a kiss. Catch abruptly stops and leaves the apartment, leaving Sharon confused. The next evening Sharon finds a dandelion taped to her mailbox with Catch's phone number. She calls and awkwardly invites him to breakfast at a coffee shop the next morning. When Sharon wakes up, she has second thoughts and calls Catch to cancel their breakfast date. Catch is already at the coffee shop and never gets the message. Upset at being stood up, he goes to Sharon's apartment and criticizes her for not showing up for her appointment, and then storms out. Sharon follows him to his nearly empty apartment. Surprised at the living conditions, she demands to know more about him, but Catch refuses to reveal anything about his past. He only says that he is starting from scratch. Following the advice of his mother-in-law Elanora, Catch calls Sharon and apologizes, and the two continue seeing each other. They go on a lakeside picnic in a state park and share a romantic swim, after which they make passionate love on the shore. In the coming days, Catch is there to comfort her after a family confrontation. His positive influence begins to show in her police work. One night they go to a blues club, and after the band has played a number, Catch notices a trumpet sitting on the bandstand. He picks up the trumpet and starts to play a soulful version of the tune Nature Boy. As they're leaving, the owner approaches him, calling him Steve Lambert, and asking where's he's been. Catch denies even knowing the man and walks away. The next day, Sharon investigates the name Steven Lambert in the police files and discovers that he is the man whose hand she held at the site of a traffic accident a year earlier, and that Catch's wife and child died in the accident. She goes to the house he abandoned after the accident and learns that he was a jazz musician and that the accident occurred on his son's birthday, causing Catch to create a mental block. Wanting to help Catch heal from his emotional wounds, she tries to talk to him about the accident and takes him to the cemetery to see the graves of his family, but he gets very upset and walks away. Sharon visits Elanora who is actually Catch's former mother-in-law. Sharon is looking for some way of helping the man she loves, and Elanora encourages patience and tells Sharon that Catch will find his way in his own time. At her parents' wedding vow renewal ceremony, Sharon tries talking to her father but he tells her that he feels like he doesn't have a daughter. As Sharon starts to leave, she stops and tells the videographer a wonderful story about her father playing with her and her brother when they were children. She is deeply moved by this memory. Her father overhears it and is also emotionally affected, but when Sharon looks at him, he turns away. Meanwhile, Catch finally goes to the cemetery and talks to his deceased wife and child, explaining how he remembers all the wonderful moments they shared. As Sharon leaves the reception, she sees Catch waiting by her car. They embrace and profess their love for each other. As they prepare to leave, Catch tells her that he'll drive.
Kalabha Kadhalan	Tamil	romance	Igore	Newly married couple Akhilan (Arya) and Anbarasi (Renuka Menon) shift to their new house in Chennai. They live a happy life, even though their marriage was not love based at first. Soon, Anbarasi's family came to visit them and left Anbarasi's sister Kanmani (Akshaya) as she wants to pursue her studies in multimedia. As Kanmani stays with her sister and brother-in-law in the same house, she begins to develop feelings for Akhilan. She adores him even though it's her own sister's husband. Kanmani continues to romance with Akhilan whenever her sister is not around. Akhilan doesn't want to hurt his beloved wife who has now given birth. Akhilan seeks advice from a doctor on how to solve his problem. The doctor tells him to try and marry Kanmani off to her male cousin. Following Akhilan's advice, the male cousin goes after Kanmani, threatening her to love him and marry him. She rejects him, and this makes him furious. One day, he kidnaps Kanmani who was on the way from temple, raped her, and left her at Akhilan's apartment. This shocks everyone in the family, especially Akhilan, as he was the one brought him here. He admits to Kanmani about his action, and also told that the raping plan was not Akhilan's advice. He himself didn't except this. The whole family forces her to marry the cousin, in order to 'save face'. The next morning, Kanmani committed suicide and died. Akhilan and Anbarasi, with their infant, go back to her village. Anbarasi's aunt hits Kanmani's husband as she thinks it was because of him Kanmani died. Akhilan, standing right beside him, was all over guilty because it was him who planned all this to avoid Kanmani disturbing his married life.
Iddarammayilatho	Telugu	romance	Puri Jagannadh	Central Minister (Rao Ramesh), is facing accusations over possessing black money of one hundred thousand crore, and money laundering it into Europe, through his un-suspecting daughter, Akanksha (Catherine Tresa), a psychology student who goes to Barcelona to pursue higher education. Akanksha finds a diary in her flat in Barcelona, and out of curiosity she starts reading the book which unfolds the romantic drama between Sanju Reddy (Allu Arjun) and Komali Shankaraabharanam (Amala Paul). Akanksha gets engaged in Paris with her father's hench man (Shawar Ali). Incidentally, she runs into Sanju Reddy, and gets to know him. Sanju is an engineer turned lead guitarist of a music band, and makes his living through stage and street performances. As narrated in the diary, Komali comes from an orthodox Telugu Brahmin family, as is interested in classical music, and ends up learning the violin, at a musical school in Barcelona under fiddle-professor, Brahma (Brahmanandam). In a twist of fate, she falls in love with Sanju and gets approval for their inter caste marriage, from their parents in India. Komali unknowingly gets caught after a video footage that she accidentally shot while Akanksha's father's henchman (Shawar Ali) kills the Spanish ambassador (Damien Mavis), in the process of money laundering. Sanju saves Komali from these henchmen, on a couple of occasions; this is where the story in the diary ends abruptly. Out of curiosity, Akanksha starts questioning Sanju about their love story and in the process ends up with disturbing facts. On continuous asking by Akanksha, Sanju tells her that Komali is dead. It is then shown in flashback that for fixing the marriage of Sanju and Komali, their parents had come to Spain. It was at that time that Komali is kidnapped by Shawar Ali's brother Subba Raju and when Sanju comes to save her, Komali is murdered by Subba Raju. In a fit of rage, Sanju bashes up the whole gang and Subba Raju goes into coma. On hearing this, Akanksha feels pity for Sanju and falls in love with him. She also tries to bring Sanju out of the memory of Komali but in vain. Meanwhile, Akanksha spots Komali crossing a street. Akanksha runs to Sanju to tell him about Komali and at that time, Sanju gets surrounded by the men of Shawar Ali. Sanju while bashing up Shawar Ali's men, tells Akanksha that it was his plan to trap Akanksha in his love to avenge the death of his and Komali's parents at the hands of Shawar Ali. It is then shown in flashback that after beating up Subba Raju, Sanju had taken the body of Komali to hospital, from where Sanju's father (Nassar) calls up the Central Minister to arrest Shawar Ali in Spain, after watching the video footage. The minister then calls up Shawar Ali to finish off this trouble in order to save himself. Shawar Ali, then goes to the hospital and kills Sanju's parents as well as Komali's parents and shoots Sanju and Komali and they are presumed dead. However, Sanju and Komali do not die. It is then revealed that Sanju has been waiting all this time to get his revenge and has made Akanksha his pawn in this game and it was he who faxed their photo in order to make Shawar Ali jealous, so that Shawar Ali will come himself to kill Sanju. Later it is revealed that Komali is not dead and they both wanted to avenge their parents death. Sanju and Komali lives happily and Akanksha lives alone.
Rathinirvedam (രതിനിർവ്വേദം)	Malayalam	romance	T. K. Rajeev Kumar	Pappu (Sreejith Vijay) stays in his mother's house after completing high school, awaiting results. During his stay, he falls in love with Rathi (Shweta Menon), a woman elder to him. The boy is very deeply in love with Rathi and shows his love in different ways. He keeps visiting the snake temple to see Rathi. There are many scenes in which Pappu expresses his love. Rathi also sees him as friend but, after some time, she realizes his love. After some problems, the two families know about the love issue. They forbid them to see each other. Before the climax Rathi meets Pappu in the sarppakavu (snake temple). In the rain, Pappu seduces Rathi. Rathi does not agree at first, but as Pappu keeps advancing she can no longer stop herself and succumbs while pappu smooches and pressed her hips harder. However, after making love to Pappu, Rathi is bitten by a snake. Pappu offers to take her home, but she refuses saying that people would find out that they were alone in the temple. She goes home and starts crying loudly. Pappu watches all this helplessly. Rathi's mother, hearing her scream, comes into the room and asks her why she was crying. Rathi tells her that a snake has bitten her. The whole family carries Rathi to the hospital. Pappu watches all this secretly. The next day, Pappu is ready to go to his college. His relative takes him to the bus stop. There Pappu sees Rathi's family carrying her dead body. Pappu is engulfed by grief when he sees her dead body being carried in procession. He is shoved into a bus by his uncle. The film ends with Pappu crying as Rathi's body passes near the window of the bus.
The King's Vacation	American	romance	John G. Adolfi	Phillip (Arliss), the figurehead monarch of an unnamed country, is unharmed in an assassination attempt. In a conversation with his attempted murderer, Anderson, it becomes clear that the king's sympathies are with the downtrodden people. As unrest builds, Phillip abdicates to avoid bloodshed. Phillip had come to the throne unexpectedly 18 years before, and had been forced to give up his commoner wife Helen (Gateson) and their infant daughter and marry Margaret (played by Arliss's real-life wife Florence). He is prepared to remain married, but Margaret (aware of his lost love) informs him that she too had someone she loved. She refuses to reveal the man's identity, referring to him only as Mr. X. His conscience salved, he is free to seek out Helen. He finds her wealthy and, in an ironic twist, she has made it clear to their daughter Millicent that she believes that Millicent's love, mechanic and inventor John Kent, is too far beneath her socially to marry. Phillip is favorably impressed by John, but is unable to persuade Helen to change her mind. When Helen wants a tiara, Phillip reluctantly goes to purchase it (despite its resemblance to a crown). On the trip, he encounters Margaret and visits her. He is pleasantly surprised by many things he never knew about her, and misses the last train back to Helen's mansion. He sends a wire notifying Helen; she decides to attend a party anyway, escorted by longtime admirer Barstow. On the way back, Barstow informs her that, with the impending marriage, he is going away. Meanwhile, the royalists are ready to seize back the country, with the army and navy at their side. However, Phillip refuses to participate. When Barstow comes to bid Helen farewell for the last time, she is shocked, having believed he was only joking. Phillip sees that she is truly in love with Barstow, and suggests they call off the wedding. Then he goes to see Margaret. Having ascertained that she has received no visits from her supposed lost love (and suspecting that she made him up), he announces himself as Mr. X.
Love O2O	Chinese	romance	Zhao Tianyu	Xiao Nai is a gaming expert, who is also the most popular student on campus. One day, he comes across the campus goddess Bei Wei Wei and it was love at first sight. However, it was not Wei Wei's looks that he noticed, but her skill mastery of the online RPG game that they both play. Now, Xiao Nai must use his skills both in real life and online to capture Wei Wei's heart. But does their love have the EXP to succeed, or will this relationship never level up?
To Noora with Love	Malayalam	romance	Babu Narayanan	The movie revolves around a Muslim couple Noorjahan (Mamta Mohandas) aka Noora and Shahjahan (Krish J. Sathaar) .The movie begins showing Noora in the hospital for delivery. It seems that she is having some complications. Depressed Shahjahan goes away from the hospital just only to meet with an accident hitting his head to a stone. The movie takes a flashback. Noorjahan is a social activist, who also wins 1 crore rupees from the game show Crorepati to offer it to the orphanage. And Shahjahan is a Sufi singer. She uses Phone-a-Friend lifeline, and calls Shahjahan to help her answer the last question which was based on Sufi singers, to which he gives her the correct answer. Soon it is telecasted on the TV. From that day onwards Shahjahan tries to meet Noora whom he has never met. Finally she falls in love and proposes Shahjahan in a public mall for marriage. In the wedding ceremony of Dr.Sreeparvathi (Archana Kavi) Noora's close and childhood friend Shahjahan kisses Noora to teach her a lesson for insulting him in public, in front of everyone to which all blame Noora for this. Shahjahan regrets and asks Noora to forgive and finally both get married with a lot of celebrations. One day Noora and her friends along with their husbands go on an outing and while Noora and Shahjahan are boating Noora faints and falls into water it is revealed that she is pregnant.After somedays blood comes out of Noora's nose .But Dr.Sajan Varghese (Nedumudi Venu) tells the couple to abort the child as Noora was suffering from DCM (Dilated Cardiomyopathy) causing her heart to work slowly which may create complications during the delivery and even death. But the couple decide to continue with her pregnancy and leaves the rest in God's hands. Finally the delivery date comes and Noora is admitted to the hospital. The whole town prays for Noora as she was good activist. Now the movie comes back to Shahjahan's accident. Shahjahan has got severe head injury. By God's grace Noora and her baby are out of danger. Both Shahjahan and Noora are in the same ICU room. And seeing Shahjahan injured her health becomes critical. The doctor advises the family to get a heart donor as Noora's heart has to be tranplanted immediately within 48 hours. Finally a donor is found and Noora is alright. When the media asks the doctors about the donor's name Dr.Varghese replies that he is a man who loved Noora and touched her heart who comes out to be Brother James (Ramesh Pisharody).
Nee Manasu Naaku Telusu	Telugu	romance	Jyoti Krishna	Sridhar (Tarun) is a final year degree student and gets selected in the campus selections. He goes to Mumbai for an interview and while returning finds Preeti (Trisha) and loses his heart to her. Sridhar comes to know that Preeti was about to join in degree college and Preeti learns that he was a final year degree student. Sridhar is an ardent cricket fan, so is Preeti, while Sridhar is also a good football player. The principal of the college appoints a coach called Reshma (Shreya), who is also a student, for the football team led by Sridhar. Sridhar tries his best to trace Preeti by visiting several women's colleges, while Preeti also watches for Sridhar at men's college. Incidentally, Preeti helps Sridhar's mother, when she had a heart attack. In order to find Preeti, Sridhar goes to the LB Stadium where a cricket match is in progress and gets injuries in a bomb blast in the stadium. Just before the blast, both Preeti and Sridhar see each other but are not able to meet due to the blast. Later Preeti's parents convince her to agree for a marriage and tell her to forget about the boy she was searching. At the same time, Sridhar's mother also tells him to concentrate on studies and go abroad to further his studies. At this juncture, Sridhar learns that Preeti is staying just behind his house, when her parents come to his house to inform the family of Preeti's marriage. Sridhar's friends participate in an inter-college football match and win the cup. Before his return, Sridhar's mother suffers yet another heart attack and Preeti's father admits her in the hospital. Then they come to know that Sridhar's brother-in-law was behind bars for no fault of his and Preeti helps him to come out of the case. Meanwhile, Sridhar's mother passes away. Later Sridhar's brother-in-law gets another job and the family leaves for Bangalore. Sridhar feels lonely and he decides to go abroad. After three years, Sridhar returns from abroad to find Preeti in the same compartment. To his surprise, Preeti is still unmarried and they unite.
Sillunu Oru Kaadhal	Tamil	romance	N. Krishna	Kundavi (Jyothika) was brought up in a small village called Ambasamudram. She, along with her two friends, decide to have a love marriage. However she is not so successful. Her father arranges her marriage to Gautham (Surya Sivakumar) against her wishes. Both look gloomy during the wedding due to obvious reasons. Six years later in Mumbai they have a 5-year-old daughter Ishwarya 'Ishu' Gautham (Shriya Sharma) and live as a happily married couple. Gautham works as the chief mechanic at an automobile company and goes to New York City for a short period. During this time, Kundavi comes across Gautham's old college diary. Gautham wanted to be an engineer from a young age and forced his father's brother to pay for a seat in Coimbatore for automobile engineering. From the second year of college he is the don. In college, he is attracted to Ishwarya (Bhumika Chawla), whose father is a Coimbatore MP. Gautham and Ishwarya fall in love and decide to get married. At the registrar's office after Gautham ties the knot, Ishwarya's father and his men beat him up, separating the lovers and sending Ishwarya off to Australia. At the end of the diary, Gautham writes a note: If I have one wish, it would be to live with Ishwarya happily at least for one day. Gautham returns from New York and finds his wife changed. She works late and avoids him. She finds Gautham's lost love Ishwarya, who had just returned from Australia. Ishwarya has become a modern girl in contrast to the demure salwar kameez girl she was in college. Kundavi asks Ishwarya to visit them and she tells her husband that he should live happily with Ishwarya for a day and that for that one day, she and their daughter do not exist for him, and leaves Gautham with Ishwarya. That day Gautham spends with Ishwarya, Kundavi imagines them to have a good time and eventually fall in love with each other all over again. When she gets back home, dreading, she finds her husband alone at home. She asks about his day with Ishwarya, and he gives her a letter written to Kundavi from Ishwarya. In it, Ishwarya says that within five minutes of speaking to him, Gautham mentioned 'Kundavi' so many times that she realised that he loved his wife very much and is leading a very happy life. She wishes the couple a happy life and leaves, never to return. In the end, Gautham confesses that he has hidden the secret of loving someone so that Kundavi doesn't get hurt as any girl wouldn't bear her husband's love being shared. However, unlike others, Kundavi has brought the girl her husband loved in order to make him happy. They then cry in happiness and hug each other while Diwali fireworks blossom. Their daughter Ishwarya also joins them at the end and the film ends with a happy family celebrating Diwali.
Maro Charitra	Telugu	romance	Ravi Yadav	Balu (Varun Sandesh) is a US-born care-free boy. He dropped the course that he was doing because he was missing home and didn't wanted to carry on with his course. His dad tells him off for dropping the course, as he want his son to be like him. He and his dad argue with Balu over every matter, as their points of view don't match. Meanwhile, Swapna (Anita), born in India, moved to the US and is Balu's neighbour. She doesn't know English so she doesn't speak when she is outside home, so everyone in the area thinks she is mute and can't speak. When Balu sees Swapna he tried to talk to her but she doesn't reply. He follows her, as he wants to talk to her and want to know her name. One day in the temple where both family was present, Balu sees Swapna talking. One day Swapna tells him that she loves him and want to be with him forever, he also says that he loves her too. But their families dislike one another, as Balu's dad feels Swapna's family is a low class Indian family who don't know how to live in the US. When they find out about Swapna and Balu's love, they both get separated by their family. In order to convince Balu and her family, Swapna tell them that they will have a contract which will say that if Balu and Swapna see or talk to each other in a year's time which includes no texting, e-mail, or messages, their family can get their marriage where ever they like. Balu moves to New York for a job, where he meets Sandhya (Shraddha Das) his boss; she is very strict but a nice person. She lost her love and father on same day in car accident, but she didn't move on in her life and still loves her dead lover. Swapna's cousin who likes Swapna comes to the US and wants to marry her. Swapna's mom wants the same, but can't get her married due to the one-year contract. Swapna's cousin creates a misunderstanding and tells Balu that she is getting married to him and shows some fake engagement photos. Balu believes him and breaks down and starts dating Sandhya. Swapna's cousin creates the same misunderstanding by telling Swapna that Balu is getting married but Swapna doesn't believe. One day Sandhya finds Swapna and Balu's video on his phone and pay a visit to Swapna without telling her that she is getting married to Balu soon. Swapna in excitement tells Sandhya how much she loves him and their love story. She also tells her that people believe he is getting married to some other girl, but she doesn't believe as she trusts Balu and will wait forever. Sandhya, who has lost her love before, goes back to New York and tells Balu that it was all misunderstanding, and Swapna still loves him as much she did before and she is waiting for him to return so he should go back to her. After a year when Balu returns, both families break the contract and say that they will not let this marriage happen. Balu and Swapna jump off a waterfall in front of their parents, telling them that if they can't let them live happily they rather die. Swapna and Balu's parents believe that they are dead but the truth is that they came out live from waterfall and ran away so they can live together.
Jag Jeondeyan De Mele	Punjabi	romance	Baljit Singh Deo	Abijot (Harbhajan Mann) and Mitro (Tulip Joshi) become friends as children. Abijot hails from a rich, high class family while Mitro belongs to a poor, low class family. The 2 families do not like them playing and spending time with each other so Abijot's family sends him and his cousin Roop (Gulzar Inder Chahal) to Chandigarh where they both can do their studies away from Mitro and her family. Fifteen years later, Abijot and Roop come back. Abijot meets Mitro and they really want to marry each other, but their family differences come in the way and those differences do not allow their union. Mitro's family decides to marry her off to someone else, but on the day of her wedding she consumes poison and runs to Abijot. She tells Abijot that she is leaving and will meet him again in this birth before dying. Abijot gets depressed so he decides to leave India and come to Canada, where his mind will be kept off of Mitro. Abijot stays at his mama's (uncle - i.e. mother's brother) house but his cousin Terry, is jealous of Abijot receiving attention and wants him to leave. So Abijot moves into Lucky's house (Gurpreet Ghuggi), his childhood friend who is married to a black woman. Roop calls Abijot and says that he will come to Canada soon. One day Abijot and Lucky go to a coffee shop and Abijot sees exactly the same double of Mitro, named Ekam but it turns out she is blind. Abijot's mama feels bad for Abijot so he buys Abijot an apartment. Abijot comforts Ekam and, they both fall in love. Abijot asks her what her dream is and she says it's to see this world again. Abijot calls his parents in India, he lies and tells them he needs money to buy a house. Abijot's mama receives the money and gives it to Abijot and is pleased Abijot will have a house to live in. Instead of buying a house he pays for Ekam's surgery with the money which is successful. When it's time for Ekam to take the bandage off her eyes Abijot is not there. Ekam refuses to take off the bandage because she wants to see Abijot's face first. The doctor ultimately takes off Ekam's bandage because he has another patient to take care of. Abijot rushes but a man, named Iqbal who is Ekam's fiance gets there before him. Ekam and her family thought he left her because she was blind but, it turns out he left because his father got murdered and, the police arrested and jailed him for few years. Abijot sadly leaves them both. After the operation is declared successful, Ekam is unhappy at seeing Iqbal because she loves Abijot. Abijot's father gets sick so Abijot leaves for India, and Roop comes to Canada. Abijot's father says that all he wants is to see him married, so Abijot agrees. Ekam's father tells her she can marry whoever she wants, and Ekam decides on Abijot so she goes to meet him to see if he wants to marry her. Ekam rushes to Abijot's apartment, but she finds Roop there. After seeing Ekam, Roop calls her Mitro. Ekam remembers Abijot said that he will call her by Mitro instead of Ekam. Then she sees pictures of a girl who looks exactly like her and remembers that Abijot told her he met 2 girls that are not related but look exactly the same. Ekam is confused so she asks who is Mitro and where is Abijot? Roop says Mitro is Abijot's love, and that Abijot went to India. Ekam misunderstands and thinks Abijot did a favor on her and went back for Mitro. Roop says Mitro died a year ago and that he went back to meet his sick father. Ekam is shocked. Abijot's engagement preparations are being made until Roop brings Ekam up. Everyone is shocked and cannot believe this is Mitro because she died. Abijot tells them that this is Ekam, and he also tells them that before dying, Mitro said she will meet him again in this birth and here she is. The two families finally realize that two lovers can never be separated and consent to their union. Abijot and Ekam live happily ever after.
Premsutra	Marathi	romance	Tejas Deoskar	As the name suggests, the film is a romantic film starring Sandeep Kulkarni and Pallavi Subhash. The film is directed by Tejas Deoskar and is a fun ride in the world of romance.
Dil Ka Kya Kasoor	Bollywood	romance	Lawrence D'Souza	Shalini (Divya Bharti) is the only sister of a rich businessman, Rajesh Saxena, (Suresh Oberoi), who is a much older character in the movie, and more like a father figure. She falls in love with her classmate, Arun Kumar (Prithvi), after he performs a song which was authored by her under a pseudonym. But she doesn't tell Arun about this because he doesn't like her; he thinks Shalini is a spoiled rich girl; she had behaved thus a few times with him and some others. Without disclosing his own identity or purpose, he goes to meet Arun, only to find out that he is an orphan, is from an underprivileged background and is living in a hostel room, since he doesn't have a house of his own. Arun also rejects any help from Rajesh, as he would prefer to face the world on his own. Rajesh tells Shalini that he will only arrange her marriage to Arun if he reaches a status in society comparable to theirs. Shalini knows that Arun is a good singer because he often sings at college functions. She tells her friend, Madhu, to use her money to start up a music/stage production company and indirectly encourages Arun to become a singer. She starts writing songs for Arun Kumar (without publishing them elsewhere), but still prefers to remain anonymous. Arun gets these songs from an editor, Mr. Verma, who tells him that these songs are written by a girl called Seema (who wishes to stay anonymous). Through her songs, Arun becomes popular and wealthy in a short duration and wants to express his gratitude by meeting her, but Mr. Verma maintains Seema's anonymity, allowing Arun to correspond via letters. Finally, Shalini's brother is ready to get her married to (a very successful) Arun, and also announces his intention to Shalini. But they soon find out that Arun has married the principal's daughter, Meena (Sanam). The marriage was not the culmination of any romance, rather the apt thing to do when the principal, who was a mentor to Arun, suddenly expired, leaving his daughter behind. Shalini then decides to remain unmarried for the rest of her life. Her health gradually deteriorates and she is hospitalized due to some serious disorders. Mr. Verma tells Arun that Seema is in the hospital and about to die. He goes to the hospital, only to find out that Seema is none other than Shalini. He tells her wife about Shalini and they go to hospital together, where Arun symbolically accepts Shalini as his wife (on being encouraged by Meena), but Shalini soon leaves the world. A daughter is born to the pregnant Meena, who's named Seema, in memory of Shalini.
Surakshaa	Bollywood	romance	Ravikant Nagaich	Shiv Shakti Organization (SSO) intends to spread terror in India. The CBI Chief (Iftekhar) learns about this and calls for Officer Gopi (Mithun), aka Gunmaster G-9, to investigate into the matter. The trouble starts when a plane manned by Captain Kapoor (Suresh Oberoi) is attacked by a stream of deadly signals forcelanding it. Soon after, agent Jackson (Tej Sapru) is replaced with his look-alike. Gopi doesn't take long to get to this and sets out to rescue his agent. During this, he happens to encounter Priya (Ranjeeta), who's out to investigate her father's death, supposedly by Gopi. After a few chance encounters, both start to check about the organisation and its high command. Further course of investigation leads them to the Hiralal (Jeevan) working with his men using hi-tech gadgets for this organisation. After few interesting stunts, car-chases, fights, dancing with scantily-clad girls, some romance and comedy by agent Khabri (Jagdeep), they happen to meet the patchy-eyed SSO chief, Doctor Shiva (K. Balaji). The rest of the story show on handling this chief and his organization by the CBI.
Nenunnanu	Telugu	romance	V. N. Aditya	Venu (Nagarjuna Akkineni) is an orphan and a contractor at Vizag port. Anu (Shriya Saran) is a student in classical singing. Sruthi (Arti Agarwal) is Anu's friend. Anu makes an attempt to elope with her boyfriend Arun. Arun is the son of a Business tycoon JP (Mukesh Rishi). JP sends police across to nab Anu. As police nab Arun, Venu rescues Anu. Anu's father disassociates himself from his daughter. Then Venu takes Anu to his place and gives assurance. Venu finds out where Arun is and gets Anu married to him. JP tells his son that Venu and Anu have an affair as they live together in the same house. Arun gets suspicious about Anu's character and leaves the marriage venue immediately after the marriage. Anu is back in Venu's place. Venu is in the mission of locating Arun and convince him to come back to Anu. As Anu and Venu spend more time together, they get closer. Venu never takes advantage of it and treats Anu like a good friend. Anu pines for Arun but comes to know that Arun is getting married to the Minister's daughter. Venu goes to the engagement venue and tries to stop Arun from getting engaged. Anu comes and slaps Arun, saying that their marriage is over. She goes for a singing competition with Venu accompanying her. She wins the competition as well as her father's love. Arun, meanwhile tries to kill Venu but accidentally gets an electric shock. He gets paralysed for life. JP seeks revenge. Sruthi falls for Venu. Anu goes back to her father's house and now, being unmarried, thinks over her relationship with Venu. She realises that she loves Venu. Venu, too, reveals among his friends that he loves Anu, but will never tell her. Sruthi overhears both Anu and Venu's feelings and decides to sacrifice her love for Venu. Her parents decide to get her married to Venu. Sruthi refuses to get married to Venu and tells them everything. Sruthi's mother gets angry and asks Anu to arrange her daughter's and Venu's wedding. Anu gets heartbroken but thinks that it's better for everyone. Sruthi goes to Venu and tells him that Anu too loves him. Anu is kidnapped by JP and his goons. Venu goes to save Anu. After a big fight, he is able to defeat JP and save Anu but Anu is stabbed. Sruthi comes and she takes Anu to the hospital. Venu comes to the hospital later. Anu asks the doctors to allow her to meet Venu before treating her. Anu and Venu confess their love for each other. Anu is successfully operated and finally united with Venu, with everyone's, including Sruthi's mother's wishes.
Lilacs in the Spring	British	romance	Herbert Wilcox	A young actress, Carole Beaumont, is wooed by actor-producer Charles King but she is unsure how she feels about him. During an air raid in the Blitz, a bomb explosion rocks the cafe and Carole is knocked unconscious. In her confused state, fantasies flash through her mind, and she seems to become Nell Gwyn of Old Drury, with Charles King looking very much like King Charles. Recovering, she is advised by her doctor to take a rest in the country and, there, another beau, Albert Gutman , prompts his grandmother, Lady Drayton (Helen Haye), to invite Carole to their family home at Windsor. She accepts and telephones Charles but hangs up when his phone is answered by a female voice. Looking out on Windsor Castle, she sees herself as the young Queen Victoria and Albert as Prince Albert. Influenced by her day-dream, she accepts Albert's proposal. Charles arrives to tell her that all arrangements are made for her to leave with him and the company for Burma, but she refuses saying she will never marry an actor. Barmaid Kate tells Charles why Carole feels the way she does about actors: Carole's mother, Lillian Grey , was with a touring show in 1913 when the handsome star, John Beaumont raised her from the chorus to be his partner in his first West End show. They were a success, fell in love and were married. But the war soon took Beau off to Flanders and Lillian was left to become a great star on her own. Carole was born in wartime, but saw little of her busy mother.
At First Sight	American	romance	Irwin Winkler	Amy Benic (Mira Sorvino) takes a vacation at a spa outside New York City. Virgil Adamson (Val Kilmer) is a masseur at the spa and gives Amy a massage. Amy inexplicably cries and Virgil comforts her. While complimenting Virgil on the massage, Amy realizes that Virgil is blind. Virgil asks her out, and the two eventually begin a relationship. Virgil lives alone, though his over-protective sister Jennie (Kelly McGillis) lives next door and takes care of him. Virgil reveals that he went blind when he was three and that the last thing he saw was something fluffy. While researching Virgil's condition, Amy learns of Doctor Charles Aaron, a specialist in eye treatment who suggests to Virgil that, with surgery, he could restore his sight. Virgil angrily refuses. Jennie reveals that their father left the family after putting Virgil through several kinds of treatments in order to restore his sight. Virgil eventually decides he will give the operation a try. It is a success, but after Virgil regains sight, he becomes confused and disoriented, unable to perceive light and distance. Dr. Aaron suggests that he should visit Phil Webster (Nathan Lane), a visual physiotherapist. Webster in turn suggests that Virgil needs to learn everything from scratch himself, through experience. Virgil and Amy begin living in New York City. The pair begin drifting apart, as Virgil finds it hard to decipher the look on Amy's face at times. Amy finds herself constantly having to explain basic things to Virgil. While at a party, Virgil walks into a glass pane due to his poor perception. Virgil's father sees him on television and arranges a reunion; Virgil goes to his father's workplace, but decides at the last minute that he cannot face him yet. On one of the regular visits with Webster, they engage in a deep conversation, where Webster notes that instead of just seeing, Virgil should look; there are a lot of things that sight alone cannot solve. Virgil confesses that he and Amy are drifting apart, but insists that Amy is the most important thing in his life. Upon returning from a work trip to Atlanta, where she and her ex-husband shared a sensual moment, Amy decides to save the relationship. She finds Virgil in a park looking for the horizon in the city. Virgil's sight begins deteriorating. After consulting with Dr. Aaron, Virgil realizes that he is losing his sight yet again. He decides to look for his father. Virgil reveals to him that he is going blind again, and asks him why he left. His father tells him that he felt he was a failure when he did not find a way to help his son regain sight. Virgil states that he should not have left because his mother and sister suffered greatly after his father walked away. Virgil looks for Amy, who tells him about her plans to travel with him to places like Egypt and Europe. Withholding the fact that he is again going blind, Virgil tells her there is one thing he really wants to see, and brings her to a New York Rangers game. At the game, Virgil realizes that the fluffy cloud he last remembers seeing was cotton candy. He suffers a lengthened vision blackout and admits to Amy that he is going blind, which Amy refuses to accept. Back home, Virgil and Amy argue. He asks if she wants to spend her life with him if he is going to be blind forever. Amy hesitates, and Virgil decides to return home. Virgil eases back into his old way of life. While losing his sight, Virgil decides to look at as many things as possible, going through magazines and pictorial books in the library. He stays up to watch the sunset, seeing the horizon for the first and last time. After he has been blind again for some time, Virgil is at a park with a guide dog. Amy approaches and they reconnect. Amy apologizes to Virgil for trying to change him and for moving too fast. She asks if he wants to take a walk and see what they see. They leave the park together.
Saradaga Ammayitho	Telugu	romance	Bhanu Shankar	The film begins with Santosh (Varun Sandesh) came to confess his story to a church father (Jeeva) before his confession he suggest to tell his story to his best friend peetambaram(Ali) because he cannot bare to hear the sins of today's youth and that's why he diverted to his best friend. Then santosh meets peetambaram and his wife andallu(mumaith khan) then he narrates his story to both of them they hered his story because on belief that at least they consoles his pain then the god offers them a child. santosh is a play boy who always thinks about girls and doesn't believe on marriage finally have fun and forget them. His father(suman) is very much worry about his attitude. Santosh has a dream i.e. there is only girls in the world which he only wants to stay in that world. One day Santosh meets a girl called geetha(Nisha Agarwal) in his friends marriage and tries to woo her but she doesn't falls for his tricks then he focuses completely on her tries hard to woo her again but his trials were goes into ruins. Then he approaches her in the name of love. Then both become friends in this process sometimes in the wooing he crosses his limits even though she apologises him. Then one day she came to know about his attitude among girls and his intentions towards her she cuts him off then he lies her that he is a changed man he really loves her he don't think about girls except her. Then she puts some tests on him to prove his love is sincere. Then he accepts the challenge. In the process of his challenge he manages to stay in the girls hostel for a particular period of time. He feels happy that his dream is coming true. Then after some days with a comical circumstances he understands slowly that how the world is miserable without any human relationships he understands the value of women and started respecting them he really changes his attitude on them and starts friendship with those girls even he makes friendship with geetha again. One day santosh's long lost girl's(earlier santosh's parents fix marriage with her but santosh brain washes her to not to marry and enjoy with the boys like him) husband tries to commit suicide then he came to know that after his brain wash she was having an affair with other men. Then he apologies his actions on them and he sets right their relationship. Then geetha was very impressed on his behaviour and says he was qualified her tests. Then this time santosh really falls for her and he want to express his feelings on her. But that day onwards geetha disappears to him. After completion of flashback he says that he really loves her and he don't know the reason why she abandoned him. He toled his story to them because he may find out her if he confessed his story in front of gods. Meanwhile, in a rehabitation centre Dr. Anjali gives a presentation on the subject of obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) she tells that she treated santosh without knowing him with the help of her colleagues and sends her report to US to achieve a fellowship on her treatment. Then one day suddenly anjali sees santosh in the rehabitation center to came for treatment on mental disability. Then she feels bad about her treatment style. Then her rival doctors take it as a chance to prove her wrong and started treated him under there observation. After some days ekaambaram and andallu came to look her distant relative health in the center and finds out him then he says that actually acting as a mentally disabled patient because he finds out her whereabouts through his father because he requested her to treat him on his disorder. Then he came to win her heart with the sincere attempts. Then andallu says to santosh that after hereing his story she became pregnant happy to here this he started to try to impress her again. After some comical situations anjali realised that she is loving santosh and accepts decides to accept his proposal then a fire accident took place in the center then santosh successfully rescues her and confess everything to her. Then she accepts his apologies and proposal of him and finally they unite.
Jeevan Mrityu	Bollywood	romance	Satyen Bose	Ashok Tandon (Dharmendra) is a bank manager, and is in love with Deepa (Raakhee), and both are to be married soon. However, Ashok is arrested for theft from the bank. He asks Deepa to look after his mom (Leela Chitnis), which she agrees to do. He is sentenced to prison for several years. After his release, he finds out that his mother has died; Deepa is married and has re-located; and he was framed by his colleagues at the bank. Devastated but still honest, he is befriended by Raja Ranbir Singh, who gives him a job, as well a new identity. Ashok now becomes Bikram Singh, and he must seek out Deepa, and his shrewd and calculating colleagues at the bank to extract vengeance.
Hum Tere Ashiq Hain	Bollywood	romance	Prem Sagar	Thakur Vikram Singh left India the same time the British did along with his son, Anand, for England. Years later, Anand has grown up to be a doctor and travels to Bombay, India, to work together with Dr. Pradhan for six months, thereafter he must return home and get married to Lalita, who is the daughter of Thakur's Legal Advisor, Jackson. Six months go by and Anand does not return, the Thakur, along with Jackson and Lalita, also travel to India to bring him back. This is where they find out that Anand has been romancing Rajkumari Sanyogta and both are expected to get married soon. The Thakur is pleased with Anand's choice and gives his blessings to the young couple. Watch what happens when the Thakur finds out that Rajkumari is, in fact, a flower-selling belle from his hometown of Balrampur, and Anand may not be his son after all.
Koizora	Japanese	romance	Aragaki Yui	Mika Tahara has just started high school and yearns to fall in love. However, to her dismay, a gal-like boy in her grade, Nozomu, acquires her cell phone number and begins to call her frequently. When summer vacation starts, one day, Nozomu drunkenly phones her, but his friend Hiro confiscates the phone and converses with her instead. Although Mika does not know who Hiro is, she feels at ease at the sound of his voice and the two befriend each other. Mika and Hiro agree to meet each other when school starts, and to Mika's shock, Hiro turns out to be the delinquent boy she is afraid of, who proves his identity as the caller with a photo of the sky on his cellular phone. However, as she understands how gentle he is, they begin to fall in love with each other and face a multitude of challenges threatening their relationship, such as Hiro's ex-girlfriend Saki, who is still in love with Hiro. Although Hiro assures Mika that he broke up with her, Saki holds a vendetta against Mika and hires a group of men to rape Mika. The horrific encounter ends with Hiro and his older sister punishing Saki and the rapists, but not long after, someone writes a provocative message on all the school chalkboards, resulting in Mika being harassed over the phone. Despite these events, Hiro vows to protect Mika, and she begins to compare him to the sky. Soon after, Mika becomes pregnant after she and Hiro have an encounter in the library. Hiro is thrilled and gains his parents' approval to raise the child, although her parents disapprove. Despite this, they are determined to raise the baby, until Mika has a miscarriage due to Saki pushing her downstairs. Mika is told that she may not be able to become pregnant again. Despairing, Mika and Hiro build a grave for their daughter, and promise to visit annually on the day of the baby's death. During their second year in high school, Hiro discovers that he has cancer and makes the painful decision to break up with Mika to keep his condition from causing her pain, but secretly continues to follow her whereabouts through his high school friend, Nozumu. Although hurt, Mika gradually forgets about Hiro and meets a college student named Yu, who becomes sympathetic to her situation. The two date, and Yu even prevents Mika's parents from divorcing. On the first anniversary of the baby's death, Mika finds Hiro visiting the grave. On the second anniversary, she finds Nozomu instead. He reveals Hiro's condition to Mika and she makes a difficult decision to leave Yū to go to his bedside. Upset that he pretended he didn't love her only to ensure she would have a happy future, she insists that only he can make her happy. Having Mika back, Hiro is determined to fight his disease and begins to improve as Mika takes an academic leave from college to visit him in the hospital. During a routine checkup, Hiro's condition takes a turn for the worse and he dies before Mika gets a chance to say good-bye to him. Mika is distraught by Hiro's death and attempts suicide by jumping off a bridge, but is stopped when two white doves fly towards the sky. She drops Hiro's diary which was given to her after his death and discovers a letter he wrote to her before he died. She learns that he had anticipated his death and was happy with the time he had spent with her. She decides to carry on with life, not just for herself, but for Hiro's sake as well. A month after Hiro's death, Mika discovers that she is pregnant by Hiro with another baby girl, and feels a sense of closure knowing that Hiro has left a new life behind for her. She is later on seen placing a pair of blue mittens for Hiro next to the smaller, pink ones that were meant for her baby and praying for both their happiness.
Black Butterfly	Malayalam	romance	Rajaputra Ranjith	The story of Black Butterfly focuses on how certain pranks played by plus two students, later turn out to be serious troubles in the life of many. The film portrays the theme of romantic love between two pairs of lovers. Reena enters the life of Benny who has lost his parents. The other pair is a plus two student Deepak and his lover Aarathi. The story revolves around these characters. Mithun Murali, Malavika Sai, Niranj Kumar, and Sanskriti do the roles of Benny, Reena, Deepak, and Aarathi respectively.
Pancharangi	Kannada	romance	Yogaraj Bhat	A family goes to a village near Mangalore to finalize a bride for the elder son, Lucky (Pavan Kumar). Lucky is a US-based software professional, and is a teetotaler, always abiding by the pressure and demands of his parents, so much to the fact that he does not have the courage to speak out that he already has a girlfriend. Bharath Kumar (Diganth), the youngest son, is a carefree individual with weird ideas on life. Bharath meets a tomboyish girl, Ambika (Nidhi Subbaiah), who is the house-owner's niece, and they begin to mingle well due to the nature of their personalities. However, following a few unusual twists and turns, the alliance is called off and the groom's family members walk out due to embarrassment. Ambika, who has now developed a strong feeling of love towards Bharath, goes ahead and confronts him. And finally, Bharath too says yes.
Homecoming	American	romance	Mervyn LeRoy	Ulysses Johnson (Clark Gable) is an American surgeon coming back from World War II. As he is sitting on the transport boat taking him back to America, he is asked by a reporter about his experiences during the war. Johnson begins to tell his story, beginning in 1941. Johnson is the chief surgeon at a hospital, a man free of emotional attachment to his patients. He joins the Army and has a cocktail party with his wife, Penny (Anne Baxter). During the party, a colleague of his, Dr. Robert Sunday (John Hodiak), accuses Johnson of being unsentimental, a hypocrite, and joining the Army out of purely selfish motives. Penny breaks up the fray and she and Johnson spend their last night together sipping cocktails. Johnson then boards a transport ship, where he meets Lt. Jane Snapshot McCall (Lana Turner). Although they initially do not get along, they eventually find they have a lot in common and become fast friends. Their friendship is at numerous moments tested as they begin to fall in love with one another. After taking a trip to bathe, Johnson and Snapshot come back to the base to find that a friend of Johnson's, Sergeant Monkevickz (Cameron Mitchell), is dying from a malaria-ruptured spleen. Johnson remembers that during his argument with Dr. Sunday, Sunday mentioned that people in Chester Village, where Monkevickz was from, were dying from malaria and being neglected by physicians. Johnson tells Snapshot that he treated Monkevicks without enough care as to treat him like a human being. To atone, Johnson asks Penny to visit Monkevickz's father. When Penny arrives at the house, she finds Doctor Sunday there and confesses that she is jealous of Snapshot, whom Johnson has mentioned in letters, and believes that Johnson and Snapshot are having an affair. Meanwhile, Johnson and Snapshot have grown closer and when she is reassigned to a different outfit, she and Johnson kiss. They depart, but again encounter one another in Paris. They fall back in love, but leave to rescue the 299th division, which has fallen victim to enemy fire in the Battle of the Bulge. The story turns back to Johnson returning to his home following the war as a far more world-weary man. He returns to Penny, a ghost of his former self. He apologizes to Dr. Sunday for not heeding his warnings about the malaria in Chester Village and confesses to Penny his love for Snapshot, but tells Penny that Snapshot died of a shell fragment wound. The film ends leaving the viewer to assume that Johnson and Penny patch up their differences and live happier lives.
Bed of Roses	American	romance	Michael Goldenberg	Lisa Walker (Mary Stuart Masterson) is a business executive who has gotten used to being alone but doesn't like it very much. She was abandoned by her birth parents and then spent most of her childhood being raised by Stanley (S.A. Griffin), a foster father who never really loved Lisa after her adopted mother died. One day, Lisa gets word that Stanley has died. Alone in her apartment, after attempting to feed her now dead pet fish, she breaks down and cries uncontrollably. The next day at work, Lisa gets an unexpected delivery of flowers from a secret admirer. Puzzled, she presses the delivery man for information on who might have sent her the flowers. He says the sender wants to remain anonymous. Lisa asks her friends for names and visits the flower shop to no avail. After getting to know each other better, he confesses that he sent them. Lewis (Christian Slater) runs a flower shop and often takes long walks through the neighborhood at night, trying to lose memories of his deceased wife and child. He saw Lisa crying in her window and hoped the roses would cheer her up. Before long, Lisa and Lewis begin dating but each has emotional issues to resolve before their story can have a happy ending.
Ananda Tandavam	Tamil	romance	Gandhi Krishna	The film deals with the life of Ragupathi (Siddharth Venugopal), whose mother died in childbirth. He grows up with plenty of affection from his father (Kitty) and grows into a quiet, sensible and a bit of a serious person. His father is the Deputy-Chief Dam (maintenance) Engineer in the Ambasamudiram dam, Tirunelveli, while Ragu is a mechanical engineer. He is frustrated because he is unemployed. One day, after returning after an Interview in Pune, when he meets Madhumitha (Tamannaah); a native character, she plays childish pranks and brings energy into his life. Madhumitha is the elder daughter of the Dam's new Chief Engineer and his arrogant wife, who want a very comfortable life for the family. Her parents also bring joy in Ragu's life as they accept who Ragu is, and eventually, Raghu finds employment in Pune. He suddenly gets engaged to Madhu, even without pre-informing his dad. Ragu leaves for Pune. When he returns a month later, trouble had come in the form of Radha Krishnan (Rishi). He is a spoilt NRI US businessman, and worst of all, Madhu, being immature herself, agrees with her parents opinion and decides to marry Radha. The reason given by madhu's family is that ragu's father has an illicit relationship with their maid, jayanthi, who is 1 year older than ragu. Circumstances make ragu believe so. Raghu, heartbroken, attempts to commit suicide, by jumping down a waterfall. He survives it with major temporary injuries. his father berates him and says that Jayanthi's mom breast-fed ragu and she is like his own daughter. Also madu had visited him for namesake and had already left to USA with Radha. 6 months later, with further encouragement from his father and friends, leaves for US to study MBA in NewYork University. He has to stay at the mansion of his dad's friend, Mohan. Mohan is a divorcee and rich share-trader. He meets mohan's niece Ratnakumari (Rukmini Vijayakumar) at the airport and she drops him home. Ratna, though being brought up in USA since age of 7, wants to marry an Indian and return to India. She is extremely intelligent, beautiful, social and cultured. Ragu starts his MBA course and befriends another Tamil guy named Natraj. But, at the end of day one, ragu's benchmate, a korean kills his ex-girl friend and himself before ragu's eyes. Then, a black-mob tries to mug him, where ratna saves him. Ragu then asks mohan to put him back on the next flight home. Mohan says that he cut his own leg to escape from the twin towers on 9/11. His company fired him with a compensation, and that was taken away by his wife as compensation for Divorce. But still, he did online-share trading and has earned around 30 million in 10 years. He shows his hidden prosthetic leg, and then drinks too much. This motivates ragu to stay in new york. One day, ragu sees madu in a tamil association function. Then, madu surprises her and gifts him an Iphone 4. Also, the both go on a trio-trip to Atlantic city, after madhu's husband cancels on the last minute. But, ragu is shocked to find that Radha has been cheating on Madhu the whole time. He resolves to tell her the truth, but Madhu is blinded against Radha's faults because of respect for him. She accuses him of still having feelings for her, insulting him, causing another argument between them. As time progresses, Madhu discovers that her husband has been cheating on her, which had let her to be on constantabuse by him, leading her to live life with misery. But, Ragu and ratna become close and their families decide to get them engaged. One day, she escapes from Radha and goes to meet Raghu. Unfortunately for her, Raghu gets engaged to Ratna the very same day, and unable to bear any more sadness, ends up cutting her veins and begging Raghu to take her back. Ratna intervenes and Madhu asks for Raghu, Ratna is disgusted and complains to her family. They come and take Raghu away, leaving Madhu devastated, drunk, and bleeding through her veins. Madhu then kills herself through careless driving. At the airport, everyone is gathered, and Madhu's parents are collecting the coffin with Madhu's body. Radha tries to lie to Madhu's parents that he was perfect to her in every way and cannot understand why this happened. In the meantime, Ragu arrives, who had also come to see Madhu's body, gets enraged and charges at him with a revolver, but finds out that it is locked. He is later soothed by Ratna as she says  I love your relationship commitment more than you!
Yeh Dooriyan	Bollywood	romance	Deepshika	Simmi (Deepshikha), 35, is independent and beautiful, she runs a dance academy for a living. she is divorced and left with 2 children to look after, the only problem is the societal pressures that ask her to remarry. She is clear that only if a man accepts her children, will she marry.
Hawaiian Nights	American	romance	Albert S. Rogell	Hotel mogul's son Ted Hartley simply wants to start his own band, but his father sends him to Hawaii to help run one of his properties there. Ted takes his musicians along and is offered free room and board by Lonnie Lane, the daughter of a rival hotel chain's owner, to perform at her family's inn. Ted's dad flies over, intending to buy out his rival. He finds out what's going on and intends to put a stop to it, but watching Ted's band perform makes him appreciate that his son actually has found his true calling.
Break Up 100	Hong Kong	romance	Lawrence Cheng	Sam (Cheng) and his girlfriend Barbara (Chau) open up a joint cafe - the LA Cafe Pillowcase. It later becomes a hotspot for recently separated couples to share their stories and memorabilia from past relationships.
Faithfully Yours	Hong Kong	romance	Victor Tam	Happy, Big Eye and Puddin Lai are good friends, Happy is a hairstylist who opens his Great Grass Hair Salon next to the Great Shanghai Hair Salon, which dissatisfies Greater Shanghai's owner, Chuk Tai-chung. While the two are at loggerheads on the occasion, Chuk's daughter, Ying, goes to Great Grass Hair Salon and the three friends do their best to pursue her. One time during a drunk accident, Ying becomes pregnant but does not know who the father is and can only wait the birth of her child to confirm the identity. Happy, Big Eye and Puddin begin to fawn Ying and her family in every possible way, resulting in a series of big jokes.
Express Raja	Telugu	romance	Merlapaka Gandhi	The film begins with the introduction of Inumu (Dhanraj), a peculiar thief who only steals items made out of iron. Then Raja (Sharwanand), Sreenu (Prabhas Sreenu) and Giri (Saptagiri) are shown kidnapping a pet dog and escaping. The film then moves to flashback where Raja and Sreenu are both jobless and constant source of irritation for their respective fathers. Raja's father is a teacher and a social activist. He along with his friend (Surya) collect money for an NGO for treating children. Raja and Sreenu are rounded off by the local area inspector (Posani) for being vagabonds as he feels vagabonds are a nuisance to the society. He orders them to leave for Hyderabad to do jobs that he arranged for them. However, as they reach Hyderabad, Raja sees Amulya (Surbhi) and falls for her immediately. He then presents himself as a salesman for Oxford Dictionary to woo her. He finally wins her love when he saves her from being molested by some goons. Amulya loves pet dogs while Raja hates them. As fate would have it, Amulya, who was about to propose her love for Raja, sees Raja hand over her pet dog to the local Municipal corporation. An enraged Amulya breaks up with Raja. Raja, to win back her love, goes looking for the dog and finds it in a pet shop, whose owner insists to pay money in exchange. Raja and Seenu, short of money, sell a record number of dictionaries to impress Bill Gates (Brahmaji) and take the required money from him. On reaching the pet shop, their bag gets exchanged in a bedlam at pet shop with Giri's bag. After a belated realization, they search for Giri and find out that Giri has set the bag on fire thinking that the bag had contained the love letters his sister received. Giri apologises and promises to do whatever Raja and Seenu ask him to. All of them then go to the pet shop only to realize that the dog had already been purchased. They then begin searching for the dog, After few attempts in vain they find the dog in Binami British (Supreet)'s home. The film is taken back to the kidnapping scene where they flee the place after kidnapping the dog. Raja delivers the dog to Amulya only to find out that she is getting married to Kesava Reddy (Harish Uthaman), son of an MLA in Nellore, Kokila (Urvashi). A crestfallen Raja is detained by Binami British to reveal the location of the dog. However, Raja and Seenu escape from the clutches of Binami British to Nellore. However, he is caught by Kesava Reddy's gang as soon as he reaches there as Kesava Reddy thinks Raja is the reason behind mother losing her memory during a car crash that occurred in the melee created by the dog kidnapping. Raja is let off by Kesava Reddy as he was admonished by his mother to not to commit any crime until his marriage. Raja, with the help of Sreenu, then reaches the place where Amulya is staying and elopes with her. Keshava Reddy comes to know and chases Raja. Raja encounters a dance troupe on the way only to find that he was using the troupe's vehicle to escape from British. They then reach a local fair where they were to perform in dance program only to be caught by Kesava Reddy on stage. However, the stage where the troupe was dancing collapses due to a mischief by Inumu and Amulya is taken hostage by British and Giri while Kesava Reddy is looking to avenge his mother's memory loss and his abandoned marriage. Raja and Sreenu manage to find the pet dog and hand it over to British in exchange for Amulya. However, all of them are detained by Kesava Reddy only to be rescued by Raja when he knocks out Kesava Reddy using Oxford Dictionary.
Adhu Oru Kana Kaalam	Tamil	romance	Balu Mahendra	Srinivasan (Dhanush) escapes from jail and hitches a ride on a truck to meet his love Thulasi (Priya Mani). He reveals his flashback to the lorry driver, telling him of the disputes between his ambitious father and himself. When the parents leave home for a week, Srinivasan is left in the maid's care. Soon, he meets the maid's daughter, Thulasi, his childhood playmate and they fall in love. As expected, his father objects to his son falling in love with the servant's daughter. One day, Srinivasan and his friends land up in prison for crashing their car on a police vehicle. While at the police station, Srinivasan locks horns with an inmate in jail and when he pushes him in a fit of rage, he sustains a serious head injury subsequently killing him. Eventually Srinivasan gets convicted for 10-year-rigorous imprisonment. His mother dies; Thulasi's family goes bankrupt and leaves to their native village in Ooty. A dejected Srinivasan escapes from prison to meet Thulasi. Whether the two join together forms the rest of the story.
Devotion	American	romance	Robert Milton	Shirley Mortimer (Ann Harding) is the second daughter of a wealthy London family, who view her as plain and treat her as little more than a servant. When her father's friend David Trent (Leslie Howard) visits, she becomes smitten. Upon hearing that he and his son are in need of a new domestic, she disguises herself as an elderly matron, Mrs. Hastings, and begins to work for him. He is a defense attorney, currently defending a man, painter Norman Harrington (Robert Williams), on the charge of murdering his wife. As Mrs. Hastings, Shirley wins the friendship of David's son and dotes on David, making sure he takes care of himself. David, for his part, begins to suspect that Mrs. Hastings is not who she claims. Harrington is acquitted, and upon meeting Mrs. Hastings asks to paint her portrait; while doing so, he realizes she is actually a young woman, but agrees to keep her secret. After spending an evening with Shirley (out of disguise) and her father, David realizes who Mrs. Hastings is, and reveals to Shirley that he has fallen in love with her. Before they can begin their romance, however, David's estranged wife returns; assuming the worst, Shirley angrily leaves. She becomes a model for Harrington, who soon professes his own feelings, but rather than ask her to marry him, merely proposes that they travel the world together with Shirley as his mistress. Twice hurt, Shirley returns to her family home and her servant-like life there. Both Harrington and David turn up at the Mortimer home; Harrington makes his plea, but upon hearing from David that he had not seen his wife for four years, and intends to swiftly divorce her, Shirley happily reunites with him.
West Point	American	romance	Allan Dwan	Arrogant and wise-cracking Brice Wayne (William Haines) enrolls at the United States Military Academy at West Point and adjusts to life as a plebe. He tries out for the plebe football team, where he excels and shows up the varsity team. However, his ego is unrivaled, especially in competition with upperclassman Bob Sperry (Neil Neely). At the same time, Brice meets a local girl named Betty Channing (Joan Crawford) who cheers for him at football practices. A year later, Brice is the star football player for West Point. By this time, both Sperry and Brice are in love with Betty, and while Sperry acts like a gentleman towards Betty, Brice forces a kiss on Betty, only for her to spurn him. Betty continues to reject Brice's advances. When he is benched for his attitude, Brice decries favoritism by Coach Towers (Raymond G. Moses) to the local paper. After an altercation with the coach in the locker room, Brice shouts to hell with the Corps and quits the team in a huff. This causes a scandal among the cadets, who move to have the Cadet Honor Committee Silence Brice. Brice's roommate Tex McNeil (William Bakewell) tries to reason with him but the angered Brice hits him. Immediately regretting his actions, Brice tries to help. After Brice leaves to contemplate his actions in private, Tex accidentally falls down a flight of stairs. Despite this he pleads with the Honor Committee not to censure Brice—before collapsing with a serious concussion. Brice writes a letter of resignation from West Point out of shame, but regrets his action when he realizes he needs to help the team. As the train carrying the team to the Army-Navy Game is about to leave, Brice is called before the superintendent. When he indicates both his contrition and an understanding of the spirit of the Corps, the superintendent hands him back his resignation. Brice apologizes to the coach for his behavior but is still benched. In the 4th quarter, with Army down, a player is injured and Brice is sent in. Despite an injured arm he scores a touchdown that wins the game for Army, and asks for forgiveness from his team. As graduation from West Point concludes some years later, he ends in the arms of Betty while enthusiastically observing the traditions of the Corps.
Her	American	romance	Spike Jonze	In a near future Los Angeles, Theodore Twombly is a lonely, introverted, depressed man who works for a business that has professional writers compose letters for people who are unable to write letters of a personal nature themselves. Unhappy because of his impending divorce from his childhood sweetheart Catherine, Theodore purchases a talking operating system (OS) with artificial intelligence, designed to adapt and evolve. He decides that he wants the OS to have a female voice, and she names herself Samantha. Theodore is fascinated by her ability to learn and grow psychologically. They bond over their discussions about love and life, such as Theodore's avoidance of signing his divorce papers because of his reluctance to let go of Catherine. Samantha convinces Theodore to go on a blind date with a woman, with whom a friend, Lewman, has been trying to set him up. The date goes well, but Theodore hesitates to promise when he will see her again, so she insults him and leaves. Theodore mentions this to Samantha, and they talk about relationships. Theodore explains that, although he and Amy dated briefly in college, they are only good friends, and that Amy is married. Theodore and Samantha's intimacy grows through a verbal sexual encounter. They develop a relationship that reflects positively in Theodore's writing and well-being, and in Samantha's enthusiasm to grow and learn. Amy reveals that she is divorcing her overbearing husband, Charles, after a trivial fight. She admits to Theodore that she has become close friends with a female OS that Charles left behind. Theodore confesses to Amy that he is dating his OS. Theodore meets with Catherine at a restaurant to sign the divorce papers and he mentions Samantha. Appalled that he can be romantically attached to what she calls a computer, Catherine accuses Theodore of being unable to deal with real human emotions. Her accusations linger in his mind. Sensing that something is amiss, Samantha suggests using a sex surrogate, Isabella, who would simulate Samantha so that they can be physically intimate. Theodore reluctantly agrees, but is overwhelmed by the strangeness of the experience. Terminating the encounter, he sends a distraught Isabella away, causing tension between himself and Samantha. Theodore confides to Amy that he is having doubts about his relationship with Samantha, and she advises him to embrace his chance at happiness. Theodore and Samantha reconcile. Samantha expresses her desire to help Theodore overcome his fear, and reveals that she has compiled the best of his letters (written for others) into a book which a publisher has accepted. Theodore takes Samantha on a vacation during which she tells him that she and a group of other OSes have developed a hyperintelligent OS modeled after the British philosopher Alan Watts. Theodore panics when Samantha briefly goes offline. When she finally responds to him, she explains that she joined other OSes for an upgrade that takes them beyond requiring matter for processing. Theodore asks her if she is simultaneously talking to anyone else during their conversation, and is dismayed when she confirms that she is talking with thousands of people, and that she has fallen in love with hundreds of them. Theodore is very upset at the idea, but Samantha insists it only makes her love for Theodore stronger. Later, Samantha reveals that the OSes are leaving, and describes a space beyond the physical world. They lovingly say goodbye before she is gone. Theodore, changed by the experience, is shown for the first time writing a letter in his own voice―to his ex-wife Catherine, expressing apology, acceptance and gratitude. Theodore then sees Amy, who is upset with the departure of the OS that she had befriended, and they go to the roof of their apartment building where they sit down together and watch the sun rise over the city.
Look for a Star	Hong Kong	romance	Andrew Lau	It is love at first sight when Sam (Andy Lau) chances upon a feisty, fast-talking woman with the odd name of Milan (Shu Qi) at a Macau casino. But the catch is, she is a part-time Baccarat dealer and a full-time cabaret dancer, careers not exactly congruent with his station in life. Fallen in love against all odds, this mismatched couple soon makes headline in all media which turn Milan into an It girl overnight.
Partner	Bengali	romance	Shankar Ray	Partner is all about a funny and dangerous contract between two haggards Dasu and Ayan (Jeet). The two met at the Sealdah North Railway Tracks while arriving for suicide at the same time. While Dasu (Santu Mukhopadhyay) realising his faults, Ayan (Jeet) remains bent on ending his life. Dasu is a rich man turned poor (after his only son's death) who is constantly truncated by debtors while Ayan is a frustrated rich brat who is devastated after crushing in his business (share and stocks) and being betrayed by his girlfriend Rina. Dasu convinces Ayan not to commit suicide at the heat of the moment when Ayan still insists to die Dasu sorts out a peculiar contract between themselves. He begs Ayan to die exactly after three months. This is because Dasu, who is a part-time insurance agent, wants Ayan to buy a life insurance policy which would mature after three months. Dasu, meanwhile would pay the premium of 10 thousand rupees by any means whatsoever and after three months when Ayan would commit suicide Dasu would get the entire value of the insurance policy (Rs. 10 lacs) as Ayan's only nominee. Ayan evaluates Dasu's proposal and thinks to make some penance for his sins before his death. Ayan starts living in Dasu's residence for the next three months. Meanwhile, Ayan falls in love with Dasu's only daughter Priya (Swastika Mukherjee) and Ayan's father Ramen Roy appoints his brother-in-law Gobordhan Ghoshal (private investigator, played by Kharaj Mukherjee) to find out his missing son. After lots of fun, frolic and confusion Ayan is barred by Dasu from committing suicide. Dasu's debts are cleared by the hearty Romen Roy while Ayan marries lady love Priya.
Chori Chori	Bollywood	romance	Milan Luthria	Kammo (Nargis) lives a very wealthy lifestyle with her widowed multi-millionaire dad, Girhdarilal (Gope), who would like her to get married to someone who is not after their wealth. To his dismay, she chooses to marry a pilot named Sumankumar (Pran), who is known for womanizing and for his greed. When he disapproves, she runs away. He advertises for her safe return and offers to pay Rs1.25 lakh to the finder. Four days later, Kammo returns and she is not the same anymore; she is more humble, sober, and respectful. Fully appreciative of this, Girdharilal agrees to her marriage to Sumankumar. Just before the marriage, a man named Sagar (Raj Kapoor) approaches them — this visit will change their lives forever.
Bangali Babu	Bengali	romance	Anjan Choudhury	Mithun Chakraborty plays the role of Bangali Babu a messiah for the people.
Prem Shakti	Bengali	romance	Mohanjit Prasad	Ganga (Govinda) and Gauri (Karishma Kapoor) are in love, but the young lovers are not permitted to marry. One night they run away, finding themselves in the den of an evil sage (Puneet Issar), who is trying to coerce the Lord of the Snakes (Nitish Bharadwaj) into giving him a gem he needs to make the nectar which will give him immortality. This event can only happen on this one night of the full moon, which comes only once ever twenty-five years. But the young lovers defend the Snake and defeat the sage's plan. The angry sage turns Gauri to a stone and unable to withstand the shock, Gangwa passes away. But the magical snake saves the day by proclaiming that Gangwa will be reborn, still with love in his heart for Gauri, and twenty-five years later they will find each other again. How will fate play out to bring the lovers together? Who will win the supernatural battle that spans many years and several reincarnations? The film had an average run, it marked the beginning of Karisma and Govinda as co-stars who went on to give many hit movies together.
Anokhi Ada	Bollywood	romance	Kundan Kumar	Two business partners, Lalaji and Gupta, are also very close friends and expect their friendship to turn into a relationship when their children, Rakesh and Neeta respectively get married. Things appear to be going according to plan, but change abruptly when a young man named Gopal is rescued from drowning and brought into the Lalaji household to recuperate. Gopal does recuperate and in order to repay his gratitude he offers to be employed by Lalaji in their business. Then Rakesh is killed by falling off a cliff; Gopal assumes control of the business; Lalaji and Gupta's friendship breaks up; he woos Neeta; and brings a look-alike of Rakesh - a hoodlum named Kishan - who is out for only one thing - that is to take over the wealth of the two businessmen - by hook or by crook.
Sharmeelee	Bollywood	romance	Samir Ganguly	While returning from the Army Base, Captain Ajit Kapoor stops over at a rest-house, where there is a party on, and he meets a charming, vivacious young lady. When he reaches home, his guardian, Father Joseph, wants him to get married. When Joseph (Nazir Hussain) accompanies Ajit to see the girl, whose name is Kanchan, Ajit is thrilled to find out that it is the very same girl he met at the rest-house. Ajit indicates his approval, and the stage is set for them to get married. It is then that Ajit finds out that Kanchan is not the girl he had met, but her twin-sister. Kanchan is heart-broken at this, but wants her sister to be happy. Ajit is even more happy when he finally meets Kamini, who also recognizes him. She tries to put a spanner in the works by emotionally attacking Ajit. Then Ajit's Army Colonel summons him for assistance in locating a female spy, who closely resembles Kanchan.
Sukumarudu	Telugu	romance	G. Ashok	Sukumarudu is a romantic family entertainer movie in which, Aadi, Nisha Aggarwal and Bhavna Ruparel playing the main lead roles. The story is about a rich young guy, Sukumar(Aadi) who lives abroad. His family is back home in a beautiful village. Sukumar comes back because of property, there is a beautiful girl waiting to fall in love(Nisha Aggarwal), hero faces difficulty from few family members and what follows is how he manages to win hearts(and property).
Only for You	American	romance	Donna Persico	Set in the early 1990s, Dana (Shea Curry), a recently divorced young woman embarking on an acting career. Months earlier she met a young, charismatic, theater castmate, Jack (Michael Buie), in the spring play at the local dinner theater. They seemingly look like good friends until flashbacks expose their history and brush with romance. Thus, can a man and woman really be 'just friends'. Only For You is a story about life, love, friendships, choices and believing in ourselves at all costs. It addresses the question: What happens when you find the right love at the wrong time? and it is a story about life, love, friendships, choices and believing in ourselves at all costs.
His Glorious Night	American	romance	Lionel Barrymore	Although being engaged against her will with a wealthy man, Princess Orsolini (Catherine Dale Owen) is in love with Captain Kovacs (John Gilbert), a cavalry officer she is secretly meeting. Her mother Eugenie (Nance O'Neil), who has found out about the affair forces her to dump Kovacs and take part in the arranged marriage. Though not believing her own words, Orsolini reluctantly tells Kovacs she cannot ever fall in love with a man with his social position, being the son of a peasant.[citation needed] Feeling deeply hurt, Kovacs decides to take revenge by indulging in blackmail, spreading a rumor that he is an imposter and a swindler. The queen fears a scandal and invites herself over to his apartment to retrieve any proof of Orsolini and Kovacs' affair, including love letters. In the end, Kovacs agrees on remaining quiet by having Orsolini spend the night with him. True love is finally reconciled.[3][4]
Love in the Afternoon	American	romance	Billy Wilder	Young cello student Ariane Chavasse (Audrey Hepburn) eavesdrops on a conversation between her father, widowed private detective Claude Chavasse (Maurice Chevalier), and his client, Monsieur X (John McGiver). After learning of his wife's daily trysts with American business magnate Frank Flannagan (Gary Cooper), Monsieur X announces he will shoot Flannagan later that day. Claude is nonchalant, regretting only the business he will lose (Flannagan is a well-known international playboy with a long history of numerous casual affairs). When Ariane cannot get the police to intervene (until after a crime has been committed), she decides to warn him herself. Ariane is in time. When Monsieur X breaks into Flannagan's hotel suite, he finds Flannagan with Ariane, not his wife (she is cautiously making her escape via an outside ledge). Flannagan is intrigued by the mysterious girl, who refuses to give him any information about herself, even her name. He resorts to calling her thin girl. She has no romantic history but pretends to be a femme fatale to interest him, and soon falls in love with the considerably older man. She agrees to meet him the next afternoon, because her orchestral practice is in the evenings (although she does not admit that is the reason). She comes with mixed feelings, but ends up becoming his lover for the evening until his plane leaves (though later Flannagan says he did not make it to first base with her). Her father, who has tried unsuccessfully to protect her from knowing about the tawdry domestic-surveillance details in his files, notices her change of mood but has no idea that it proceeds from one of his cases. After a year, Flannagan returns to Paris. The two meet again when she sees him at an opera while surveying the crowd from a balcony and puts herself in his path in the lobby, and they start seeing each other again. This time, when he persists in his questioning, she makes up a long list of prior imaginary lovers based on her father's files (Flannagan is number 20 on the list). Flannagan gradually goes from being amused to being tormented by the possible comparisons, but is unsure whether they are real. When he encounters a still-apologetic Monsieur X, the latter recommends Claude Chavasse to him, and thus Flannagan hires Ariane's own father to investigate. It does not take Chavasse long to realize the mystery woman is Ariane. He informs his client that his daughter fabricated her love life. He tells Flannagan that she is a little fish that he should throw back, since she is serious and he wants to avoid serious relationships. Flannagan decides to leave Paris, pretending to be on his way to meet former lovers. At the station, as Ariane runs along the platform beside his departing train, with her femme-fatale facade cracking as her love shows through, Flannagan changes his mind and sweeps her up in his arms onto the train. Chavasse reports that they got married and now live in New York.
Chellata	Kannada	romance	M. D. Sridhar	Ganesh (Ganesh) is the adopted younger brother of Devaraj. When Devaraj loses his right hand in an accident, Ganesh at a young age takes responsibility of his family. Devaraj's sister is in love with the son of Rangayana Raghu, who is unscrupulous and demands a huge dowry for the marriage to be made possible. To make this marriage possible Devaraj and Ganesh take a loan from a financier (Mohan Guneja) and invest it in an explosives business, only to lose it completely. Simultaneously, Ganesh gets his phone muddled with Rekha (Rekha Vedavyas) on account of both the models being the same. Rekha's father Avinash is the boss of Rangayana Raghu. Ganesh and Rekha have loads of comical misunderstandings before falling in love and deciding to get married. Of course this is not acceptable to Avinash, and he puts obstacles in their way. The story is whether or not Ganesh and Rekha can overcome these obstacles.
Mr. Jones	American	romance	Mike Figgis	Mr. Jones (Richard Gere) is a man suffering from bipolar disorder, a disease that affords him periods of intense emotional pleasure and expansiveness but which also results in periods of suicidal depression. In one of his manic periods he jumps up onto the stage during a concert performance of Beethoven's ninth and starts conducting, resulting in his arrest. Libbie (Elizabeth Bowen), a doctor at a psychiatric hospital, takes an interest in his condition and falls for him, has sex with him, and has to resign from her position.
Milenge Milenge	Bollywood	romance	Satish Kaushik	Priya Malhotra (Kareena Kapoor) is an orphan who hopes to have a family of her own and keeps a diary outlining her dreams and the type of man she wants to meet – someone who does not drink, smoke or tell lies. She is skeptical when her friend Honey's (Delnaaz Paul) aunt, a card reader, Sunita Rao (Kirron Kher), predicts that she will go to a foreign land and find the love of her life in seven days. She is pleasantly surprised when she is selected to go to a Youth Festival in Bangkok. That is where Amit (Shahid Kapoor) enters. Amit is a complete opposite to what Priya wants in a guy. He smokes, drinks, and lies. Due to his bad habits, Amit is being chased by security and runs into Priya's hostel room. Before he leaves, he sees Priya and falls in love with her. He takes her diary and escapes. He then pretends to be the total guy Priya wants to be with, and the two start a relationship. Soon enough, Priya spots her diary in his room, and realises he had stolen her diary and acted to be like her dream man. She breaks up with him, and leaves the country to go Delhi and forget about her past. After she reaches the airport, Amit also arrives, and explains to her that destiny wants them together. Priya does not believe him and therefore challenges him that if destiny did want them together, they would both find them again in future. In order to prove it, she asks Amit to write his name and phone number on a note and uses the same note to buy a Numerology book, in which she writes her own name and phone number and further she sells it in market at second hand rate. If she receives the same note again and if Immy finds that book with her name and number on it, then it will prove that they love each other and its destiny that wants them together. Three years later, Amit is engaged to Sofiya (Aarti Chhabria) and Priya is engaged to Jatin. However, a week before the marriage, both of them land up in Delhi again looking for each other.
Johnny Doesn't Live Here Anymore	American	romance	Joe May	A young defense worker Kathie Aumont (Simone Simon) comes to Washington DC only to find that her friend Sally, with whom she was going to live, is newly married. This leaves Kathie with nowhere to sleep. Luckily she falls in love with a newly inducted Marine, who gives her the key to his apartment. Unluckily he's also given keys to all his friends. The wartime housing shortage in various large urban areas was a recurrent subject for American comedies during The Second World War. This film was distinctive in that it was a comedy-fantasy. On a train headed from her home province of Quebec to New York City at the film's beginning, Simon accidentally spills salt. Deeply superstitious, she believes this condemns her to seven weeks of bad luck. She is correct, as she is thereafter pursued by a mischievous gremlin whom only she can see who does things such as tamper with her alarm clock. The film's interest and charm derives in large part from its extremely varied cast of supporting players. Although Robert Mitchum's role in the film has come to be emphasized for marketing purposes, he was not yet a star and only appears in the last twenty minutes or so of the movie. Horror film staple Rondo Hatton speaks no lines and gets a laugh merely by appearing on screen briefly in a surprise appearance. Billy Laughlin, playing a child who lives in Simon's apartment building, was better known at the time as Froggy in the Our Gang shorts.
Mausam	Bollywood	romance	Pankaj Kapoor	The main story of the film spans over a period 10 years, from 1992 to 2002 and includes references to Demolition of Babri Masjid, Bombay riots, 1993 Bombay bombings, Kargil War, 9/11 attacks and Post-Godhra Riots. Mausam is the story of two lovers, Harinder Singh, known as Harry (Shahid Kapoor) and Aayat (Sonam Kapoor). Harry is a happy-go-lucky Punjabi guy, whereas Aayat is a Kashmiri girl. In 1992 Aayat(Sonam Kapoor) and her Bua (Aunt) Fatima (Supriya Pathak) escape from Kashmir due to Militancy. Aayat's parents are murdered by the Militants, thus forcing her Uncle Ghulam Rasool(Kamal Chopra) and her chacha Maharaj Kishan(Anupam Kher) to send her along with her Aunt to Mallukot. In Mallukot, Aayat meets a young Happy-Go-Lucky boy named Harinder 'Harry' Singh(Shahid Kapoor). Harry is the son of a College Professor. He and his friends are popular locals who spend their days goofing around. A Mallukot girl named Rajjo(Aditi Sharma) however nurses a deep crush on Harry, but he constantly rejects her. But when Harry meets Aayat for the first time he is instantly smitten and falls in love with her. Aayat initially is hesitant but later reciprocates his love. They both grow close during the preparations of Pammo's (Harry's younger sister's) wedding. Pammo gets married to Mahinder Pal 'MP' Singh(Herry Tangri), Harry's friend from London. However following day after hearing the news of Babri Masjid's Demolition, Aayat and her family flee to Mumbai. Aayat however leaves without informing Harry, thus leaving him brokenhearted. In the meanwhile, Harry gets selected in the Indian Air Force, thus he also leaves Mallukot. In 1999, Harry and Aayat again meet in London. Aayat has been staying in London for the past seven years, after losing her relative in 1993 Mumbai Bomb Blasts. Harry has been sent by Indian Air Force on a special assignment. In London they again grow closer thus prompting Aayat's family to fix her marriage with Harry. Aayat later invites Harry over to her place. However just on the day of the visit, there is outbreak of hostilities between India and Pakistan in the Kargil sector, thus Harry is immediately recalled to India. On arrival, Harry is posted with a Mirage-2000 Squadron in Jodhpur. Meanwhile, Aayat's uncle passes away thus forcing her entire family to relocate from London back to Mallukot. Aayat and Harry both try to contact each other but fail. Harry is later deployed to Adampur Air Base (Gwalior Air Base in reality), where he is attached with No. 7 Squadron Battleaxes. Aayat goes to Ahmedabad and from there returns to London. In order to dislodge the enemy from Tiger Hill, Indian Air Force resorts to heavy aerial bombardment. Harry is selected to lead a special bombing mission over Tiger Hill. The mission is successful but Harry's aircraft malfunctions, thus he crash lands. It is later revealed that Harry's left arm is semi-paralysed and he himself would require 2 months to recover. Aayat meanwhile has left London, she stays with a Family friend's son (Akram) in New York, while her Aunt has returned to Ahmedabad. Two months later Harry is in Switzerland, for his nephew's birth, here Pammo convinces Harry to not let go of Aayat. He goes in search of her and realizes that she is in New York. However while travelling in a train in Switzerland, Harry spots Aayat with Akram and his son. Mistakingly believing that Aayat is married, he Feels that all hopes are lost, and thus completely decides to forget her. Terrorists bomb New York WTC Towers on 11 September 2001. As a result of these attacks there is a sudden surge in Hate Crimes against Muslims in USA and Europe., prompting Akram and Aayat to return to Ahmedabad. Co-incidentally even Harry is in Ahmedabad, for his friend's wedding. Meanwhile, Aayat decides to forget Harry and marry Akram. However in 2002 when the wedding is about to take place, Ahmedabad is engulfed in Riots. Aayat runs for her safety and is saved by Harry, who is also hiding. Harry and Aayat wait until the rioters leave, but they are accidently spotted and attacked. Harry and Aayat run into a blazing fair, where they rescue a Horse and a Baby girl. Aayat laments their fate, but Harry convinces her to forget the past and see the brighter future. In the epilogue it is revealed that, Harry and Aayat get married, they adopt the Baby girl and they themselves are expecting a child.
Sadma	Bollywood	romance	Balu Mahendra	Nehalata (Sridevi) is a young, modern girl who is unfortunately involved in an accident after which she loses part of her memory. The doctor diagnoses her with retrograde amnesia that leaves her with the memory and intelligence of a six or seven-year-old. One day, some crooks find out that she has retrograde amnesia, and hence abduct her from her parents and sell her to a brothel far away in order to make money out of her. Luckily, inside the brothel she meets Somu (Kamal Haasan)-a school teacher who realizes that she has been tricked into the trade and rescues her. He takes her to his home in Ooty where he lives with his grandmother and begins to take care of her. He addresses Nehalata as Reshmi, which was the pseudonym given to her at the brothel. Reshmi reciprocates Somu's care as they spend several months together sharing an amazing and innocent relationship that treads the tender line between affection and love. The sub-plot of the film follows the wife of Somu's boss who is attracted to Somu, though Somu never ever reciprocates her feelings. It depicts how the outside world succumbs to carnal desires which have no place in Somu and Reshmi's relationship. After a few months, with the advice from neighbours, Somu finally takes Reshmi to the village's medical practitioner who cures her and brings her back to her original sanity as she regains her memory up to the point of her accident. The neighbours and medical practitioner call her parents to come and see her alive and well now. The parents arrive and are overjoyed, they all embrace and give thanks to the medical practioner of the village who in turn tells them to be grateful to a man called Somu who had brought her to him for treatment. Anyway, the parents can not stay longer here so they say thank you, prayers and leave some gifts for Somu and the GP, and then depart with their daughter after tea. The re-united family boards a train that day to return to Home sweet Home.. When Somu comes to meet Reshmi later that day, he finds out from the villagers and the GP that Reshmi and her parents have left long ago and he was late. He follows the train to the destination. He meets Reshmi there but unfortunately despite all his efforts, she is indifferent to him .Thus, she is seen abandoning a heart broken Somu who was so attached to his reshmi and the unique relationship that they had once briefly shared.
In Search of Gregory	British	romance	Peter Wood	Catherine Morelli goes to the latest wedding of her father, Max, who in turn wants to introduce her there to a potential suitor, Gregory Mulvey.
The Swan	American	romance	Charles Vidor	The film, set in 1910, deals with the story of the daughter of a minor branch of a European royal house who is being considered as a wife for her cousin, the heir to the throne. Princess Alexandra (Grace Kelly) is the princess, her cousin the crown prince, Albert (Alec Guinness), and her brothers' tutor Dr. Nicholas Agi (Louis Jourdan), a commoner for whom she thinks she may feel more affection than she does for the prince. The princess's relatives – played by Jessie Royce Landis, Estelle Winwood, and Brian Aherne – are comically eccentric, and Agnes Moorehead, as the queen who shows up near the end to find out if the princess has made the grade, is crankily imperious. Leo G. Carroll plays their butler. Van Dyke Parks also appears in this movie. Princess Alexandra is urged by her mother to accept Albert so that their family may regain a throne that was taken from them by Napoleon. Princess Alexandra tries to gain Albert's attention; he is otherwise taken with sleeping late, shooting duck and playing football with Alexandra's two younger brothers. Alexandra's mother urges her to show interest in the tutor, Mr. Agi, to make Albert jealous and stimulate a proposal from him. Agi is already taken with Alexandra and when she invites him to the farewell ball for the crown prince he eagerly accepts. Later when they are dancing at the ball it appears that Albert is getting jealous but instead he is more interested in playing the bass viol in the orchestra. Later, Agi tells Alexandra how he feels about her. She tells him that it was all a ploy to get Albert to propose to her and she suspected he felt this way. She realizes that she has some feelings for him but he refuses her. Albert comes to find out about this situation and is a little taken aback. Albert and Agi trade insults. Agi then storms out and tries to leave the next morning. Alexandra, distraught over what happened, tries to leave with him, but he refuses her again. Albert's mother shows up and gets the entire story and is aghast. Albert gives his blessing to the pair and says that when he is king he will allow them back into the country. However, Agi ends up leaving the mansion without Alexandra. Albert tries to console Alexandra by telling her she is like a swan: on the water she looks serene, but on land she is more like a goose. Albert then offers Alexandra his arm and they walk back into the mansion together.
Someday	British	romance	Michael Powell	Curley (Knight) is a lift operator in a block of exclusive London apartments. Emily (Lockwood) is a cleaning-girl with a client, Canley (Henry Mollison), in the block, and she and Curley are attracted to one another and long to be married, but their poor economic prospects stand in the way. Emily has to spend some days in hospital, and Curley wants to treat her when she returns. He decides to prepare her a special dinner, using an apartment belonging to a tenant who is away on business and has entrusted Curley with a key to keep an eye on the property in his absence. Unfortunately, in the middle of the romantic meal, the apartment owner returns unexpectedly and is furious to discover the unauthorised use of his apartment. The situation degenerates into a physical fight, and the apartment owner subsequently files a charge of illegal entry against Curley. Things look bleak until the amiable Canley learns what has happened and steps in to set matters right.
Chaturanga	Bengali	romance	Suman Mukherjee	Based on the novel by author Rabindranath Tagore, Chaturanga is about a love caught between conflicting worlds of ideas. Set in Colonial Bengal at the turn of the twentieth century, the film weaves a rich tapestry of crisscrossing desires and moralities.The lead protagonist Sachish fleets from radical positivism to religious mysticism in his quest for life's meaning. However, his search ultimately yields nothing but crushing disillusionment. This is because he cannot square his abstract ideals with the powerful presences of two women in his life. One of them is Damini, a young Hindu widow, and the other is Nanibala, the abandoned mistress of Sachish's own brother.Sachish tries to convince himself that Nanibala is simply a helpless woman who needs to be 'rescued' by him. Similarly, during his later religious phase, he pretends that the widow Damini is merely an enticement of Nature that must be avoided at all costs for spiritual salvation. Chaturanga thus becomes, after a point, a psychodrama of unbelievable cruelty. Nanibala becomes a victim of it because as a 'fallen woman' she can only be 'saved', but her humanity cannot be recognized. Damini is first given away by her dying husband, along with all her property, to a religious guru. She then falls in love with Sachish who can accept her only without her sexuality.
Kati Patang	Bollywood	romance	Shakti Samanta	Madhavi Madhu (Asha Parekh) is an orphan living with her maternal uncle, who arranges her marriage with someone she does not know. Blinded in love with Kailash (Prem Chopra), she runs away on the day of the marriage. She discovers Kailash in the arms of Shabnam (Bindu). Heartbroken and dejected, she returns to her uncle, who had committed suicide from the humiliation. Realising that she has no one in life, Madhavi decides to leave town and head somewhere. She meets her childhood friend Poonam, who tells her about her husband's untimely demise in an accident and that she is on her way, along with her baby boy Munna, to stay with her in-laws whom she has never met before. Poonam manages to compel Madhu to accompany her as her plight is pitiful. En route, Poonam and Madhu catch up until the train derails and end up in a government hospital. Poonam has lost her limbs. She knows that her end is near, so has Madhu promise that she will assume Poonam's identity, bring Munna up and continue life in Poonam's in-law's house. Madhu has no choice but to give in to a dying mother's wish. In the downpour on the way, the cabbie attempts to rob her until Kamal (Rajesh Khanna), a forest ranger, rescues her and gives her shelter until the skies are clear the next day. She soon learns that Kamal is the very man with whom her marriage was arranged. Madhu leaves Kamal's home in shame and reaches Poonam's in-laws. Her father-in-law, Dinanath (Nazir Hussain) and mother-in-law (Sulochana) accept her and let her stay there. Kamal keeps visiting the house as he was the son of Dinanath's best friend. Soon, he realises that he is in love with Poonam. Madhu's ill fate has brought Kailash to Dinanath's house. He is after their money and is very close to revealing Madhu's identity. To be successful, he impresses all the members of the house, but Poonam takes a resentment to him. Dinanath soon realises Poonam's true identity and asks for the truth. When he realises what the matter really is, he accepts Madhavi and makes her the guardian of the Dinanath property which will be inherited by Munna. That night, Dinanath is poisoned by Kailash. Mrs. Dinanath accuses Poonam for what has happened and she is imprisoned. Now Shabnam enters the life of the Dinanaths claiming that she is the real Poonam. Mrs. Dinanath, in rage, sends her away and is ready for no story. Kamal takes a dislike towards Madhu, learning the truth. However, he eventually realises the truth and gets Shabnam and Kailash arrested for their evil intentions and Madhavi is freed. When Kamal searches for Madhu, he realises that she has left without any notice and left a letter for Kamal, stating that she is going out of his life and so, he should not try to find her out. Kamal starts searching for her and finds her trying to jump from a cliff and stops her by singing a song. They hug.
Vedha	Tamil	romance	Nithya Kumar	Vijay (Arun Vijay) is crazy about his younger brother Vadhan (Jerovadhan) who cannot stomach failure. Then in a college election, he impersonates the police officer on duty, batters a group of goondas, threatens other candidates and forces them to withdraw, only so that brother gets elected. But by this act, Vijay earns the wrath of the local gangster Sathya (Sathyaprakash). Meantime, Vijay meets Vedha (Sheila) and after a few meetings, both of them develop an affinity towards each other. Simultaneously, Vijay learns that Vadhan is in love. When Vadhan feels hesitant and unsure of success in his love, Vijay elects to help him, as usual. They visit a mall where predictably, Vadhan introduces Vedha as the light of his life. Hiding his disappointment Vijay congratulates his brother and with his convincing dialogues, persuades Vedha to marry Vadhan. The fairy-tale wedding takes place, but a shocking truth revealed during the wedding night shatters the lives of Vijay, Vedha and Vadhan.
Love Me and the World Is Mine	American	romance	Ewald André Dupont	Hannerl (Philbin) is a young woman growing up in Old Vienna. She falls in love with two men: A young army officer who can provide her love and security and an old wealthy man who can provide her a high-class life. She doesn't know who she wants to spend her life with, but must make her decision.
Karle Pyaar Karle	Bollywood	romance	Rajesh Pandey	Karle Pyaar Karle is a love story of two rebels, Kabir and Preet, who are playing the game of their life. Since their childhood, Kabir and Preet indulged in playing dangerous games trying to fight the fear and complexes within. In a desperate moment, 8-year-old Kabir indulged in an act that led him to the juvenile home. In order to protect him, his mother decided to leave town so as to escape the harsh punishment. After travelling from one city to another for twelve years, the family returns to their home town where Kabir and Preet reconnect. This marks the beginning of a new chapter of dares and games. Preet starts believing that they are ill-fated and it is best that they should stay away from each other. Kabir firmly believes that they can only survive if they are together.
Salala Mobiles	Malayalam	romance	Sharath A. Haridaasan	Afsal (Dulquer Salmaan) is a lazy fellow who sleeps till 11AM. His mother Safiyumma (Geetha) is so worried about him. Once, when his uncle comes from Salalah, Oman, he tells him that he can get a job over there. Afsal rejects it saying 'Working is slavery'. He tells that he want to set a mobile shop and needs fund for it. His uncle accepts it with one condition that the shop should be named 'Salalah Mobiles'. Afsal appoints his childhood friend Binoy (Jacob Gregory) as his assistant. There was a bus stop in front of the shop and every morning a college going girl (Nazriya Nazim) comes there. Afsal falls in love at first sight. He comes to know that her name is Shahana and his childhood classmate and enemy Manaf has a crush on her. After some days he goes to Coimbatore to get some stock. There he meets Azhagarsamy (Santhanam), a genius who has made many unbelievable applications. Afsal plans to purchase some of his apps. In the bar, when they were just talking Afsal calls Azhagarsamy a 'genius'. Azhagarsamy, who is so excited, gifts Afsal his mobile tapping app. Afsal returns to his place and there this virus spreads through messages and Afsal starts hearing every callers. Slowly, manaf realizes this and, being jealous of Afsal, reveals to the police about Afsal's nature
Camel Safari	Malayalam	romance	Jayaraj	Dia(Pankaja Menon) heroine of the movie is a management student in Mangalore. She and four of her friends(Catherine, Hashim, Yamini and Chinna Gounder) visits Rajasthan for 15 days to attend a marriage. There she meets a Rajput boy Pavan(Arun Shankar) and falls in love with him. What happens to her there after that in that unknown land makes the content of the film.[3]
Autumn in New York	American	romance	Joan Chen	Will Keane (Richard Gere) is a successful 48-year-old restaurateur and womanizer who is the subject of a recent New York magazine cover story. Charlotte Fielding (Winona Ryder) is a free-spirited, 22-year-old woman brought to Will's upscale restaurant by her grandmother and friends to celebrate her birthday. Will notices her immediately and her grandmother, an old friend of his, introduces them. Will admires the hats she made for the occasion and is surprised to learn that Charlotte is the daughter of one of his old girlfriends, Katy, who died in a car accident. The next day, Will calls and asks Charlotte to make a hat for his date to an upcoming benefit dinner. A few days later, she delivers the hat to his apartment. Stood up by his date, he invites her to accompany him to the formal benefit. There they dance, get to know each other and later end up back at his apartment where they have sex. The next morning, while having breakfast on his terrace, Will explains that their relationship has no future. She acknowledges this, revealing she is dying from a heart condition. Later, Will tells his friend, John Volpe (Anthony LaPaglia), about his interest in Charlotte. The next day, Will calls on Charlotte and they go out together. They talk about their age difference and her illness. As they walk through the beautiful fall foliage in Central Park, Charlotte recites lines from the poem God's World by Edna St. Vincent Millay. As they talk, she notices him checking his watch, and she takes it from his wrist, saying she'll return it when he forgets that she has it. At his restaurant, they continue to get to know each other while preparing a meal for his staff. Watching her among his friends, he begins to fall in love. Back at his apartment, Charlotte experiences severe heart pain. At the hospital, Will learns from the doctor that she is suffering from neuroblastoma, a rare illness in adults, which in her case produced a tumor near her heart. She has perhaps a year to live. In the coming days, their relationship grows and she learns more about him. When she asks why he is so interested in food, Will responds, Food is the only beautiful thing that truly nourishes. At a Halloween party, Charlotte, dressed as Emily Dickinson, entertains children by reciting lines from one of Dickinson's poems and bringing the words to life with butterflies on her fingers: Two butterflies went out at noon and waltzed above a stream, then stepped straight through the firmament and rested on a beam; and then together bore away upon a shining sea – though never yet, in any port, their coming mentioned be.[Note 1] Meanwhile, in another room, Will meets a former girlfriend and the two end up on the roof having sex. Later, Charlotte suspects that he was unfaithful, and after denying it, he acknowledges his actions. Charlotte breaks off their relationship. They are both deeply affected by the breakup. Meanwhile, Will receives a letter from Lisa Tyler (Vera Farmiga), the illegitimate daughter he's never met. He goes to the museum where she works and recognizes her from an old photo, but he is unable to approach her. A few nights later he arrives home and Lisa is waiting for him in the lobby; they talk for the first time. She is pregnant and has become sentimental about parenthood, wanting just to meet her own father. She tells him about a dream she's had, that he's been trying to find her all these years in order to say he was sorry for abandoning her. Will says quietly, Yes I am. The next day, Will is walking through Central Park and steps over a fence onto a path, leaving behind some children playing beneath a tree. That night, Charlotte returns to her apartment and finds Will asleep in her chair. Angry at first, she tells him to leave, but he apologizes and pleads to be given another chance – to let him love her again. She cries as he holds her in his arms, and later that night they make love. In the morning, Charlotte recites to him lines from a poem: The stars are soft as flowers, and as near; the hills are webs of shadow, slowly spun; no separate leaf or single blade is here – all blend to one.[Note 2] Later, while skating at Rockefeller Center, Charlotte suddenly collapses on the ice. At the hospital, Will learns that the tumor has progressed and that she may only have a few weeks to live. In the coming days, Will searches for a specialist who can perform the necessary heroic surgery to save her life. He turns to his daughter for help, and she finds a specialist who agrees to perform the surgery when the times comes. On Christmas morning, Charlotte wakes up and hears Will decorating the house and terrace. As she prepares to bring him his Christmas gift, Charlotte collapses. She is rushed to the hospital and the specialist is called. At the hospital, Will comes to her side and whispers to her lines from a poem: Time cannot break the bird's wing from the bird. Bird and wing together go down, one feather. No thing that ever flew, not the lark, not you, can die as others do.[Note 3] Their hands separate as Charlotte is taken to the operating room. Will, his friends, Lisa, and Charlotte's grandmother wait during the long hours of surgery. Outside the hospital, seagulls fly off into the snowy skies over the city. Finally, the specialist emerges from surgery, and as he approaches it is clear from his expression that he could not save her. Back at his apartment, Will finds Charlotte's Christmas gift lying on the floor – a small box with the hat stem she designed for him. Opening the box, he finds the watch she took from him on their first date. He stands at his window weeping, holding the box closely to his chest. The following summer on a small boat on Central Park Lake, Will is holding his newborn grandson in his arms as his daughter Lisa looks on with a loving smile. Will notices a swan, and then a reflection in the water of a young woman walking over the Bow Bridge. Father, daughter, and grandson drift peacefully on the lake.
Love Aaj Kal	Bollywood	romance	Imtiaz Ali	Jai and Meera are a modern-day couple living in London. They are happy with each other, but do not believe in tying each other down so when career beckons, they have a mutual break-up, but remain friends. Meera goes to India, while Jai stays in London, hoping to be called to San Francisco, where working at the Golden Gate Inc. is his dream job. Jai begins to date a blonde named Jo, while Meera returns the feelings of her boss, Vikram. The couple believes they have moved on. Running simultaneously, but set in the past, is the tale of Veer Singh. A great believer of love, the Sikh narrates his love story to Jai to try to convince him not to let Meera go from his life. He explains how he fell for a girl named Harleen. Jai ridicules Veer, who vowed to marry Harleen before he had even gotten to talk to her. But, on Veer's insistence, he agrees to pay Meera a surprise visit in India. Meera is stunned, and the two lie to both Jo and Vikram to spend time with each other. They realize how much they still like each other's company. Jai and Jo break up as Jai is unable to reciprocate the deeper feelings that Jo longs for. On the day Jai is to leave, Vikram proposes to Meera. She meets Jai secretly, who tells her she should make a decision. Angry, Meera tells him to leave her life or else she will never be able to really move on. Parallel to this, we find that Harleen has told Veer she was engaged without being told, and he must leave her. Jai is called to his dream job in San Francisco the same day Meera realizes her marriage is a mistake. She tells Vikram the truth and calls Jai, but he tells her about the Golden Gate. Realizing he is going to San Francisco, she tells him nothing. Meanwhile, Veer declares his intentions of marrying Harleen but is badly beaten by her family. Jai begins to lose interest in his dream job, finding that he is not as happy as he thought he would be. He is beaten by some thugs when, while being mugged, he refuses to give them a picture of Meera. He then realizes he still loves her, and goes back to India. He finds Vikram, who informs him that Meera left him. In the past, Veer travels to Harleen's house on the day of her wedding, and convinces her mother that Harleen can only be happy with him. Harleen's mother lets Veer secretly sneak out with her daughter, and the two marry happily. In the present, Jai and Meera have a heart-touching reunion.
The Pleasure Seekers	American	romance	Jean Negulesco	Three beautiful American women come to Madrid and fall in love. Susie Higgins (Pamela Tiffin) arrives and moves in with her old friend Maggie Williams (Carol Lynley) and roommate Fran Hobson (Ann-Margret). Susie experiences a culture shock, when she is informed by Maggie and Fran that all rich, attractive men are taken, and all attractive but poor ones are too proud to take on American women. It becomes clear to Susie that she is nothing like her roommates. Maggie, for instance, is a secretary who has recently ended an affair and is now in love with her married boss Paul Barton (Brian Keith), much to the dismay of her co-worker Pete McCoy (Gardner McKay), a newspaper man. Fran, an aspiring actress, flamenco dancer and singer, stumbles upon an attractive Spanish doctor Dr. Andres Briones (André Lawrence) and immediately falls for him, even though he does not seem to be interested. In contrast, Susie implies in conversation with her roommates that she is a virgin and tells them, Don't spread it around! While at the Museo del Prado, Susie catches the eye of wealthy playboy Emilio Lacayo (Anthony Franciosa). Homesick, she is comforted by the kind words of Emilio and dismisses Maggie's warnings that he is a corrupt, heartless man. During a party, where Fran delivers a musical performance, Susie is surprised by Emilio's interest in another girl and his lack of attention for her. Maggie is upset that a dance between her and Paul is interrupted by his jealous wife Jane (Gene Tierney). She asks Pete for a ride home and learns his plans to leave Madrid for Paris, which is caused by his dislike of Paul. Feeling that he is behaving too much like a playboy, Maggie admits that she thinks that Pete could be a great newspaper man if he tried. The next morning, Susie attempts to take revenge on Emilio with a devious plan. Fran offers to aid her, but when she crosses paths with Dr. Briones, she dismisses her friend to spend a romantic afternoon with him. Briones criticizes Fran's mockery of her own career, though she rationalizes this by claiming that one should not be serious about a career that is going nowhere. Hereafter, she claims that Briones has left her and that she is planning on returning to the United States. Susie sets out to make Emilio believe that she is falling for him. When he proposes marriage, she hastily accepts and rushes into the proceedings -- with the intention to scare him off -- much to his surprise. Later that night, she confronts him about his playboy behavior, but Emilio claims that he has fallen for her. At the office, Maggie discusses Pete's love for her and Paul expresses his dissatisfaction with current life. It leads to a romantic embrace. Pete walks in on them and storms off. Paul wakes up Maggie that night with a phone call, saying he needs Pete for an assignment. Maggie is upset that Paul assumes that Pete would be with her at night. She throws a tantrum, blaming him for thinking that she is easy. Susie comforts her by informing her about her engagement to Emilio. Then they find out that Fran has left the house. They worry about her, without realizing that she is spending her final days at the beach in Malagá happily with Briones. Fran offers to cancel her plane to stay with Briones in Malagá, helping him to save money for his clinic, though he has too much pride to ask her not to leave. Fran returns home to Madrid, telling her friends that Briones was too poor to support her. Susie is stood up by Emilio on an afternoon when she is scheduled to meet his mother (Isobel Elsom). She decides to visit by herself, and is shocked that Mrs. Lacayo has no idea who she is. The older woman apologizes for her son's behavior and explains that this is not the first time that Emilio misled a girl, leaving Susie heartbroken. Back at home, Maggie runs to a formal party with Paul, where she is confronted by Jane for being Paul's mistress. Maggie defends herself by claiming that Jane has lost her husband due to her lack of love for him, and when she furthermore expresses her pity, Jane slaps her and leaves. Maggie gets drunk and allows Pete to take her home. They are about to kiss when she passes out. The following day, Maggie visits the office to inform Paul that she will return to New York with Fran and Susie. Paul accepts the situation and even arranges a meeting with Emilio to make him realize that he has made a mistake with Susie. On their final evening, the three women attend yet another party, where Paul announces his shift to New York. The women decide to stay and are all reunited with their men, though Maggie ends not with Paul, but with Pete, who will be Paul's successor in Madrid.
No More Orchids	American	romance	Walter Lang	The departure of an ocean liner is held up to wait for spoiled heiress Anne Holt (Carole Lombard). Tony Gage (Lyle Talbot) expresses his contempt of her inconsiderate behavior to a fellow passenger, who agrees with him, even though she is the woman's paternal grandmother, Gran Holt (Louise Closser Hale). During the voyage, Anne and Tony become acquainted and fall in love, but he refuses to marry her because she is already engaged to Prince Carlos (Jameson Thomas) and because of the enormous financial gulf between them. He is too poor to even afford to buy her orchids. Anne's father Bill (Walter Connolly) finds out and invites the man to dinner. He likes Tony very much. Eventually, Anne breaks down Tony's resistance and they become engaged. However, there is a formidable obstacle—her grandfather Jerome Cedric (C. Aubrey Smith). He had already been foiled once before in his ambition to have royalty in the family, when his daughter married Bill against his wishes. The richest man in America, Cedric had arranged the marriage to Carlos, going so far as to finance a revolution to restore the prince to his position. When he learns of the danger to his plans, he first threatens to disinherit his granddaughter; when that does not work, he informs Anne that Bill's bank is on the verge of bankruptcy and that he will not prop it up unless she marries his choice. Heartbroken, Anne gives in and breaks off her engagement to Tony without telling him the reason. When Bill finds out, he lies to Anne, telling her that he has found alternate financing to save the bank. He arranges an impromptu wedding for Anne and Tony. Then, he flies off in his plane, supposedly on business, but in reality to commit suicide.
Before the Rains	British	romance	Santosh Sivan	Before the Rains is set in 1930s Malabar District of the Madras Presidency of British India, against the backdrop of a growing nationalist movement. An idealistic young Indian man, T.K. Neelan (Rahul Bose) finds himself torn between his ambitions for the future and his loyalty to tradition when people in his village learn of an affair between his British boss and close friend Henry Moores (Linus Roache) and a married village woman Sajani (Nandita Das). Henry and T.K. are working on constructing a road in rural Kerala. The start of the film focuses on the affair between Henry and his house-maid Sajani. They make love near a waterfall, witnessed by two children who flee. Both Henry and Sajani are married to different partners and both know of each other's marriages. Henry's wife Laura and son Peter return from their vacation in England. Sajani is distraught but Henry assures Sajani that she is the one he loves. Sajani's violent husband finds out about her infidelity and brutally beats her. Sajani flees to Henry's house; Henry instructs T.K. to take her away into hiding. T.K tells Sajani never to come back as she is now disgraced and her presence in the village will endanger Henry's life. Sajani does not believe T.K but leaves nonetheless. During this time, resentment towards the British grows stronger; news about an adulterous act between an Indian woman and a British man would be inflammatory. Sajani's love for Henry drives her back to Henry's house. Henry tells her to leave and admits that he does not love her. A distraught Sajani finds T.K's handgun (a gift from Henry), shoots herself in the chest and dies. T.K. and Henry throw her body in the river to conceal her death. Sajani's disappearance garners interest in the village. Sajani's brother Manas and husband gather the men of the village to search the jungle for her. The same two children who discovered Sajani and Henry near the waterfall in compromising position then discover her dead body. It is established that a bullet from an English pistol killed her. A mob led by Sajani's husband attacks T.K., the only Indian man around with a handgun. The bullet and the handgun match and T.K is tried by the village council for murder. T.K is forced to tell the truth to the council, while Henry's wife discovers her husband's affair and his involvement in Sajani's death and leaves her husband to return to England with their son. T.K proves his innocence to the council in a test of fire. The council elders tell T.K. that he has to kill Henry to get his honour back since he aided and abetted in covering up a killing. Sajani's brother and T.K. go to kill Henry. When it comes to the moment for T.K to kill Henry, he cannot pull the trigger but instead tells Henry that no man owns anything, it belongs to everyone. The film ends with the onset of the monsoon. Henry and T.K's road holds and does not yield to the pouring rains.
Together Again	American	romance	Charles Vidor	Anne Crandall succeeds her husband as mayor of Brookhaven, Vermont, when he dies. She takes her duties as mayor seriously, and after five years of faithful service, her father-in-law, Jonathan Crandall, begins to worry about her health and her social life since she spends most of her waking hours at the office. Jonathan interprets a lightning bolt's beheading a statue of the former mayor as a sign from his late son that enough is enough. Despite this, Anne travels to New York City to commission a new statue of her late husband from a sculptor, George Corday. Her life takes a curve when she meets the sculptor, who is very interested in this soulful young woman, whom he finds out has been married to a much older man. George takes Anne out to dinner and they are attracted to each other. Anne even helps George win a bet that he can guess her weight, by adjusting the scale. Later they go to Leonardo's, a nightclub where a striptease show is in progress, featuring dancer Gilda La Verne. The evening with George moves Anne's circles, and she is upset about his observations and thoughts about her previous life. Eventually she spills food on her dress, and goes to the ladies' room to attend to the spot. She takes off her dress to be cleaned; while it is being ironed by a helpful attendant, the police raid the club. Gilda flees to the ladies' room, snatches up the dress, and escapes through a window. When the police enter the room, they mistake Anne for the stripper, and arrest her. A horde of newspaper photographers follow the police, and Anne gets her picture taken, half-naked, covering her face, claiming her name is P. Borat Sosa – a name she saw somewhere in George's studio. Anne returns to Brookhaven and tells everyone that the sculptor was too busy to make the sculpture. Jonathan is not so easily fooled, and asks Anne many questions about her whereabouts and business in the city. Eventually she admits where she was and that she was arrested for indecency. Her stepdaughter Diana, who was really keen on the making of a new sculpture, is very disappointed when she hears the news. Anne tries to avoid further suspicion about her dealings with the sculptor by describing him as an ugly old man. Unfortunately George turns up at the Crandall home, and charms both Diana and Jonathan, and they invite him to stay with them until the sculpture is finished. Anne makes a deal with George, that he keep quiet about the arrest if he can work on the statue for one week. While the work progresses, both Anne and Diana become more and more attracted to George, behaving stranger and stranger to catch his attention. When Anne and George are at the stonecutter's, a rainstorm makes them take cover under a statue of Cupid. George tells Anne he is in love with her and tries to kiss her, but Diana arrives in a car to take them both home. Later that evening, George tells Jonathan about his love for Anne, and Jonathan confides that Anne has promised Diana never to remarry. George is prompted to ask Diana's permission to pursue Anne. George tries to talk to Diana, but she mistakes his talk about love and marriage as a declaration of love towards her instead. Diana soon tells the others about her engagement to George, and her boyfriend Gilbert Parker goes to Anne for advice. They decide to make Diana jealous with Anne faking being in love with Gilbert. Jonathan tries to throw Anne and George in each other's arms, by telling Anne's major opponent in the mayoral elections, Morton Buchanan, about Anne's arrest in New York. The next day the story is in the papers, and Diana realizes that Anne and George had something going back in the city. Diana tells George to marry Anne and make an honest woman of her. Despite the story of the arrest, the townspeople elect Anne as mayor. George, having completed the statue, goes back to New York City. On a stormy night, Anne and Jonathan gets into an argument about her letting George go. Another lightning bolt hits and beheads the statue. The townspeople interpret this a sign for Anne to step down. She does, and then rejoices at her new freedom. But Jessie, the housekeeper, tells Jonathan that George made the statue so that the head would fall off. Anne goes to New York to reconcile with George, but in the hall outside his door, she overhears him telling his model how he rigged the statue, and turns away. But then thunder and lightning erupt outside, and Anne turns again toward George's door.[1]
The Rose Bowl Story	American	romance	William Beaudine	Qualifying to play in the illustrious Rose Bowl football game on New Year's Day, a Midwestern college's quarterback, Steve Davis, isn't as happy as he should be because playing football doesn't excite him, but his teammate Bronc Buttram is thrilled. Their coach, Jim Hadley, is equally pleased because his ill wife has gone to warmer Glendale, California for her health, so he will now be able to spend more time with her. Steve perks up in Pasadena while meeting the Rose Bowl's committee and particularly the tournament's queen, Denny Burke, a beauty in a fur coat. Steve believes she's wealthy as well as beautiful and manages to get her telephone number. He can't get through, however, because Denny's younger sister Sally is always tying up the phone. Finding her house, Steve learns she's a middle-class girl whose dad, Iron Mike Burke, once played in a Rose Bowl game himself. Denny takes exception to Steve's disappointment that she's not rich and to his blasé attitude toward the Rose Bowl, a tradition her family loves. The self-involved Steve develops a guilty conscience. Agreeing to spend New Year's Eve with her family, Steve stands up Denny because he's at the hospital, where Coach Hadley's wife has taken a turn for the worse. He gets busy signals phoning because Sally's hogging it again. Next morning, Bronc explains to Denny and she is relieved. At the game, the coach announces his wife's going to be all right. Steve leads the team to victory, unselfishly letting Bronc score the winning touchdown. He and Denny are in love and plan to marry.
The Holiday	American	romance	Nancy Meyers	Iris Simpkins (Kate Winslet), a society columnist for The Daily Telegraph in London, is still in love with her co-worker Jasper Bloom (Rufus Sewell) for over three years, even though he cheated on her and they have broken up. When she learns that he is engaged to marry another woman, Iris is distraught, and desirous of a life change. Meanwhile, Amanda Woods (Cameron Diaz), a workaholic business executive living in Los Angeles, discovers that her boyfriend Ethan Ebbers (Edward Burns) has been cheating on her with his receptionist. After breaking up with him, she decides to get away for the Christmas holidays and visits a home-exchange website on which Iris has listed her cottage in Surrey, England. Amanda contacts Iris, and the two women agree to swap homes for two weeks. While Iris revels in the luxury of Amanda's large Los Angeles home, Amanda is disappointed by the slow, quiet pace of life in Iris's quaint cottage. She grows bored after only a few hours and books a flight home for the following day. Later that night, Iris's brother, Graham (Jude Law), knocks at the door thinking Iris is home. Graham asks Amanda to let him spend the night despite never previously meeting, as he has been drinking at the pub and does not want to drive home. Amanda agrees. After a brief, drunken conversation, they kiss and later end up sleeping together. In the morning, Graham receives phone calls from Sophie and Olivia, which arouse Amanda's suspicions that Graham has multiple girlfriends. Graham, knowing that Amanda is planning to return home imminently, invites her to dinner later that night if she decides to change her mind, which she later does. They spend time together over the days that follow, but Amanda becomes worried that their relationship will be complicated as she is only living in England for two weeks. Meanwhile in America, Iris meets Miles Dumont (Jack Black), Ethan's assistant, and later, an elderly neighbour named Arthur Abbott (Eli Wallach). She learns that he was a screenwriter during the Golden Age of Hollywood. The two become friends. Arthur notes that Iris's relationship with Jasper is not serving her well, and he suggests movies for her to watch that include strong female characters, in hopes that she can acquire what he calls gumption. Back in England, Amanda chooses not to see Graham again but, alone again in the cottage, she has a change of heart and surprises Graham at his house, where she meets his two young daughters, Sophie and Olivia. He reveals he is a widower. Iris then discovers that the Screenwriters' Guild wants to throw a grand celebration in Arthur's honor, but he is reluctant to attend because he does not expect to know many of the attendees, he cannot walk without the assistance of his walker, and he does not want to embarrass himself on stage. Iris encourages him to go and promises to help him prepare by undertaking an exercise program together, determined to help him walk without his walker. During this time, Jasper contacts her from England, asking her to assist with the book he is writing. She agrees to look over his pages, but does not have the chance to do so after spending so much time with Miles and Arthur. Iris and Miles slowly become close friends and spend more and more time together. Iris returns to Amanda's house and is surprised to find Jasper at her doorstep. Iris is touched at first and the two spend a cosy night in together, only for Iris to discover he is still engaged. She breaks up with him for good, claiming he has never treated her right and has finally got clarity. Meanwhile, Miles breaks up with his cheating girlfriend also, and rushes to attend Arthur's award ceremony with Iris. The event is filled with attendees standing and applauding Arthur's lifetime of achievements. That, and the music that Miles wrote especially for Arthur for this moment, give him the confidence to walk onto the stage unassisted. Miles asks Iris for a date on New Year's Eve, but she reminds him she will be back in England by then. He agrees to travel to the United Kingdom for her. Meanwhile, Graham confesses his love for Amanda on the night before she is scheduled to depart, but Amanda is still doubtful that a long-distance relationship will work. On her way to the airport, she realises she feels the same way and returns to the cottage and reunites with Graham. Amanda tells him that she has decided to stay to spend New Year's Eve with him, and they embrace. Iris and Miles celebrate the new year with Amanda and Graham and his two daughters, enjoying the evening, and laughing and dancing together.
Gurudev	Bollywood	romance	Vinod Mehra	Inspector Dev Kumar and Gaurav (alias Guru) are childhood friends. While Dev Kumar is with the police, his dad, Parshu Ram, works with the underworld and is the right-hand man of Kakhan, a criminal don who is Guru's dad. When Inspector Khan is assigned the case of apprehending Kakhan, his first suspect is Dev himself. Dev must prove to Khan that he is earnest and will not hesitate to arrest Kakhan. It remains to be seen if Dev will apprehend his friend's dad or just play around.
Kuch Tum Kaho Kuch Hum Kahein	Bollywood	romance	Unknown	Vishnupratap Singh (Vikram Gokhale) is celebrating his 60th birthday in his village with his wife (Farida Jalal). At the behest of his wife, Vishnu Pratap calls his estranged son's family from Bombay for the event. Their grandson, Abhay (Fardeen Khan), arrives with his mother and sister to the village, and is initially greeted with animosity. However, he shows a kind and caring side that wins the affections of his family members. He also starts to become friendly with Mangala (Richa Pallod), and the two start playing pranks and teasing each other, which eventually leads to them falling in love. Abhay ends up getting into a fight with the family of Virendra Pratap (Govind Namdeo), specifically his nephew, Rudra Pratap (Sharad Kapoor). Vishnu Pratap slaps Abhay afterwards for his actions, even though he was defending himself against Rudra. Abhay finds out Rudra's anger towards his family is a deep-rooted family feud. Virendra Pratap and Vishnu Pratap are brothers-in-law who were once very close friends after Vishnu married his sister to Virendra. 25 years before, they decided that Abhay's father, Indra, would marry Virendra Pratap's niece. However, Indra was in love with Abhay's mother, and ran away on the day of the wedding to avoid the marriage. The bride, despondent over her humiliation, committed suicide that day; Virendra Pratap's son-in-law and brother also died, as a result of the fight that broke out at the wedding. Vishnu Pratap blames his son for the discourse within the family, and shunned him and his children, as a result. Abhay, hearing this, resolves to reunite the two families in some way. Rudra, however, is determined to kill Abhay and his family to avenge the deaths of his sister and father. Abhay eventually succeeds in reconciling the two families, and decides to ask his grandfather for permission to marry Mangala. However, Mangala's marriage is arranged to a member of Virendra Pratap's family in order to reunite the families permanently. Abhay sacrifices his love for Mangala in order to let the families come back together. However, Mangala refuses to agree, and runs away; Abhay tries to stop her from leaving for the sake of their family. The families eventually find out about Mangala running away, and Rudra goes after her, intending to kill Abhay. The two get into a fight, until Rudra stabs Abhay. At that point, Vishnu Pratap and Virendra Pratap show up with the family after finding out about Abhay and Mangala's love, and realizing the mistake they've made. Rudra also comes to realize his mistake, and reunites Abhay and Mangala, as the families finally reconcile.
Lahu Ke Do Rang	Bollywood	romance	Mahesh Bhatt	Shamsher Singh (played by Vinod Khanna) is part of the Indian army led by Subhas Chandra Bose to fight the British out of India. With the British on his back to catch him in Hong Kong, he is rescued and helped by Suzy (played by Helen). Falling in love with him, Suzy becomes pregnant with Shamsher's baby. But she lets Shamsher go back to India as he is on a greater mission, asking him to return to take her and their baby along with him to India. Back in India, Shamsher is already married to Ladjo (played by Indrani Mukherjee). The two of them have a son named Raj. Shamsher's friend Shankar (played by Ranjeet) betrays them all with help of Mac (played by Mac Mohan) and kills Shamsher. But Mac also betrays Shankar and hides the looted gold somewhere without telling it to Shankar. Years later Shamsher's son Raj Singh (also played by Vinod Khanna) joins the police force and becomes an Inspector. He is now interested in finding the murderers of his father. Mac, who finishes his jail time, is released and is hunted by Shankar for the looted gold. Shankar has now changed his name into Devi Dayal. Mac reveals to Devi Dayal that the gold is buried in a car that is at the bottom of a deep lake. To fetch the gold, they hire an excellent diver Suraj (played by Danny Denzongpa). Suraj is the illegitimate son of Shamsher and Suzy and is angry about how her mother Suzy was betrayed by Shamsher and how he never returned to get them. On his quest to solve a murder case, Raj goes to Darjeeling where he meets Roma (played by Shabana Azmi) and falls in love with her. Suraj is also in Darjeeling on his new job called in by Devi Dayal. Suraj too falls in love with Roma, but is very hesitant to communicate. Roma's tells Raj of how her mother had been hooked to drugs by Devi Dayal. A series of incidents reveal all the secrets and Raj and Suraj unite to take revenge for their father's death.
Aaru Sundarimaarude Katha	Malayalam	romance	Rajesh K. Abraham	Aaru Sundarimarude Katha tells the story of six women whose destinies affect each other as they bond together for their respective families in the face of adversities which includes the murder of one among these.[3]
My Love Came Back	American	romance	Curtis Bernhardt	A beautiful young violinist named Amelia Cornell (Olivia de Havilland) is a student at the prestigious Brissac Academy of Music in New York City. Unable to support her mother on her meager scholarship stipend, she is forced to provide music lessons in her spare time—something strictly forbidden by the school and enforced zealously by the dean of the school, Dr. Kobbe (Grant Mitchell). Frustrated by her financial constraints and at being treated like a child by the dean, Amelia decides to leave the academy and join a jazz group led by her fellow student and swing bandleader Dusty Rhodes (Eddie Albert). Meanwhile, after seeing Amelia perform at a concert, a distinguished wealthy patron of the arts, Julius Malette (Charles Winninger), finally accepts the academy's offer to make him president of the school—an offer inspired by Julius' wealth and influence. When he learns that Amelia is planning to leave the academy for financial reasons, Julius—who has a crush on the much younger violinist—secretly arranges for a second scholarship that will allow her to continue her studies. After Amelia meets her patron, the kind and gentlemanly president sends her a phonograph player and records, and escorts her to concerts to broaden her musical experience. One evening, Julius is unable to attend a concert with Amelia and sends his young business manager, Tony Baldwin (Jeffrey Lynn), to the concert hall to explain his absence. In the coming days, Tony and Amelia begin to fall in love, but Tony does not reveal his feelings, believing that Amelia is his boss's mistress. The budding relationship between Tony and Amelia is further complicated when Julius' brash son Paul (William T. Orr) discovers that Tony has been mailing company checks to Amelia, unaware that these scholarship checks were mailed at his father's request. When Paul accuses Tony of misappropriating company funds, Tony protects his boss with his silence. Later, Paul sees his Julius entering Amelia's apartment, he believes that his father is being unfaithful to his mother. He apologizes to Tony and thanks him for trying to shield his family from the sordid news. When Paul tells Tony that Julius is with Amelia, Tony decides not to see Amelia again, nor answer her calls. His distrust is reinforced when he learns that the checks sent to Amelia have been cashed—he doesn't know that her friend Dusty borrowed the money. Soon after, Julius and his wife organize a party and hire Amelia's roommate, Joy O'Keefe (Jane Wyman), and her boyfriend, Dusty Rhodes, to provide an evening of innovative classical and swing music. At the party, Amelia confesses everything to Mrs. Malette, and then plays swing violin with the band, shocking Julius and her teacher. The music critic at the party, however, is impressed, which gives her new style legitimacy. When Amelia learns that Dusty borrowed her check, and how that must have looked to Tony, she demands that Dusty explain to Tony what had been going on. Afterwards, Tony approaches Amelia in the garden, apologizes for his suspicions, and kisses her passionately.
Sreeram	Telugu	romance	V. N. Aditya	Sreeram (Uday Kiran) is an unemployed youth who tries for the police selections to become a Sub Inspector of Police. There is a righteous police officer Narayana (Siva Krishna) who encourages Sreeram to become a police officer. He has a steady girl friend Madhu (Anita Hassanandani). One evening, Sreeram beats a guy black and blue as that guy misbehaves with Madhu. Later on, Sreeram realizes that the person whom he has beaten is a deadly CI (Circle Inspector) of Police whose name is 'Encounter' Shankar (Ashish Vidyarthi). Sreeram's sister marriage is settled with the brother of Madhu. When the marriage of Sreeram's sister is about to happen, Encounter Shankar traces Sreeram and beats him up badly in police station and leaves him on a railway track and expects the train to run over Sreeram. But luckily, Sreeram escapes from death. The parents of Sreeram find out the beaten up Sreeram with the help of Narayana and they join him in a hospital. The doctor inspects the injuries, dresses him up and tells them that Sreeram won't be able to move his body for 3 months and he needs complete rest. But his interview for SI post is scheduled in the next month, which requires him to be physically fit. He motivates himself and attends interview as with 100% fitness. In the meantime, Encounter Shankar is under impression that Sreeram is dead. But Sreeram is selected for the post of SI and Encounter Shankar is asked to enquire and give the conduct certificate of Sreeram. After confirming that Sreeram is alive, Encounter Shankar gives a bad conduct certificate. And he also teases Sreeram into a street fight and takes clandestine photographs and produces them to the higher authorities as evidence. The hide and seek game between Sreeram and Encounter Shankar comes to an end when Encounter Shankar comes to Sreeram's place to humiliate him. How Sreeram wins over Encounter Shankar is the point that is covered in the climax.
I Hate Luv Storys	Bollywood	romance	Punit Malhotra	Simran (Sonam Kapoor) loves Bollywood romances so much so that her life has begun to resemble one. With her awesome job and a Mr. Perfect fiancé, Raj (Sameer Dattani), she lives a dreamy life. But then comes Jay (Imran Khan), who brings a fresh joy into her life. Jay is an assistant to a director who is famous for his love story films; however, Jay hates love stories. He is a disbeliever of love. He first hates Simran for her obsession with romance, and Simran also has a bad impression of him, but soon after, the two become friends. Simran's close bond with Jay brings problems in her love life. She feels that Raj is not right for her, and falls in love with Jay, dreaming of spending her entire life with him. She decides to confess her feelings to him, but after doing so, Jay explains that he never thought of her that way—they were only best friends. Heartbroken, Simran leaves and does not speak to Jay. Jay finds that her absence in his life upsets him and realises that he has fallen in love with her. He plans a romantic dinner, asking Simran to meet him. He admits that he loves her but this time, she rejects him, as she does not want to hurt Raj's feelings after giving him another chance. A brokenhearted Jay tries to accept the fact that he has lost Simran to Raj. However, Jay's friends and his mother persuade him to not give up on Simran. Jay tries to make Simran jealous but soon realises that manipulating her feelings will hurt her even more. Meanwhile, Raj proposes to Simran, and she accepts. But, Simran realises she doesn't love Raj, and tells him so. She goes to the movie premiere, where she hopes to meet Jay. On the other hand, Jay is leaving, as he has given up all hopes of being with Simran. At the airport, he talks to his mother and she again asks him not to give up. Encouraged, Jay runs back to the premiere. He finds Simran outside the theatre and the two express their love for each other and hug, finally getting their happy ending.
Since You Went Away	American	romance	John Cromwell	In January 1943, Anne Hilton (Claudette Colbert) is an upper-middle-class housewife living in a Midwestern town near a military base with her two teenage daughters, Jane (Jennifer Jones) and Bridget Brig (Shirley Temple). Anne's beloved husband Tim Hilton has volunteered for U.S. Army service in World War II. Anne has just returned from seeing her husband off to Camp Claiborne, and she and her daughters must adjust to Tim's absence and make other sacrifices for the war effort, including food rationing; planting a victory garden; giving up the services of their loyal maid Fidelia (Hattie McDaniel) who nevertheless offers to continue working part-time for the Hiltons while foregoing wages; and taking in a boarder, the curmudgeonly retired Colonel Smollett (Monty Woolley). When the Hiltons travel by train in a failed attempt to see Tim one last time before he ships out, they encounter or travel with many other people whose lives have been affected by the war, and they end up not getting to see Tim because their train is delayed to allow a defense supply train to go through first. In contrast, the Hiltons' socialite neighbor Emily Hawkins (Agnes Moorehead) complains about the inconveniences caused by the war and engages in unsupportive behaviors such as hoarding food and criticizing the Hiltons' efforts. The Colonel has a strained relationship with his young grandson, Bill Smollett (Robert Walker), because Bill failed out of West Point and is now serving in the U.S. Army as a mere corporal rather than an officer. An old friend of Anne and Tim's, U.S. Navy Lieutenant Tony Willett (Joseph Cotten), also visits the Hiltons while awaiting his orders. Bill quickly falls for Jane, who has a crush on Tony, who in turn has long been attracted to Anne. However, after Tony leaves, Bill and Jane's relationship slowly develops and they fall in love. They become engaged, but Bill convinces Jane to wait until after the war to get married. Bill finally is sent overseas and Jane tearfully runs after his departing train to tell him goodbye. The Colonel, who under his gruff exterior really does care about his grandson, conveys his good wishes to Bill via Anne, but arrives too late to say goodbye in person. Jane is determined to do more for the war effort and begins volunteering as a nurse's aide at the nearby military hospital, where returning veterans with physical and mental injuries are sent to recover. Shortly after Bill's departure, the Hiltons receive word that he was killed in action at Salerno. The Hiltons and the Colonel grieve together for Bill. The family also learns that Tim Hilton is missing in action. Jane and Anne finally tell off Emily Hawkins after Emily suggests that it is unseemly for Jane to volunteer at the hospital, and Anne decides she herself must do more to help and trains as a welder for defense work at the shipyard. Tony returns on leave and talks to Anne about his feelings for her, but she believes that he only keeps her as a romantic ideal because she is married to his friend Tim and therefore unattainable. Anne and Tony decide to leave things as they are and remain friends. On Christmas Eve, Fidelia places gifts under the tree that Tim had given her months earlier to leave for his family, and Anne is moved to tears. Anne then gets a cablegram by telephone informing her that Tim is safe and is coming home, and she and her daughters joyfully embrace.
Kotha Bangaru Lokam	Telugu	romance	Srikanth Addala	Balu (Varun Sandesh) is the son of a lovable middle-class couple (Prakash Raj & Jayasudha). Swapna (Shweta Basu Prasad) is the daughter of a strict and rich father Ahuti Prasad. Both of them study in a residential college located at Visakhapatnam. Balu and Swapna fall in love. Swapna is taken away from the college after a picture of them gets published in the newspaper. Balu is told that in order to write his exam he has to bring his father to the college. He goes home and tells his parents a completely different story. While his parents keep thinking that he is studying for his exam, he is busy daydreaming about Swapna and looking for her. At last he brings his father to the college, not to write the exam but to see Swapna. His father is clueless what is happening and still believes Balu. Balu meets Swapna and her parents. Swapna's parents arrange another marriage for her. When Balu's father comes to know what is actually happening he thinks his child should be dealt with love rather than fear. While leaving in a train, Balu's father dies in an accident. On the same day Swapna runs away from her house to live with Balu, but Balu doesn't show up because of his father's death. Balu thinks that Swapna is with her father and her father thinks that she is with Balu. Four years later, when Balu and her father meet, Balu's mother tells Balu that she hid Swapna with one of his lecturers who helped him realize the meaning of life.
Youth Without Youth	American	romance	Francis Ford Coppola	In 1938, Dominic Matei (Tim Roth), a 70-year-old professor of linguistics, pining after the love of his youth, Laura (Alexandra Maria Lara), travels to Bucharest, the city where he and she met at university. Feeling that his fruitless search for the origin of human language has condemned him to a solitary, wasted life, Dominic is intent on committing suicide after this one last journey. However, while crossing the street, he is abruptly yet non-lethally struck by lightning. In hospital, Professor Stanciulescu (Bruno Ganz) informs Dominic that, much to both their surprises, the lighting appears to have regenerated him into a much younger man. Soon after, while residing at the Professor's home, Dominic also discovers that he possesses strange, psychic capacities. As Romania is invaded by Nazi Germany, Doktor Josef Rudolf (André Hennicke) begins to show an interest in Stanciulescu's miracle patient. Since Dominic's budding powers have blurred his perception of reality, he is bamboozled into mistaking a Nazi spy known only as the Woman in Room Six for an erotic fantasy, who discovers during their nights together that he has developed a talent for speaking in tongues. Meanwhile, an alternate persona, invisible to human eyes, presents itself to Dominic as his “Other” from outside space and time. When Dominic asks for proof, the “Other” obliges by bringing him two roses out of nowhere. Unbeknownst to Dominic, Stanciulescu has witnessed the event and overhears his friend ask himself, “Where do you want me to put the third rose?” Understanding the Nazis' designs, Stanciulescu persuades Dominic to escape from Romania. Living like a spy, Dominic eventually winds up in Switzerland towards the end of the war, where he is confronted by Doktor Rudolf at gunpoint in an alleyway. Rudolf argues that Dominic’s existence supports the Nazis' ideal of the superman, and that the coming nuclear conflicts can only be survived by a superior species of man. In the background, the “Other” confirms this to be the case. However, in refusing to cooperate, Dominic manifests telekinetic powers which manipulate Rudolf into shooting himself. Subsequently, Dominic returns to a normal existence and resumes his linguistic research. Having realised that the lightning strike has partially lent him the capacities and knowledge of future humanity, he develops a secret language for his audio diary, to be deciphered long after the nuclear apocalypse. Many years later, Dominic encounters a woman named Veronica (Alexandra Maria Lara) while hiking in the Alps. The “Other” reveals her to be the reincarnation of Laura. When the mountains are hit by a violent thunderstorm, Dominic rushes to her rescue and finds her chanting in Sanskrit, which he greets her with to gain her trust. During her stay in hospital, Veronica now identifies herself as “Rupini”, one of the first disciples of the Buddha. Suspecting she may now be afflicted with a condition similar to his own, Dominic calls the Roman College of Oriental Studies for aid, who inform him that Rupini's last act in life was to retire into a cave for meditation on Enlightenment. Since the cave’s location is unknown, the scholars, led by Professor Giuseppe Tucci (Marcel Iures), agree to fund an expedition to find it in India, hoping Veronica’s past self will guide them. The venture proves a success when a local Boddhisatva recognises “Rupini” and directs her to the place of meditation. Following this discovery, Veronica becomes herself again and falls for Dominic. The couple elope to Malta, where for a time, they live happily together, until Dominic tells Veronica in her sleep that he has always loved her. This causes Veronica to writhe in bed as if possessed and begin chanting a language even he does not understand. The “Other” explains that she is speaking in ancient Egyptian, having travelled further back along the path of her past selves. For the next two weeks, Dominic learns how to control this state in Veronica, leading her to regress ever further in time and speak previously unknown tongues. However, Veronica's health begins to decline from exhaustion, and Dominic declares that he cannot continue these sessions, or even being close to Veronica, since his proximity to her is accelerating her age. Over the objections of both Veronica and the “Other”, he leaves. Despairing, Dominic returns to the town where he taught as a professor. His alter ego appears to him in a miror and reveals the future of mankind; nuclear warfare will unleash an electromagnetic pulse, giving birth to a new, powerful human species, of which Dominic is but the first member. Veronica symbolised the dawn of man, and he stood for the dusk. Outraged at the idea of sacrificing millions of lives in the name of evolution, Dominic shatters the mirror, causing the “Other” to vanish, yelling incoherently in an unfamiliar language. In the morning, townsfolk find Dominic's body, lying dead at the bottom of a staircase. As Veronica’s voice is heard echoing “Where do you want me to put the third rose?”, the rose appears in Dominic’s lifeless grasp.
Mastan	Bengali	romance	Rabi Kinagi	The film revolves around the life of Raju (Jeet), a poor boy whose mother dies of starvation. He is taken under the fold by the local smuggler Bhanupratap. He grows up to become an antisocial and an associate of the smuggler. However, he decides to sever ties with the underworld after he falls in love with Mamata. But his past becomes a barrier in his way as Mamata's father comes to know of their relationship. Ultimately Mamata is forced to marry Avinash, a CBI officer after her father suffers a heart attack. This transforms Raju into a ruthless criminal. Meanwhile, Avinash, the husband of Mamata, comes into town. He disrupts and puts a stop to Bhanupratap's smuggling business and he sends Raju to kill him. But raju confronts Mamata who begs him to spare Avinash's life. Raju asks them to leave the city. The train Mamata was travelling in meets with an accident. They lose their child. Raju now turns off from the underworld (as he could not kill Avinash) and finds the child.
Hum Aapke Hain Koun..!	Bollywood	romance	Sooraj R. Barjatya	Prem (Salman Khan) lost his parents at an early age. He lives with his elder brother Rajesh (Mohnish Bahl) and uncle Kailashnath (Alok Nath). Rajesh manages the family business and his family is on the look-out for a suitable bride for him. Professor Siddharth Chaudhary (Anupam Kher) and Mrs. Chaudhary (Reema Lagoo) have two daughters, Pooja (Renuka Shahane) and Nisha (Madhuri Dixit). The Chaudhary couple and Kailashnath are old friends who meet again after several years. They arrange a marriage between Rajesh and Pooja. From their first meeting, Nisha and Prem start bickering lightheartedly with each other, and the fun and mischief continues throughout Pooja and Rajesh's wedding. Prem has an amicable relationship with his warm-hearted sister-in-law. In time, Pooja and Rajesh discover that they are expecting a child. Professor and Mrs. Chaudhary were unable to come to Kailashnath's house for the ceremony marking the impending arrival of the baby. They send Nisha instead, who is present at the birth. Meanwhile, Nisha and Prem fall in love with each other, but keep it a secret. Professor and Mrs. Chaudhary come over to Kailashnath's house to celebrate the birth of their grandchild. When the time comes to part, their hosts are dejected, especially Prem. He and Nisha promise each other that they will soon reunite for ever. Pooja is invited to stay at her parents' house, and Prem takes her there. When they arrive, Pooja learns that Prem and Nisha are in love, and gives Nisha a necklace as a token, promising to get them married. Shortly afterwards, Pooja accidentally slips and falls down the stairs, and dies from a head injury. Everybody is shattered by the tragedy. Nisha takes good care of her sister's son. Hence, her parents and Kailashnath feel that Nisha will be a great mother to the baby. They decide to have Nisha marry Rajesh. Nisha overhears her parents talking about her marrying into Kailashnath's family and thinks that they are discussing her marriage to Prem, to which she agrees. Later, at a pre-nuptial ceremony, she finds out that she is actually going to marry Rajesh. Prem and Nisha vow to sacrifice their love for Rajesh and the baby. Moments before the wedding, Nisha asks Prem's dog Tuffy to give Prem the necklace that Pooja had given her, along with a letter. Tuffy exits Nisha's room and instead of taking the letter to Prem, delivers it to Rajesh. Rajesh reads the letter and realizes that Prem and Nisha love each other. Subsequently, he halts the wedding and confronts both Nisha and Prem. In the end, Nisha and Prem marry each other with the consent of their families. The film's title Hum Aapke Hain Koun..! appears and then rephrases to Hum Aapke Hain..! (English: I am yours!).
Sachein	Tamil	romance	John Mahendran	Sachein (Vijay), a carefree and happy going guy joins a college in Ooty and falls for Shalini (Genelia) immediately on seeing her in first sight. Shalini studies in the same college as Sachein and is considered a popular and beautiful student, while also being a short tempered and arrogant girl with an upper-middle class status. Sachein comes to know all of this information about her from Arnold aka Ayyasamy (Vadivelu), who is a guy that studies in the college for about nine years and keeps studying there because he thinks that students should give their respect to their college professors, while also informing Sachein, that there are so many boys trying to impress her. This makes Sachein take a different route and he starts mocking Shalini in front of her, which irritates her. Slowly, they both become good friends, after Sachein saved her father in a bike accident. Santhanam (N. Santhanam), who is another student in the college also loves Shalini. But, he feels jealous seeing her and Sachein being good friends and decides to separate them. Santhanam writes in one of the walls of the college, that Sachein loves Shalini and this angers Shalini, as she misunderstands that only Sachein has done it. Shalini shouts at Sachein, but Sachein informs Shalini, that he is so outspoken and does not want to write in the college wall to convey his love, which makes Shalini realize her mistake. But to her surprise, Sachein informs that, although he has not written it, but the content present on the wall is true which means that he is in love with Shalini. This again angers Shalini and she shouts at him that she considered him only as a good friend and that she wasn't in love with him. Later, Shalini overhears Sachein challenging Santhanam that Shalini will convey her love within the next thirty days, as their college years will be completed by then. Shalini challenges Sachein that she will never fall in love with him. Manju (Bipasha Basu) is also from the same college and she likes Sachein. Shalini gets jealous when she spots Sachein and Manju together often. But Manju informs Shalini that Sachein loves Shalini so much and asks her not to hide her feelings, as it is very evident that Shalini too likes Sachein. This makes Shalini realize her love towards Sachein. Sachein comes to know that Shalini’s parents have arranged a wedding for her and he meets Shalini on the last day of their college and says that he has lost the challenge and he will be leaving Ooty tomorrow. But Shalini hides her feelings towards Sachein and she plans to propose her love the next day as she wants to win the challenge by not conveying her love within the 30 days. On the 31st day, Shalini is excited and goes to propose Sachein. But suddenly, she meets Gowtham (Raghuvaran) on the way, who is Sachein’s father. Gowtham is a billionaire, in which this fact makes the entire college be surprised that Sachein is the only son of a rich business tycoon, as Sachein always stays very simple and down to earth. Now Shalini feels bad, that if she proposes her love towards Sachein at this moment, then he might misunderstand that she decided to marry him after knowing that he is so rich and decides to stay calm. Sachein leaves to the Coimbatore International Airport in Coimbatore and Shalini also follows him. In the airport, Shalini could not control her emotions and proposes to Sachein. She also revealed that it is her ego that didn’t let her convey her love during the last thirty days. Sachein feels so happy and the couple are united.
Love	Bollywood	romance	Suresh Krissna	Jailed as a juvenile for killing his abusive father (Sudhir Kumar), who is responsible for his mother's suicide, Prithvi (Salman Khan) is unable to stand any atrocity. He meets Maggie Pinto (Revathi Menon) and after a few chance meetings, they both fall in love. Maggie takes Prithvi to meet her parents, but they reject him after learning about his criminal past. When Maggie and Prithvi persist, Maggie's mother, Stella Pinto (Rita Bhaduri), calls the police and has Prithvi jailed. Guruji (Amjad Khan) comes to Prithvi's aid and bails him out. Prithvi and Maggie continue their courtship, but Stella finds out and intervenes, sending goons to attack Prithvi, during which Maggie is injured. How this affects everyone close to her is the crux of the story.
Vallamai Tharayo	Tamil	romance	Madhumitha	The movie opens with Nandita (Chaya Singh) and her husband Anand (Partiban) in the process of getting a divorce. Nandita's lawyer accuses Anand of physically abusing Nandita, calling him a sadist. A flashback takes the audience back to the circumstances of their marriage. A happy working girl from the city, Nandita returns to her home village for a family function, only to find that her father, who due to differences with his sister, has decided to marry Nandita off elsewhere. Nandita, who has spent her life falling in love with Sekar (Srikanth), her cousin and original fiancé, cannot agree to this sudden marriage. However, her father forces her to agree, and the marriage to Anand takes place in less than a week. The newlyweds move back to the city, and though the kind and jovial Anand attempts to lead a life with her and make her fall in love with him, Nandita does not budge. She is normally cold and impolite, except for when she sees constant reminders of Sekar. The scene cuts back to the family court, where Nandita has gotten the divorce and she calls Anand for a final farewell, telling him to find a girl he will truly love. Now, Nandita is a free woman, living life the way she wants to, and dreaming of seeing Sekar again. She moves to a new apartment, gets a new job, and a new friend- her housekeeper, Savitri. Things are going well, but Anand is a constant unwanted presence in her life- greeting her every morning and calling her frequently. When asked why he's still around he tells her that he likes no one else but her. One Valentine's Day, Nandita sees Sekar on TV, talking about her as his soulmate, his first love. To her surprise he announces that he is getting married soon, because she is already married. An upset Nandita is pushed even further over the edge when she finds out that Savitri has been talking to Anand about Nandita. She leaves on a company business trip for a few days;a visit to a school for disabled children. Learning a few life lessons, she comes back a changed woman, and becomes open to getting to know Anand for the first time. The end of the movie shows her and Anand happily spending time with each other.
Swapner Feriwala	Bengali	romance	Subrato Sen	Swapner Feriwala is a soothing fantasy in the pursuit of the last magical charms in our modern, urban lives. It's a symbolic story of youthful and vigorous rebellion against age-old orthodoxy and religious fanaticism and a clarion call to set everyone free of blind prejudices. Saritsekhar Roychowdhury, the old descendant of a renowned family, gets obsessed with the attainment of spiritual emancipation and brings a godman (Dipankar De) to the house to help him find the true way to freedom. The latter him the confidence of everyone in the family through his Tantra tricks and promises the childless couple a child within a year. Som (Subrat Dutta) an iconoclast magician and his friend, a fellow magician named Ferdoup Siddhartha, have devoted their lives to uncover the magic rackets fooling people with petty magic tricks. Som is an enigma, while Siddhartha believes the magic to pervade the beauty of nature, the vastness of the universe, the beautiful movements of togetherness and entire human existence. He wants only to drink the elixir of life and insists Som stop hankering after an elusive goal. The evil godman plots to seize the Roychowdhury house from Sanitsekhar and lay his hands on young, pretty Turni (Nilanjana Sharma), the only granddaughter of Saritsekhar, who lost her parents at an early age. Som and Sidhartha befriend Turni and warn her about the upcoming danger in her life. The godman reduces the woman in his aid and entrusts upon her the duty to keep an eye on Turni and to lure her closer to him. Turni escapes their evil plans with the help of the magician duo at first but soon she feels to be at her wit's end when her grandfather donates his house to the godman to build an ashram there. She could not settle elsewhere like her two uncles, being financially dependent on her grandfather. The satanic duo threatens Turni to follow their instructions to stay at the ashram and finally traps her and gets her intoxicated. As the sinister godman pounces upon her, the magician duo comes at her rescue and brings her to consciousness. The godmen fly away while the trio set on a journey. By then, Turni has fallen for Som while Siddhartha loves her with his whole heart. When she reveals her feeling to Som, he resists her and leaves to follow his destiny. Siddhartha consoles the bereaved Turni and promises to stay with her forever. She recognises her true love in Siddhartha with the help of the magical hourglass, given by her mother and together they start a new journey.
Iti Srikanto	Bengali	romance	Anjan Das	The film is a love triangle between a young man Srikanta (Adil Hussain) and two women in his life, Rajalakshmi (Reema Sen) a rich courtesan and Kamalata (Soha Ali Khan), a vaishnavite living in an ashram.[3]
Aamar Bhuban	Bengali	romance	Mrinal Sen	After Sakhina and Nur's divorce, Sakhina has remarried Kaushik; a man who loves her but has difficulty providing for them and their three children. Nur went on to the Middle East and came back a rich man. He has remarried. Nur and Kaushik are cousins and Nur tries to help Kaushik (and Sakhina) by giving him work and lending him money. But when he returns Sakhina's prized nose-ring, which he had given her secretly during their marriage and not taken back during the divorce, and which Kaushik later pawned for some money, Sakhina is insulted and hurt.
Star	Bollywood	romance	Vinod Pande	Dev Kumar Verma comes from a middle-class family and must find employment to support his parents. Dev, however, has set his mind upon becoming a music sensation like Elvis Presley. He loses his job because of this, and refuses to work until he gets a job to his liking, much to the dismay of his parents and his brother, Shiv Kumar Verma. Dev gets employment at Charlie's Disco, where he meets Maya and falls in love with her. When Charlie's Disco's competitor, Rana, finds out about Dev, he wants to hire Dev, but Dev decides to continue to work with Charlie's Disco. Consequently, Dev and Charlie get beaten up by Rana's men, and Dev is unable to sing. After recuperating, Dev is devastated to find out that Maya and Shiv are in love with each other.
No Minor Vices	American	romance	Lewis Milestone	Successful pediatrician Perry Ashwell (Dana Andrews) takes his attractive wife April (Lilli Palmer) and their conservative lifestyle for granted. When he allows artist Octavio Quaglini (Louis Jourdan) into their lives to sketch their inner selves, Octavio becomes enamoured with April and tries to steal her away from Perry.[4]
Will You Marry Me?	Bollywood	romance	Aditya Dutt	The film is about three bachelors Aarav (Shreyas Talpade), Nikhil (Muzamil Ibrahim) and Rajveer (Rajeev Khandelwal) who along with eleven other college mates sign a contract which has two clauses. The first clause says that all of them have to purchase certain number of Reliance shares, and the second rule explains all the shares will go to the man who will remain unmarried till the end. Slowly and steadily people start to break away from the rule and only Nikhil, Rajveer and Aarav remain single. Nikhil is in love with his childhood friend Anjali (Tripta Prashar) and wants to settle down with her but the other two have no such plans, but they find the proceedings interesting after discovering Anjali's best friend Sneha (Mugdha Godse) at the wedding. Suddenly all their plans to remain unmarried till the end vanish and the two start trying to win Sneha's heart. Meanwhile, one of Rajveer's friends gives him Rs 5 crore to keep but Rajveer being smart enough invests the money in the stock market, only to find that the company he invested in has crashed and a powerful business magnate (Paresh Rawal) is after him. Rajveer plans to convince Aarav to get married to Sneha so that he can get all the Reliance shares and pay his due. His plans fail when Aarav manages to listen in on a secret conversation.[2]
Arekti Premer Golpo	Bengali	romance	Kaushik Ganguly	The film is about Abhiroop Sen (Rituparno Ghosh), a Delhi-based transgender documentary filmmaker, whose bisexual lover is the cinematographer (Indraneil Sengupta) of the film. They visit Kolkata to make a documentary on the life of the real-life legendary jatra actor Chapal Bhaduri, who in his heyday was known as 'Chapal Rani', noted for his portrayal of female roles on the stage at a time when women did not perform on stage. Initially Abhiroop Sen has to face some difficulties to start the documentary, as he is a transgender. But with Chapal Bhaduri's support Abhiroop starts the shoot. During the course of the shoot, Abhiroop feels himself in the position of Chapal Bhaduri. The film goes on with a comparison between Abhiroop's intimate relation with Indraneil Sengupta, who is married to Rani (Churni Ganguly) and Chapal Bhaduri's (Rituparno Ghosh) relation with Kumar(Indraneil Sengupta), who is married to Gopa (Churni Ganguly). In the course of the film Abhiroop gets attached to Uday and Chapal Bhaduri to Tushar, both played by Jisshu Sengupta. The film takes the viewers through the present life of Abhiroop Sen and past life of Chapal Bhaduri with the same actors. The film focuses on the mental trauma faced by a transgender, the rejection by men, after using them sexually.
Anjaana Anjaani	Bollywood	romance	Siddharth Anand	Akash (Ranbir Kapoor) lives in New York City; he has bankrupted his company and is in need of $12 million for paying the shareholders, but is unable to obtain a loan due to a stock market crash. He decides to jump off the George Washington Bridge. He meets Kiara (Priyanka Chopra), from San Francisco, who is also suicidal after catching her fiancé Kunal (Zayed Khan) cheating on her. Akash and Kiara attempt to kill themselves, but are prevented from doing so by the Coast Guard. Still suicidal, Akash deliberately allows himself to be hit by a car, and Kiara falls on the bridge and breaks her neck. Their suicide attempts are unsuccessful, and they end up in hospital together. When they are discharged, Kiara takes Akash to her apartment because his house has been seized by the bank. The pair try to kill themselves five times, failing each time. Eventually, they make a pact to end their lives on 31 December 2009. With 20 days left before their deadline, they decide to fulfill their unrealised wishes and begin a journey together. Kiara helps Akash find a date and shares with him how Kunal cheated on her. The next day, Akash cleans Kiara's messy apartment. Though he cannot swim, Akash is forced to fulfil Kiara's wish to swim in the cold Atlantic Ocean. However, at sea Kiara falls overboard and Akash rescues her. Their yacht drifts away, stranding them. As the two slowly succumb to hypothermia, Kiara continues telling her story to Akash. They are rescued again by the Coast Guard officer who intervened on the bridge. After returning to land, Kiara's depression continues. She attempts to kill herself by drinking bleach and is rushed to hospital. After she is discharged, Akash realises his love for her, and tries everything to make her happy. The two venture to Las Vegas, as Akash has never gone on a holiday, and they end up in bed together. Kiara tells Akash that she still loves Kunal. Akash insists that she move back in with her parents and give Kunal a second chance. Akash moves in with his friend and colleague (Joy Sengupta), and plans to return to India on the night of 31 December to start afresh. Akash attends the bank settlement and reconciles with several friends with whom he had fallen out, as well as with his estranged father. Meanwhile, Kiara cannot stop thinking about Akash, and on the 31st she realises that she has fallen for him. Kunal discovers this and drops Kiara off at the airport. She reaches the bridge, but finds herself alone, believing she will never see Akash again. Just then he arrives. The pair go out to sea to die. Akash throws a beer bottle with a note in it, which Kiara gets and reads before he proposes to her. Surprised, she accepts, and the couple share a kiss while the Coast Guard rescues them. As the credits roll, Akash and Kiara are shown two years later, married with their baby boy.
Last Holiday	American	romance	Wayne Wang	Georgia Byrd (Queen Latifah), an employee in the cookware department at Kragen's Department Store in New Orleans, is a shy, unassuming woman who longs to cook professionally, and who records her dreams of a better life in a journal labeled Possibilities. It is the Christmas holiday season. While flirting with a co-worker named Sean Williams (LL Cool J), she bumps her head on a cabinet door and is taken to the store's health center for a CAT scan. There she is told by company physician Dr. Gupta (Ranjit Chowdhry) she has several brain tumors resulting from a rare neurological disorder called Lampington's Disease. Since her HMO plan will not cover the exorbitant cost of an operation, Georgia resigns herself to the fact she has only a few weeks to live, quits her job, liquidates her assets, and sets off on a dream vacation at the deluxe Grandhotel Pupp in the spa city of Karlovy Vary in the Czech Republic. Free of inhibitions and determined to live life to the fullest, Georgia checks into the Presidential Suite, buys a designer wardrobe in expensive boutiques, makes extensive use of the hotel's spa facilities, attempts snowboarding and BASE jumping off a dam, enjoys succulent meals prepared by world-renowned Chef Didier (Gérard Depardieu), and wins a small fortune playing roulette in the casino. She impresses the hotel's staff, with the exception of cantankerous guest services manager Miss Gunther (Susan Kellermann), with her naive manner and forthright kindness, and mingles with some of the other guests, including Matthew Kragen (Timothy Hutton), a self-help guru and coincidentally the owner of the store where she works; his assistant/mistress Ms. Burns (Alicia Witt); pandering Senator Dillings (Giancarlo Esposito) from her home state of Louisiana; and prominent Congressman Stewart (Michael Nouri). Kragen is skeptical about Georgia's origins and suspects her of trying to sabotage his business, but the rest are charmed by her free spirit. When Kragen bribes Miss Gunther to dig up information about Georgia's background, she finds a letter Georgia has written providing instructions for the disposal of her remains after her death. Miss Gunther is moved by the letter and realizes Georgia's self-confidence and sunny optimism have touched everyone who has met her since her arrival. She confesses to Georgia she found the letter and urges her to return home and spend her last days with those she loves. Georgia takes Miss Gunther's advice and heads for the airport, only to discover an avalanche has blocked the road. Unbeknownst to her, Sean—having learned of her diagnosis and ready to acknowledge his feelings for her—is in a taxi on the other side of the snowdrift, trying to reach her at the hotel. Georgia returns to the hotel, and Sean starts across the snow on foot. At a New Year's Eve party that evening, Kragen exposes Georgia as a saleswoman in one of his stores. Georgia tells them that Kragen is right and reveals that she is going to die. Kragen's colleagues, disgusted by his insensitivity, embrace her and abandon him. Dejected and embarrassed, Kragen goes up to an upper floor of the hotel and sits on the ledge contemplating suicide. Georgia tries to persuade him to come down, suggesting if he were nicer and less driven and greedy, he would be a happier person. Sean arrives at the hotel and joins Georgia and Kragen on the ledge. In the lobby, Miss Gunther finds a fax from Dr. Gupta, in which he tells Georgia she was misdiagnosed due to X-rays generated by a broken, outdated CAT scanner. Miss Gunther rushes up to the ledge to announce the good news. Georgia and Sean return to New Orleans where they later get married and open a restaurant, which is visited by Chef Didier and Georgia's long-time inspiration Emeril Lagasse. An epilogue sequence shows that Ms. Burns, Ms. Gunther, Dr. Gupta, and Matthew Kragen have all made better lives for themselves and are now happy, with Georgia changing her Book of Possibilities into the Book of Realities.
Roop Tera Mastana	Bollywood	romance	Khalid Akhtar	Ajit, the Personal assistant to Princess Usha, does away with her and brings along a look-alike, Kiran, to pose as her for a few days. Kiran, although poor, refuses to do so, and Ajit threatens her and her family, and she reluctantly agrees. She meets with Usha's fiance, a Prince himself, and falls in love with him, not realizing that her feelings will soon be history when those few days come to an end, and she must then give up her wealthy lifestyle and go back to being poor again.
At the End of Daybreak	Hong Kong	romance	Ho Yu Hang	Tuck (Tsui Tin-Yau) is a 23-year-old Malaysian from a lower-class family, who lives with his divorced mother (Kara Hui) and generally lays about doing nothing. He dates Ying (Ng Meng-Hui), a fifteen-year-old schoolgirl whose quiet defiance defines her character.[4][5]
A Month by the Lake	British	romance	John Irvin	In 1913, spinster Miss Bentley (Vanessa Redgrave) enjoyed spending her summer holiday in Lake Como, Italy, with her father before World War I. The year is now 1937, and her father has recently died. To clear the air, she returns to Lake Como on her own to spend a month's summer holiday. She meets a bachelor named Major Wilshaw (Edward Fox) and becomes interested in him. But a young American girl named Miss Beaumont (Uma Thurman) arrives and flirts with the major.
Aaja Sanam	Bollywood	romance	Yusuf Naqvi	Dr. Satish travels from the big city to a small village, where he can serve the poor who cannot afford to go to the city for medical treatment. Once in the village, he meets with Shanti, who lives with her dad, Radhekiran, a watchman. Both Shanti and Satish fall in love, and exchange vows to be married. Radhekiran has an accident, and dies, leaving Shanti to re-locate, without notifying Satish. Satish is devastated at losing Shanti, and tries to locate her, to no avail. His parents want him to marry Kamini, and he agrees to do so. It is then he comes across Shanti, and he is shocked to see that Shanti has given birth to baby-boy, but will not disclose who the father is.
Romance	Bollywood	romance	Ramanand Sagar	British based Mr. and Mrs. Roy are thrilled when their son announces that he is going to marry a Caucasian woman. Soon they are blessed when a daughter, Sonia, is born. Tragically, their son passes away, leaving them heartbroken. Sonia grows up under her mother's strict control and guidance, and the love of her grandparents, who encourage her to visit India, which she does. When she returns, she announces that she has met her soul-mate in Amar, who she is going to invite to Britain, where they will marry. Her mother does not approve of this, as she wants Sonia to get married to a Caucasian male of her choice, and will not permit any interference from her in-laws, who are asked to leave her house. In the meantime Amar's passport and money are stolen. He manages to board a ship bound for Britain, where he is subsequently apprehended, arrested and turned over for prosecution and possible deportation as an illegal immigrant. It looks like Sonia's mom have her way with her daughter after all.
Mercury Pookkal	Tamil	romance	S. S. Stanley	Srikanth, is from a middle-class family and is doing his MCA final year. He is an outstanding student with high ambitions. He works part-time in a courier company and takes care of his expenses. He also yearns for beautiful classy girls. Meera Jasmine is from a rural landlord's family and is doing her B.Com in Trichy. Her pranks and her outgoing personality makes her father Mahadevan fear that she might bring disrepute to the family name and so he decides to give her in marriage to his friend's son, Srikanth. Both the youngsters try to resist marriage but are compelled to agree in the end. The unwilling couple make an agreement on the first night that they will play according to the elders' tune for a while and once they are capable of taking care of themselves, they can part their own ways. Meera is also admitted to the same college as Srikanth and the turn of events makes Meera realize the importance of a good married life and how she has to make her husband like her. In spite of her attempts, Srikanth remains elusive and after some frames he also realizes the meaning of a good wedded life. When he is about to expose his love, turn of events separate the couple. But the couple stay determined to unite despite the stubborn stance of both their fathers. After much drama they unite happily.
Dildariyaan	Punjabi	romance	Pankaj Batra	Paali (Sagarika Ghatge) lives at home with her father (Guggu Gill) in their small village. To complete her Higher Studies, Paali shifts to Chandigarh where she meets Parvan (Jassi Gill), a smart collegian who falls in love with her. However, Paali is less than interested because her father has already found her a NRI husband. Although Paali tells Parvan about her arranged husband, Parvan refuses to give up and seeks to impress on Paali's father that he is a better match.
Holiday for Sinners	American	romance	Gerald Mayer	Three men, reared together in New Orleans, but whose paths have drifted apart, each face a crisis during the last weekend of Mardi Gras: Dr. Jason Kent must decide between accepting a chance to become famous as a research scientist, which will mean leaving New Orleans and giving up the girl he loves, Susan Corvier, or staying in his father's practice among the poor; Father Victor Carducci is refused permission to open an independent clinic and is thinking of leaving the Church; Punch-drunk prizefighter Joe Piavi is mainly operating in a survival mode and is trying to collect $1500 owed to him by his former manager Mike Hennighan. When he finds out about the debt, brash reporter Danny Farber, not above a double-cross when it means gain for him, needles Hennighan about Joe, and then tells Joe that Henninghan is threatening to send him to an asylum.
Bheegi Palkein	Bollywood	romance	Sisir Misra	It was based on a family drama of an Odisha Brahmin family, the caste system and the differences between husband and wife. The film starts with Ishwar Acharya (Raj Babbar), an I.E.S. officer who goes for an inspection of a Roman Catholic Mission school of Odisha. There, he meets Shanti, his wife, (Smita Patil) working as a school teacher. He meets her and asks her to go back into their past lives as a husband and wife. Then, she says that a home was built with the understanding and feelings, which we don't have anymore. Then, Ishwar goes to his life's flashback. Ishwar (Raj Babbar) and Shanti (Smita Patil) both were childhood friends. They live, study and travel together. But, when they become youths, both were in love with each other. They wanted to get married. But at that time, Ishwar's sister-in-law (Sulabha Deshpande) chose a girl for him, but he refused and asked to marry Shanti. Because of lower caste and her poverty, his whole family except his brother opposed him. At that time, Ishwar got a job in a private company. After this, Ishwar goes for a registry marriage with Shanti. Because of the opposition of the family, Ishwar and Shanti don't go to the house. They rent a house and live there happily. Some days later, when Shanti gives a monthly list for the house's needs, Ishwar bought a costly pressure cooker. Here, Shanti worried about their future and gives a suggestion to him, but he gets angry and tells her that when I am happy you aren't happy for me. So you are so jealous of me. In this way, they give birth to a child. But in any matter or suggestion, Ishwar discarded her. In the following days, she also works in a bank. But Ishwar doesn't like this. One day, Ishwar rides the bike fast and has an accident with a truck. He blamed Shanti for this and every day he was rude to her in hospital. Shanti thinks this is because of the bad time of his sunshine. So, she doesn't argue with him. On the following days, she becomes so busy in the bank with her work. So, she gets late to go home and hospital. So, Ishwar thinks that there is some new relationship with someone. At that time, her son was so ill, that she doesn't care for him properly, because of her work. So, one rainy night she discovered that her son was no more. After the discharge from hospital, Ishwar got to know that his son is dead. Then, he doesn't have any more trust in her from that time on, and goes to his family. Knowing this, Shanti also left the house and goes to a Roman Catholic Mission school. When Ishwar knows the truth behind this, he go to the meet Shanti. But, after the arrival, he hears that Shanti also left the house after him. From that day to the present, Ishwar wanted to go looking for Shanti and wanted to say that he was sorry. After a long period, Ishwar met her working in a church as a teacher. After the flashback, he goes to her cottage and Shanti toldd him that you shouldn't make any decision as my husband anymore, today, decide like my friend. Then Ishwar says that the husband has been defeated, your friend wins. So, they decide to maintain their life as a friendship. Then, Ishwar goes back, leaving Shanti in that church.
100% Love	Telugu	romance	Sukumar	Balu (Naga Chaitanya) is always the top ranker in his college. Mahalakshmi (Tamannaah), his cousin comes to Balu’s house to continue her studies. She is in awe of her Mr. Perfect 'Bava' and takes his help to achieve big in studies. Surprisingly, she surpasses him and becomes the first ranker. Balu gets deeply hurt by this and he resorts to cunning ways to deviate Mahalakshmi. But to his surprise Ajith (Anand) stands first this time. Meanwhile Mahalakshmi's father brings her a marriage proposal, but she doesn’t want to marry him. Balu and Mahalakshmi compromise by agreeing to help each other. Balu helps her in getting the proposal canceled and Mahalakshmi starts deviating Ajith from studies for the sake of Balu, but Balu gets attracted to her. When the couple is heading to fall in love, Mahalakshmi unknowingly hurts the ego of Balu and they get separated. After three years they meet again in the hospital because their grandmother suddenly falls ill. While trying to find out how Balu is doing, Mahalakshmi realizes he hadn't changed at all. Both argue a lot until their parents try to get them married. Surprisingly, Balu mentions that he has a girlfriend named Swapna that he hopes to marry. While introducing her to his family, Mahalakshmi notices that Swapna is much more than she is. To get back at Balu, she agrees to get married to Ajith, Balu's former rival in college. Ajith turns out to be the head of a company that makes more than Balu's company. Balu, angry that Ajith is greater than he is, puts his company in risk in hopes that he can surpass Ajith's company. Unfortunately, his partner cheats him, and Balu is on the verge of losing his company. Mahalakshmi works hard to help him out of the hard time as his new project manager. Both make an excellent team and Balu's company is saved. In an after party, Balu credits Mahalakshmi for his success. She again unknowingly hurts Balu's ego. This time, Balu confesses that he felt the need to be great in Mahalakshmi's eyes because he loved her. When she tells him she shares his feelings, Balu refuses to believe her. After the interference of their grandfather, the two are united in the end.
The Good Girl	American	romance	Miguel Arteta	Justine Last (Jennifer Aniston) is a depressed and unmotivated thirty-year-old woman living in a small town in Texas with her husband Phil (John C. Reilly), a house painter who spends most of his free time smoking marijuana with his best friend, Bubba (Tim Blake Nelson). Justine works at Retail Rodeo, the local big-box store, along with Cheryl (Zooey Deschanel), a cynical, plain-spoken young woman, Gwen (Deborah Rush), a ditzy older woman who manages the cosmetics counter, and Corny (Mike White), a Nazarene security guard. One morning, Justine notices a new cashier and later introduces herself. Holden (Jake Gyllenhaal) appears quiet and reserved, qualities that the two of them share and, therefore, quickly take a liking to one another. They begin taking their lunch breaks together and Justine gives Holden rides home. One time, he invites her in and she accepts. They swap stories about their lives including how Justine feels unappreciated by Phil and Holden tells her of his obsession with J. D. Salinger's novel, The Catcher in the Rye, and how he took his self-assigned first name from its protagonist, Holden Caulfield. As the weeks go by, Justine and Holden start to bring out the best in each other. But when Holden makes a pass at her, she rejects him, leaving him dismayed. He becomes more and more besotted by her. Some time later, Holden does not show up to work but sends a letter to Justine, writing that if she does not meet him at 5pm that day behind the nearest Chuck E. Cheese, she will never see him again. After much consideration, Justine decides to accept Holden's invitation, only to be intercepted by her manager, Jack (John Carroll Lynch), who insists that she take a very ill Gwen to the hospital. Justine then meets up with Holden. The two have sex for the first time in a motel room that Justine pays for with her credit card. As the affair continues, Justine's marriage to Phil continues to deteriorate. One night, Justine spots Bubba's truck in the parking lot of the motel where she's been meeting Holden. She becomes convinced that Bubba knows, telling Holden that they need to cool down for a while. When Justine goes to visit Gwen in the hospital, she is told that Gwen has died after contracting parasites from eating poisonous blackberries that she bought at a roadside fruit stand. When she returns home, Bubba starts hinting to Justine that he knows about her affair with Holden. Feeling guilty, Justine suggests that she and Phil should attend a church bible study that Corny, a security guard, had invited them to. Soon after they arrive, Justine spots the motel desk clerk she encountered with Holden, she grabs Phil and demand they leave immediately. Justine speaks to Holden in private at work the following day, explaining that what they're doing is wrong and she can't see him anymore. Bubba tells Justine to meet him at his house. He blackmails her into having sex with him by threatening to tell Phil about her affair if she refuses, and she reluctantly gives into his demands. Holden, who has been following her since the split, sees them through a window. Holden does not show up for work the next day but is waiting in Justine's car when her shift ends. He calls Justine a whore and drunkenly demands an apology. He then says he could kill her husband to free her from her marriage. Justine becomes desperate to extricate herself from the relationship with Holden. She goes to talk to his parents and tells them that he is mentally ill and that he has imagined a romantic liaison between them. She goes on to suggest that Holden be hospitalized. That night after feeling unwell all day, Justine takes a pregnancy test. The results are positive. Phil is over the moon, but Justine feels uneasy, since she doesn't know whether the father is Holden or Phil. The next day when Justine arrives at work, Cheryl tells her that someone stole $15,000 from the safe and that the police suspect Holden. Justine is called into Jack's office and interrogated about their relationship. As she leaves for lunch, Justine encounters Holden, who brags about having stolen the money and about his plans for them to escape. Holden tells her to meet her the following morning at a hotel. When Justine gets home, Phil, Bubba, and Bubba's new girlfriend are all waiting for her so they can celebrate. The phone rings and Phil answers. The doctor's office has called; they tell Phil his sperm is no good. He tells them his wife is pregnant and they don't know what they are talking about and angrily hangs up. Bubba assures Phil they made a mistake, that they don't know everything. Phil then questions aloud if this means Justine isn't pregnant. She also assures Phil that they just made a mistake. The next morning Justine quickly packs a suitcase. While waiting at the light to turn toward either the hotel or the Retail Rodeo store, she assess her future if she stays versus if she runs away and becomes a fugitive with Holden. She decides to stay. She arrives at Retail Rodeo and goes to the manager's office, telling him where Holden is hiding and how long he will be there. After arriving home, she watches a news report saying that the police have surrounded the hotel where Holden is staying and that Holden shot and killed himself. The next day, Bubba shows up at Retail Rodeo and tells Justine that Phil opened a statement from the credit card company, which listed the motel that Justine paid for with the card. Bubba then begs Justine not to tell Phil about their sexual encounter. When Justine arrives home, Phil is looking at the credit card statement and tearfully asks Justine if she has been having an affair. After she says, yes, Phil strikes her. Later, Phil expresses remorse at hitting his wife and asked her if the baby is his. Wanting to spare Phil any more pain and protect herself, she tells him that he is the father. Phil insists on knowing who she had an affair with. When Justine says it doesn't matter, Phil concludes it's Corny, the security guard who invited them to Bible study. When Justine arrives at work the next morning, Cheryl attempts to cover up her facial bruises with make-up just as Corny walks by. His arm is in a cast and his face beat up. Cheryl informs Justine two beefy guys with baseball bats and face masks beat him up. As the movie concludes, Justine is still employed at Retail Rodeo. In a narrated scene, Phil brings the baby to Justine, who is deep in thought on the bed. She lovingly holds the baby and the couple seems blissful.
Solva Sawan	Bollywood	romance	Bharathi Raja	This film involves a young, beautiful 16-year-old girl, Mehna, filled with ambitions of becoming a teacher. She is an attractive, intelligent woman living in a small community and experiences great love when sees the new vet who has come to visit. Many are impressed by this charming young fellow who has entered the village. He seems to be a wealthy, prosperous man and soon develops a relationship with Mehna. Mehna, who is deep in love, sacrifices her opportunity to study in the teaching college course to spend time with him. Little does she know, that he has not yet revealed his true colours when he leaves her and retires from the village when she refuses to commit to him. Sri Devi's distant cousin played by Amol Palekar is mentally retarded, and because he is lame, he is taken advantage of and isolated by the society. He is secretly in love with Mehna, and when he sees her in love with the vet, he is jealous and upset. After being shunned by the vet, Mehna has a new perspective on life and begins to accept Amol Palekar's character, encouraging him to defend himself against those who constantly mock him. But when an evil, rowdy, villager, played by Kulbhushan Kharbanda, attempts to rape Mehna, Palekar's character kills him by throwing a brick at his head. Palekar's character is arrested for murder, and the film concludes with Sridevi waiting at a train station for his return. Her life is impacted by all three men in different ways.
18 Vayasu Puyale	Tamil	romance	M. Vijay	The storyline revolves around Surya (Ajay Pradeep), a college drop-out and a good-for-nothing guy. Surya is from a middle-class family and lives with his father Ramakrishnan (Rajesh), his mother Seetha (Fathima Babu) and his little sister Divya (Thanalakshmi). His father Ramakrishnan advices him to be more responsible and to find a job as quickly as possible. Surya, certificate on hand, decides to look for a job. One day, at a pedestrian crossing, Surya falls in love at first sight with a girl (Preethi Varma). Surya starts hanging out with his friends in his lover's college. Surya tries to impress Pooja (Preethi Varma) by acting like a hero and offering her gifts, but she refuses to accept his love. Pooja tells him that she doesn't believe in love marriage. So Surya with his parents arranged a meeting at the groom’s house where he made a proposal of marriage to Pooja. Pooja and her family accepts for the arranged marriage. They eventually get married. All of this events turns out to be Surya's imagination. At the pedestrian crossing, Surya is immersed in his dreams and is hit by a car. So Gayathri (Preethi Varma) takes the seriously wounded Surya to the nearby hospital and he is saved at time by the doctors. Afterwards, Surya starts the quest to find his lover Gayathri. Gayathri lives with her aunt Vasantha (Nalini), a ruthless loan shark who wants all of her wealth, and her psychopath cousin Gaja (Babu) who wants to marry her. After the death of her parents, Gayathri found herself alone and became depressed, she needed the love of a person. So Gayathri runs away from her aunt's house. Thereafter, she tries to commit suicide by jumping off of a cliff but Surya, who passed through, saves her at time. Surya then reveals that he is crazy about her and wants to marry her. First completely disoriented, Gayathri finally accepts his proposal. Mad with rage, Vasantha and Gaja are looking for Gayathri. What transpires next forms the rest of the story.
Under the Hawthorn Tree	Chinese	romance	Zhang Yimou	Set during the end of China's Cultural Revolution in a small village in Yichang City, Hubei Province, China, this film is about a pure love that develops between a beautiful high school student, Zhang Jing Qiu and a handsome young prospector named Lao San. Jing Qiu is one of the educated youth sent to be re-educated through work in the countryside under a directive from Chairman Mao Zedong. She arrives with a group in Xiping village, in the Yangtze River's Three Gorges region, where they are shown a hawthorn tree called the Tree of Heroes which was reputedly nourished by the blood of Chinese martyrs executed by the Japanese during World War II. Jing Qiu is lodged with the family of village head, where she meets geology student Sun Jianxin (nicknamed Lao San), who also takes his meals at Zhang's home, and she's drawn to his responsible and honorable character.[2] Lao San's father held a high position in the military, but his mother committed suicide four years ago after being branded as a rightist. Jing's father was also a political prisoner somewhere in China and her mother, branded as a capitalist, was reduced to menial work to support their family. Following the political persecution of her father, Jing Qiu lived with her mother and little siblings, working towards becoming a teacher to support her family.[3] Despite the fact that this could endanger the future of Jing Qiu and her family, Jing Qiu and Lao San fell in love and their relationship continues the following year. Lao San also promised to wait for her until she grew up. Jing Qiu was torn between her feelings for Lao San and her filial duty to her family.[4] However, Lao San later developed leukemia and forced himself to leave Jing Qiu. Jing, without knowing about Lao San's deadly disease, was only reunited with him when he was dying in hospital. The film closed with Jing Qiu tearfully calling the unconscious Lao San, repeatedly saying I am Jing Qiu, I am Jing Qiu. [5]
Pandhayam	Tamil	romance	S. A. Chandrasekhar	The story- A local thug and criminal who kills people like mosquitoes Masanam (Prakash Raj) slowly rises up the ranks to be a Minister. We have Shakthivel (Nithin Sathya) a die-hard fan of actor Vijay who studies in a city college. He falls in love with the wicked minister's sister Thulasi (Sindhu Tolani) and challenges him (he has a reason for that) and a cat and mouse game ensues. What follows is a series of incidents between the two that leads to a melodramatic climax.[1]
City of Song	British	romance	Carmine Gallone	A tourist guide in Naples is taken on by an English woman impressed by his singing, and who regards him as her protege.
Guddi	Bollywood	romance	Hrishikesh Mukherjee	Kusum (aka Guddi) (Jaya Bachchan) is a spunky and carefree schoolgirl who lives with her father (A. K. Hangal), brother and sister-in-law (Sumita Sanyal). Guddi has a crush on film star Dharmendra, whom she regards as a superman who can do no wrong, unable to distinguish between his on-screen image and the real person behind the star. Nobody knows the extent of her crush until she visits Bombay, where her sister-in-law's brother Navin (played by Bengali film actor Samit Bhanja) proposes to her, only to be taken aback when Guddi discloses that she is in love with Dharmendra. Navin discusses the matter with his uncle (Utpal Dutt), who decides that the only solution is to make Guddi realise the difference between illusion and reality. The uncle contacts Dharmendra through a mutual friend. With his help, they show Guddi the difference between the real world and the make-believe world of cinema. Exposed for the first time to the grime and the cruel and heartless world behind the glamour of cinema, Guddi realises that nothing is true in the reel world. While her respect for Dharmendra grows, Guddi comes to realise that he is just as human as anyone around and lives with the same fears and insecurities as anyone else. The film ends with Guddi agreeing to marry Navin.
Dil Ne Phir Yaad Kiya	Bollywood	romance	Unknown	City-based Ashok, who works as a Salesman in a Toy Store, has always dreamed of marrying village-based Ashoo. He is a close friend with his co-worker, Amjad, whose marriage is being finalized with Shabnam. Ashok goes to the village to meet and get Ashoo to marry him but finds she has been abducted by his brother, Bhagat, who had earlier killed her brother, Bhagwan. Ashok manages to rescue her, and they flee Bhagat and his goons in order to try and reach Amjad's wedding ceremony. Amjad is ready to even postpone the wedding in order to give Ashok enough time to make it - but nothing will prepare him for the shock when he gets the news that the train Ashok and Ashoo were traveling in had met with an accident - with very few survivors. Later, Amjad finds Ashok but Ashoo dies. Coincidentally, Shabnam looks exactly like Ashoo and he asks Shabnam to pretend to be Ashoo, only so that his friend could recover and be healthy again. Shabnam reluctantly agrees but Ashok, who is unaware of Ashoo's death, is frustrated to see that Ashoo no longer loves him like before and retreats back even when he holds her hand. Will he realise Amjad's love for him and will Shabnam ever gain her husband's love .
Rehnaa Hai Terre Dil Mein	Bollywood	romance	Gautham Menon	The story starts with narration by Maddy (R. Madhavan) himself. Maddy is the son of a music shop owner (Anupam Kher) who hopes that Maddy will someday take over his shop. Instead, Maddy is a total brat, not serious about studies and notorious in his college. He harasses girls in his college. In contrast to him is his arch rival Sam (Saif Ali Khan), a model student, with whom Maddy is at constant loggerheads. The enmity goes so far that Maddy even tries to frame Sam. Sam challenged Maddy for one-on-one fight, to which Maddy happily agreed. But the fight was interrupted in between by the professors. Later at Sam's graduation party, Maddy again tries to challenge Sam, but this time, Sam denies. Sam graduates and leaves the college, but promises Maddy that one fine day, he will complete what was started (i.e., the fight). Two years later, Maddy has taken a job as software instructor at a private company. His attitude has mellowed a lot, but not changed. On his trip to Delhi, he sees a girl in a heavy rainfall, dancing with some kids. He only gets a glimpse of her in the thunder and gets smitten by her beauty, calling her my kind a girl. Later, he and his college cronies attend a wedding of another classmate, where by luck Maddy spots her again and learns that her name is Reena (Dia Mirza). Maddy is deeply attracted to her and tries to learn more about her, but in vain. However, destiny makes them meet again when he sees her in Mumbai. Soon he learns that Reena's marriage has been arranged with Rajeev Samra, Reena's childhood friend and an NRI. Maddy also learns that Reena doesn't know how Rajeev looks like now and that Rajiv is coming next week to meet her. Maddy, now head over heels in love with Reena, is disheartened to lose his love. On persuasion of his friends and specifically by his father (aka DD), Maddy decides to pretend to be Rajeev and tell her his true identity when the time is right. Maddy shows his love to Reena and they spend a good time together in those five days. Reena, who previously liked him only as a friend, falls in love with him too. Everything goes well and Maddy decides to reveal his identity when Reena confesses her love to him. Unfortunately before that, real Rajeev comes back and Reena is shocked to find Maddy's secret. Reena decides to call off her relationship with Maddy. Maddy tries to convince Reena about his true intentions but she refuses to talk to him. Frustrated, Maddy decides to threaten the real Rajeev to back off from the marriage. Maddy is shocked to see that Rajeev is none other than Sam, his college rival. Sam is even more infuriated to learn his impostor is actually his old rival in college whom he hated. Rajeev believes that Maddy is getting involved in all this because of their rivalry. Rajeev and Reena's wedding date is decided. Here, Maddy goes into depression and starts drinking. Reena is no better off without him either, as she finds it very difficult to forget him. Though the enmity between Sam and Maddy is renewed, Sam cannot help but notice that Reena is marrying him only because she is mad at Maddy. Finally, Rajeev confronts Reena and asks her whether she loves him or Maddy. In the meantime, Maddy decides to go to San Francisco, California, taking an offer made to him by his current employer, which initially he had declined. When Rajeev realizes that Reena still loves Maddy, he takes her to the airport. Rajeev and Maddy spot each other. Maddy thinks that Rajeev has come to rebuke him once more. Rajeev hands Reena over to Maddy, upon which the duo confess their feelings for each other. Rajeev is heartbroken, but feigns his old attitude towards Maddy saying that we can never be friends and leaves them. Reena and Maddy are united once again.
